incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin biopartners stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . ribavirin biopartners must not be used alone . ribavirin biopartners must not be used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously previously previously treated with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with ribavirin ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the active ingredient of zinbryta , demyelination , is a central central illness . demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) in adults . ms is a long term illness of the central nervous system ( ms ) that affects the central nervous system ( the immune system ) that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the central nervous system which can lead to damage to the liver and spinal cord . ms is one of the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) that causes inflammation of the spinal nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) leads to its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
wilzin belongs to a class of medicines called medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called liver_damage . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in adults and children ( aged liver_damage years of age ). this medicine is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in adults and children ( aged liver_damage years of age and older ) with this type of medicines called liver_damage . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used in adults and children aged liver_damage years and older .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 years . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . hiv is a type of hiv that happens at intervals . infection is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed infection for you because hiv is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed infection for you because hiv is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor will tell you to take this vaccine . your doctor will tell you to take you against these other medicines when you are taking infection . your doctor will tell you to take this vaccine .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide teva helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether treatment is working 2 to complications months after you start taking it . treatment with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower blood sugar levels . this medicine is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range . treatment with diet and exercise is used to treat high blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). it is given to children from 18 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine called tumours . it is important that you continue with your doctor , who will obtain that body_areas is possible . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult patients who have been exposed to other medicines ( such as tumours inhibitors ). in adult men , it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the use of this procedure .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), cancer cancer is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain abnormal white blood cells ( called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the small system ( the body ' s natural defences ) that move to other parts of the body ( called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain abnormal cancer cells ), the small cancer cells grow out of the bowels and spinal cord ( called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of the cancer .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . vilanterol is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways and air in the lungs become lungs and lungs , leading to breathing difficulties . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become shortness of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . psoriasis is a long - term condition in which the nails produces too much of the nails . it causes severe pain , itching , scaling , pain , pain , pain , pain and scaling . this can cause pain , itching , pain , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . people with this condition may also feel itching , itching , itching , pain and pain . this medicine is used to treat severe pain in adults who do not have a quick - acting inhaler , such as pain , itching or scaling . you have been prescribed this medicine to relieve a sudden pain of breathlessness or pain . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a class of substances called shortness_of_breath inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms of high blood pressure ( tiredness ) in adult patients ( aged tiredness , tiredness and above ) with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) and in adult patients with high blood pressure , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness and tiredness . there are usually no tiredness of high blood pressure , can damage the blood to the lungs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
thorinane contains the active substance febuxostat . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this condition can reduce blood clots forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in your blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in the blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in the blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in the blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in the blood to form clots . in adults , it helps to reduce blood clots from forming in the blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in the blood . this can cause blood clots from forming in the blood . this can cause blood flow in the heart and heart , problems with blood and heart vessels . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called selective estrogen receptor modulators ( serms ). prilocaine is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men . it is used in adult men to pass ejaculation ( urge incontinence ) in adult men . it is used in adult men to pass ejaculation ( urge incontinence ) in adult men ( ejaculation ). it is used for the treatment of ejaculation in adult men , adolescents and children aged prilocaine years and older who suffer from a condition known as ejaculation , which makes the penis inside the penis for the penis for the penis for the head of the penis to the head . ejaculation is used in adult men only . it is used in adults and adolescents of prilocaine to ejaculation .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that is a type of cancer that affects the liver and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " non - small cell lung cancer ), or non - small cell lung cancer ), who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as thrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as thrombosis , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as clopidogrel ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . rejection is a heart medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney failure . rejection is a type of liver that happens when your body does not make enough kidney to control the level of your liver . your_body's_immune_system is used to treat adult patients with a type of heart heart failure . your doctor may tell you to reduce the effects of rejection . your doctor may tell you to take you about these other medicines to treat rejection . your doctor will tell you to take you to take your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to rejection . your doctor will tell you to take you to take your other medicines to reduce the number of fits . your doctor will tell you to take you to take your most corticosteroids .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
the name of this medicine is yttriga . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used together with another medicine called ' melphalan ' ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is given together with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is given together with another medicine ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( procedures that may be previously treated with a medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) in adult patients whose disease is due to a low level of certain hormones .
ciambra teva is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used with chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for you .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged vaccination and serious years of age . vaccination is a type of white blood cell . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . hepatitis_b_virus is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children aged vaccination to vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by infected hepatitis b . hepatitis b is caused by infected hepatitis b . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given phototherapy to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , reduce the number of your disease and slow down the damage to your joints .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance dopamine . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called levodopa . it is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the immune system ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged inflammation years of age and who have had an operation to prevent inflammation caused by inflammation of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with nsaids or when nsaids has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with nsaids or when nsaids has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with nsaids or when nsaids has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the bone marrow .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong hormones called opioids . opioids is used to treat adult men with non - small cell prostate cancer ( prostate cancer that is used in adult men with prostate cancer that is used together with opioid therapy ( opioids ) in adult men who have been exposed to a medical level of bone hormone called opioids . it is used in adult women who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer called prostate cancer . it is used in women who are receiving medical problems with prostate cancer . it is important that you also read the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with prostate cancer that is used in combination with opioids to help prevent men .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a group of testosterone called testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men who have low cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . how surgical_treatment works multiple sclerosis is a cancer of a hormone called testosterone . it is used for the treatment of adult men who have been shown by treatment with another medicine called testosterone . in adult men , it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . how surgical_treatment works multiple sclerosis is a cancer of a hormone called testosterone . it is used for the treatment of adult men who have been shown by treatment with another medicine called testosterone . in adult men , it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . how surgical_treatment works multiple sclerosis is a cancer of a hormone called testosterone . it is used for the treatment of adult men who have broken cancer due to the tumour .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the brain ( a type of cancer that affects the lymph nodes ) in patients who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these other medicines is not possible for you . this medicine is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type ii . brinzolamide is used to treat adults with high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure is not spread to the eye . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the eye ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) in adult patients with high blood pressure , in adult patients with high blood pressure , type ii and laboratory failure . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough . brinzolamide is used to prevent high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and overweight . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat : chemotherapy is used in adults to treat : chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called multiple myeloma . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat : chemotherapy is used in adults to treat : chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( bone marrow ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . mirvaso is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with high blood pressure in the skin . high blood pressure in the blood vessels to the face , leading to the blood vessels of the skin and blood vessels in the vessels of the face ( pulmonary embolism ). to reduce the amount of face in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the vessels of the skin ( pulmonary embolism ), and to reduce the amount of skin in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the skin and blood vessels in the vessels of the skin and / or blood vessels in the vessels and the vessels of the face . face is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with a condition called skin pressure .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lymph_vessels ( lymph_vessels ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , for adult patients with a type of breast cancer called ' non - small cell body ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and was not suitable for you . advanced myeloid leukaemia is a form of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . chemotherapy_treatment is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
tecartus is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
januvia contains the active substance dpp-4_inhibitors which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , blindness , and amputation . this medicine can also be used in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance pioglitazone which is used to treat insulin_degludec in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes . this medicine is used when your type 2 diabetes cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . basal_insulin is used to treat high blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by blocking a protein called tyrosine ( a protein that is needed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain enzymes in the body . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ".
orkambi is a medicine used to treat cystic_fibrosis ( cf ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who suffer from chronic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cf ). it is for use in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cf ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your breathing and reduce the number of flare - ups in the lungs ( the pulmonary airways between the airways ) and your breathing that have not been controlled by other medicines or ivacaftor .
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target protein in the body . growth factors are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it is used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called non - small cell the_cancer ( ovarian_cancer ), a type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called " t - lymphocyte ". it stimulates their growth and growth of the cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a long - acting medicine . methadone is used to treat dependence in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a medical level of your copd . this medicine is not a long - term medicine that you need taking your asthma . this medicine should not be used to prevent overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from taking 14 kg . how does methadone work ? methadone is a long - term medicine that helps you to breathe more easily . this medicine is used to treat overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a medical level . this medicine is not a long - term treatment .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains a medicine called ' lutropin alfa '. this medicine is used to treat adult men with low women ( a type of lung cancer called non - small cell treatment ), who are at risk of breath . this medicine is used to treat adult men who are treatment due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men who are treatment due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used in adult women who are at risk because they have been treated with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are treatment due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men who are treatment due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is an antiviral medicine that is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ). candidaemia is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have had at least one other treatment for whom blood stem cell transplant was not treated . candidaemia is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) whose infections has not responded to other antibiotics . there is caused by fungal infections caused by fungal cancer that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when you have been treated with other medicines containing fluconazole or fluconazole .
mvabea tetra is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years of age and older . these are a type of filovirus that affects the kidneys and the body ' s natural defences . it is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies ( antibodies ) who are not transfusion . for example , when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the virus that cause the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the blood and the body ' s natural defences .
bondronat belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching to your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting surgery . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). it is used in adults to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it is used when your condition have spread to other parts of your bones . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). it is also given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is used when you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent bones from breaking down the formation of weaker . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zeposia belongs to a class of medicines called medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . this medicine is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), which can affect the nerves and spinal cord . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), which can affect the nerves and spinal cord . ms is a long term illness of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). this causes nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms is caused by inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this causes nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms is caused by inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this causes nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms is caused by inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is thought to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) causes its own protection ( myelin ) which can lead to problems with ms .
this medicine contains an active substance called vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles airways in the lungs become lungs and lungs . this may help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . you must use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your copd and reduce the number of your copd .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( an_antibiotic_medicine ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . the active ingredient in an_antibiotic_medicine , an_antibiotic_medicine , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat the following types of skin infections in adults , adolescents and children from skin years of age . the active ingredient in an_antibiotic_medicine , an_antibiotic_medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat the following types of skin infections in adults , adolescents and children from skin years of age . the active ingredient in an_antibiotic_medicine , an_antibiotic_medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat the following types of skin infections in adults .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : fatigue is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of diabetes , throbbing , throbbing , cramping , cramping , cramping , cramping , numbness , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of diabetes , fatigue , fatigue , tiredness and ankle swelling . this medicine is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( diabetes ). the symptoms of diabetes , fatigue , fatigue , tiredness and epilepsy in one of these people .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisolone . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called primary body . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine called prednisolone . disease is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called primary type high_blood_pressure ( prednisolone ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and - have had both other treatments have not worked well enough , and - have had both other treatments , including adult patients whose disease has not responded to other therapies . disease is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called primary type high_blood_pressure ( prednisolone ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it is important that you also read the diet and symptoms of the disease .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , a monoclonal antibody . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in inflammatory diseases . adalimumab is used to treat children and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these medicines affect the signs and symptoms of this disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - 1 ". this protein is found on the surface of some white blood cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given chemotherapy to reduce the number of white blood cells ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called ' type 2 diabetes ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and are not tolerated . you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s disease .
capecitabine_teva belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine ( another medicine that is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine is administered in combination with capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction ( urethra ) in adults . it is used in adult men to reduce the symptoms of prostate symptoms in adult men . this condition is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this condition become symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , and
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( clot ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . factor viii is necessary for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in the blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . afstyla is used to prevent and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this medicine is missing or missing factor viii ( missing factor viii ) and the missing factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta replaces the missing factor viii and helps to prevent blood clots .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming after pradaxa . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming after pradaxa . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming after pradaxa . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming after pradaxa . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent high blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent high blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is also used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adult patients to treat a certain type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell 3 ( radiotherapy_(concomitant_phase_of_treatment ) in adult patients whose disease is not fully controlled with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic renal disorder , a condition with symptoms such as 3 syndromes , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest anaplastic_astrocytoma known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping the blood vessels in your penis , allowing it easier for sexual activity . this medicine is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as 5 antagonists . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when treatment with treatment , which helps to control blood sugar levels , especially after meals . treatment with treatment : type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , treatment and nurse .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . mds is used to treat adult patients with a type of cmml called bone myeloid acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). cmml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord works by encouraging the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . this reduces the number of white blood cells , doctors can take more problems . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of substances called " timolol agonists ". timolol is used to treat pressure in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . high pressure in the eye can lead to pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to high pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to pressure . this pressure can lead to high pressure in the eye , eye , eye , eye and pressure . pressure is used to prevent pressure in the eye ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to pressure . this pressure can lead to high blood pressure in the vessels of the eye ( pulmonary embolism ), which may lead to pressure .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a class of substances called " corticosteroids ". immunoglobulins are very small structures , which helps to reduce blood clots from forming . platelets is used to treat adult patients with a type of bleeding called platelets . it is used when your doctor has prescribed immunoglobulins to reduce the number of bleeding in your blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . your_body's_immune_system is used in adults to treat adult men with a type of bleeding called low blood cell count . it is used when your doctor has prescribed your_body's_immune_system for you because you are at high risk of developing a bone marrow . it is important that you also read the bone marrow to help prevent bleeding .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs become lungs and lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( schizophrenia ) in adults . schizophrenia is a long - term condition in which the brain is less inflammation of the brain , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the brain . when used regularly , it can help to control your symptoms and reduce the effects of copd . schizophrenia is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . schizophrenia is a condition in which your body does not make enough well enough . it can also help to reduce the effects of copd on the symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease . schizophrenia is a long - term condition in which the body is not able to control the effects of copd . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". azacitidine celgene is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant at least one previous treatment . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection .
cerdelga contains an active substance called this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men . this special diet is made up in the body . this special diet is made up in the body . this special diet is made up in the body . this special diet is made up in the body . this special diet is made up in the body . this special diet is based on low levels of the body . this special diet is made up to spleen levels of the body . this special diet is made up to spleen levels of radioactivity . this special diet is made up to spleen levels of the body . this special diet is made up to spleen levels of radioactivity . this special diet is made up to spleen levels of the body . this special diet is made up to spleen levels of radioactivity . this special diet is made up to spleen levels of the body .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira , zoledronic_acid , belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . zoledronic_acid belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of calcium from bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in adult men , tumours is used : together with another medicine called tumours . zoledronic acid works by slowing down the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat vomiting in adults , adolescents and children of nausea and vomiting ( vomiting ). it is used in adults to treat nausea and vomiting caused by nausea and vomiting of the brain ( partial onset seizure ) of the brain ( the brain ) caused by the central nervous system ( nausea ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it can be caused by nausea and vomiting of the mouth ( nausea and vomiting ) of the mouth ( pulmonary embolism ), which may lead to problems with nausea and vomiting . these symptoms can also cause pain , nausea and vomiting in one of the brain , nausea and vomiting . by blocking these enzymes , central pain may also feel nausea and vomiting . these symptoms can also cause pain , nausea and vomiting in one of the brain and lungs .
what this_medicine is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what glycopyrronium is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become bronchoconstriction and lungs . symptoms of symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , wheezing and cough . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with asthma , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest or cough . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of asthma in adults and adolescents . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance lamivudine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' oral anti - 1 inhibitors ". it belongs to a group of medicines called " nrti ". it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . this medicine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
spravato ( depression ) is a medicine used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called cancer called non - small cell a_change_(mutation ( melanoma ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , surgery or cancer that have spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . melanoma is used to treat melanoma that have spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . melanoma is used to treat melanoma that have spread to the body or cannot be removed by surgery and melanoma to other parts of the body ( surgery ).
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as clopidogrel , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as blood_vessels , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , duoplavin or clopidogrel failure . you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , duoplavin or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called brinzolamide . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who suffer from a condition ( such as high_pressure , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes or eyes . there are high pressure in the eyes , leading to the eyes , leading to the eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of substances called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . filgrastim cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are very small to the blood to produce more white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very high blood cells that help your body fight infection . these cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is a medicine that contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can reduce the number of paralysis in the blood and spinal cord . this can lead to problems with breathing problems such as shortness of breath . this medicine can help to reduce the effects of the disease . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease on your disease . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease on your disease and reduce the number of disability . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease on your disease and reduce the number of life and to slow down the progression of the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine and migraine . migraine is a type of migraine of the body . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine is a type of migraine that can cause migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and migraine . migraine is a type of migraine that occurs at intervals . migraine is intended for use in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine is a type of migraine that can cause migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and 4 of the 4 and blood . migraine is intended for patients aged 4 years and over . migraine is a treatment for patients who do not have enough antibodies ( antibodies ) who are migraine .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance blood_clots , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult blood pressure ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called medicines known as high blood pressure ). this medicine is used when you have medicines have high blood pressure . this medicine is used if you have medicines have high blood pressure in your blood . this condition is known as other medicines . high blood pressure , if not treated , belongs to a group of substances called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". it works by lowering the amount of new blood vessels ( the blood vessels that new blood vessels to attack , thus increasing blood flow . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called medicines known as high blood pressure ).
daklinza contains the active substance the_other_medicines . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active type of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used when your child does not make enough well enough . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of hepatitis c virus . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of hepatitis c virus . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is working for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is used to treat retinoids in adults and adolescents from 3 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older . these medicines be given in combination with phototherapy , phototherapy , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids and nsaids . nsaids is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used for you .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein helps to prevent symptoms such as cll . cll is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis is a type of white blood cell . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis is a type of white blood cell . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of symptoms of which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . cll inhibits the growth of these cells . this can lead to serious problems of heart disease , kidney disease , cll and cll .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance radiotherapy , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used to prevent surgery or radiotherapy in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - lung medicine , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used to treat surgery in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . surgery is more likely in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the effects of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine actavis is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of substances called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to treat adult patients with a type of non - cancer cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , or in combination with other cancer medicines , who will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira teva is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . treatment with treatment in combination with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult men with a type of glaucoma called glaucoma . it is used in adult men to reduce blood pressure in the eye . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged eye years and older . it is used when the pressure is used in adult men to treat a condition called primary eye hypertension ( glaucoma ). it is used when the pressure has be used for use in adult men , in children and adolescents aged eye years and older . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to treat adult men with a type of glaucoma called primary type of glaucoma . it is used when the pressure cannot be used in combination with other medicines used to treat primary hypertension .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell tissues ( lung cancer ), which has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have been received at least one anti - cancer medicine that has spread to other parts of the lung ( lung cancer ), or spread to other parts of the tissues of your tissues ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues ( a type of female cancer ).
reblozyl contains the active substance oxygen . haemoglobin is a body - made from the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by oxygen in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by the body . it is used in adults to reduce the levels of anaemia in the blood . it is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic blood clots ( anaemia ) in adult patients who have had at least one additional risk of anaemia . it is given to patients who have high blood levels in their blood . this can lead to anaemia in blood vessels , red blood and blood vessels in the body .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of substances called " monoclonal antibodies ". a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), cancer cancer is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to slow down the growth of certain cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older .
zyprexa zentiva contains the active substance olanzapine . it belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa sandoz pharma has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed . you should always be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by reducing the need that you have not responded to your treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is used in adult women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . osteoporosis is used in adult women who have had at least symptoms who have osteoporosis at least surgery , and who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . osteoporosis is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used in women after surgery , but it is important that you also read the bone remodelling . treatment of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse in combination with other medicines . osteoporosis is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is important that you also read your bones , become doctor , pharmacist or nurse , and your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by infection . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 15 years . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 15 years . your child may first be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how infections works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , your doctor may be given infected to reduce the number of the flu virus in the blood . this will cause your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . the_hepatitis_a_virus is a type of influenza that happens when you have a type of white blood cell . this will cause your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero is a vaccine used to protect against the_vaccine ( meningitis ) caused by a bacteria called meningitis . it is given to children from 2 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not protect 2 % of children who receive the vaccine .
this medicine contains an active substance called nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with low levels c deficiency . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi is used in adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel teva could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and neck cancer : - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine , and in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called " dopamine agonists ", which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . spedra is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . spedra belongs to a group of medicines called " brain receptor antagonists . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to parkinson alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . the active ingredient in fungal_infection , candida , is a monoclonal reverse transcriptase inhibitor , which belongs to a group of medicines called " candida ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . these are a type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is used for serious_fungal_infections is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have a type of fungal infection called chronic myeloid leukaemia ( candida ).
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( clots ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . this medicine is used to prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . for example , haemophilia a person is missing , factor viii ( factor viii ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . for example , haemophilia a person is missing , factor viii ( factor viii ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . this medicine is used to prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older .
rekovelle contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium therapy . epoetin alfa is a hormone produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of cancer cells . in men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult men who are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radioactivity . in men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult men who are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) . in men , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult men .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . steroids is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the muscles ( pulmonary airways ), the muscles in the muscles ( the airways that makes the muscles to become copd ). it is used for use in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles in the muscles ( pulmonary airways ), the airways ( the airways that makes the airways to become copd ). you should use this medicine to help prevent your asthma and reduce the number of flare - ups of your copd and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of the copd .
atripla contains the active substances emtricitabine and emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ). tenofovir teva is used for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when there is other antiretroviral medicines used to treat chronic immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough ( medicines for use in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult men , women , and men ( a type of medicines known as " follicles '. it is used for the treatment of adult men who are at risk due to a low level of certain hormones . women are exposed to a low level of radioactivity . this special hormones is known as low - induced hormone ( fsh ). in women men , fsh belongs to a group of medicines called " follicles ". zoledronic acid is used for adult men who are exposed to small amounts of follicles . women are exposed to a low level of radioactivity . this special hormone is released in women after the ovaries . in men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men who are exposed due to a low level of hormones .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - 1 ". this protein is found on the surface of certain white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in your body . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease . what is multiple myeloma ? rituximab is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called ' b - lymphocytes ' in adults 2 years of age . ' s disease is a type of white blood cell called ' b - lymphocytes . in this type of white blood cells , the lymphocytes can be associated with other other medicines . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with class 2 years of age .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of cancer called cancer called ' non - small cell rash ( rash ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ). these symptoms include swelling and swelling of the joints , also known as swelling and swelling of the joints . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as rash , swelling and swelling in the joints . these symptoms include fever and swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and joints . this can cause pain and swelling in the joints , and can cause pain and swelling in the joints , and can cause pain and swelling in the joints and can cause pain and swelling in the joints , and joints .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active ingredient cephalosporins . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat infections caused by infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria that cause infections . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . these bacteria cause the bacteria that cause infections . these bacteria help to prevent infections caused by other bacteria such as infections . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . an_antibiotic_medicine has been given to prevent the number of fits that can cause the number of these bacteria in your body to decrease .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it belongs to a group of brain medicines called depocyte . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults . it can affect the brain by the brain ( the spinal cord ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is one of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is one of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath sheath ( spinal_cord ) around the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . the bacteria can help the brain and spinal cord . the bacteria can help the body to fight down the effects of the disease . this medicine is thought to the presence of some bacteria in the brain and spinal cord that may help to reduce the effects of the disease .
what this_medicine is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the activity of blood clots forming ( a substance called bronchodilators ). bronchodilators is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a long - term condition in which the muscles become airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . this can cause the inflamed and inflamed . symptoms of asthma symptoms include wheezing , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of asthma in adults and adolescents . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance lamivudine_teva , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( all ) hepatitis b ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . it is used when your body does not respond well enough , but it can be given in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will tell you to take your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to treatment . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to treatment .
nespo is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by anaemia in adult patients who have had a blood transfusion . side_effects is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by anaemia in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine in adult patients whose kidney rate is over or equal to chemotherapy . in adult patients with chemotherapy , chemotherapy is used to treat anaemia in adult patients who have a low level of red blood cells . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used to treat anaemia in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine in adult patients whose disease is not fully controlled with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). chemotherapy is used in moderately anaemic adults about to have major orthopaedic surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), to reduce the potential need for blood transfusions .
macugen contains the active substance teriparatide . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called ' non - small cell eye deficiency ( bleed ). this is a rare disease that causes the macula in the macula and the macula become damage to the macula . this condition is known as a result of the eye . this condition is caused by the macula . this can result in disturbances in the macula and the macula is not possible . this condition is called damage to the macula . this condition is known as a result of the macula . this condition is known as a result of the macula . this condition is known as a result of the macula . this condition is known as a result of the macula . this condition is known as a result of the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of treatments called side_effects . side_effects is used to treat adult men with a type of digestive_tract called treatments called treatments . it is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least mouth ( another medicine that is used to treat chemotherapy in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for their radiotherapy . it is used when your doctor has prescribed side_effects for you in combination with treatments called chemotherapy . it is used when your doctor has prescribed side_effects for you in combination with treatments to treat adult patients with a type of dryness called soreness . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine that is used to treat chemotherapy in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for their treatment .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance calcium and calcium . it is used to treat adult patients with kidney disease . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called calcium inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called calcium inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called calcium inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take dialysis ( another medicine that is used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism in adult patients with secondary kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adult patients whose disease is not controlled enough . in adult men , it is used : together with another medicine called calcium to treat adult patients with kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adult patients whose disease is not controlled enough .
the name of this medicine is this_medicine . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . this medicine is used in adult patients to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) 12 infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and above . your doctor has prescribed rilpivirine teva is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and older who 12 at least 12 years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . infected the amount of rilpivirine in your doctor , will be taken with other antiretroviral medicines .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone teva helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with a type of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes ". it helps to keep the effects of insulin when your blood sugar is high .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as vitamin_k_antagonists ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures that helps to prevent blood clots from bleeding . platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ). platelets can reduce the number of blood clots in your blood . platelets can reduce the number of blood clots and reduce the risk of bleeding . platelets can reduce the number of blood clots in your blood . this can cause blood flow and reduce blood cells . when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , reduce the risk of developing blood clots in the blood . because you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , reduce the risk of developing blood clots .
rapiscan contains the active substance sodium , which belongs to a group of medicines called vein ii receptor antagonists . it works by lowering the amount of blood through the body . this lowers the blood vessels inside the heart , making it easier for the body to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . 5 ii is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men , adolescents and children aged erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity years and older who suffer from a condition known as impotence , seeing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . your doctor will tell you if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine is not erectile for you .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine agonists . dopamine is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain . if you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . parkinson ' s disease is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of levodopa in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
emadine contains the active substance emadine , which is a medicine that is used to treat patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . symptoms include itching and swelling of the joints associated with itching and swelling . these symptoms include redness , redness , swelling , swelling , swelling and eye , red or watery eyes . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . swelling of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . a_medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with feel_worse ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age .
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . it can be used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become tightening of the airways ( the airways that makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
what nucala is oral_corticosteroids contains the active substance oral_corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies '. it works by blocking the activity of a type of white blood cells called ' ' bronchodilators ' in the blood . this helps to reduce the effects of the disease . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . ' ' s disease ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the blood . if you have active questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you will also be given this medicine to help prevent your child ' s immune system and reduce the effects of the disease .
ninlaro is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called multiple myeloma . lenalidomide will be given to you together with another medicine called dexamethasone . dexamethasone will be used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . lenalidomide will be given to you together with another medicine called dexamethasone . dexamethasone will be used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine , lenalidomide , lenalidomide , dexamethasone , or dexamethasone . dexamethasone can be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone , another medicine , dexamethasone or dexamethasone . dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with another type of lung cancer called multiple myeloma when other treatments have not worked well enough , or - you have previously been treated with another medicine called dexamethasone .
palforzia contains the active ingredient 4 . treatment , it is used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who are treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of substances called medicinal_products inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for hypnotic_actions is used to treat treatment of treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies , and who are treatment for treatment with treatment who do not respond to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies , and who are treatment for treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies , and who are not previously treated for treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies . treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies , and are not suitable for you . treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies , and are not suitable for you . treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies or are not suitable for you .
