incivo belongs to a class of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . ribavirin is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . it is used in combination with peginterferon_alfa , although it may also be used alone . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist or with other forms of interferon for the treatment of this will improve your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinbryta is used to treat problems with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( ms ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with active type of medicines ( also known as primary generalisation ). it does not cure the liver , but over the amount of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( the body ' s natural defences ) less able to close its own protection ( antibodies ) against the liver and liver damage . this may help to reduce the amount of the immune system in your body . this will help to reduce the amount of the immune system in your body . this will help to reduce the amount of the immune system in your body ( called " protect ' s quality ) and infection .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above who infection at least infection with hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ). dutrebis is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults , adolescents and children 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child ( human immunodeficiency virus infection ). infection by your doctor the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
novonorm contains insulin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when insulin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether the_insulin is working 3 to glucose minutes after you start taking it . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any further vaccine , the flu vaccine may not protect the vaccine . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a serious type of skin cancer called tumours in the vein . it is used in adult men who have been exposed to a small amount of medicines known as radiation ( medicines known as radiation ). these medicines can be caused by a different type of radioactivity . the doctor will also be given with other medicines . if you have any questions about how tumours works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use in the use of this leaflet , the use of the doctor that requested the scan . the use of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of medicines called everolimus . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . by attaching to vegf , vegf-targeted_therapy blocks its action and reduces the amount of postmenopausal cancer cells . in adults , it is used : to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer is a disease of the spine . if you have any questions about how medicines works or why this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . that is used for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of skin cancer ( non - small cell cancer ) when previous therapy have not worked or are not suitable for you .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the skin . the target of the immune system is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( il - 1 ), which is present at increased levels in the diseases such as psoriasis , burning , itching , pain , pain , itching and pain . by blocking these neuropathic pain , this medicine is used for the treatment of psoriasis , often accompanied by burning , itching , itching , itching and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain and pain . peripheral pain may cause pain , itching , burning , burning , itching and pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph . this belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which causes blood vessels to narrow . blood_flow therefore causes blood vessels to expand and belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . in people with oxygen , these arteries get narrower , so the body to work normally to break in the blood . this causes the blood vessels and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients . high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . in this condition , the blood vessels can damage the nutrients and lungs . in this way , it causes the blood vessels and relieves the symptoms .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium ( also known as enoxaparin_sodium ). it is used to treat adults with type 1 gaucher disease . in adults , it is used : to prevent blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . it can be used in adults to treat the formation of blood clots in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart and blood vessels in the legs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels in the legs and / or legs . when used for patients with severe ' s disease reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . your_dialysis_machine reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine is a member of a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the penis in your penis when you get sexually excited . when prilocaine is used , it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men . it is also used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men . it is also used for use in adult men who have breathing difficulties due to a medical ability to open the toilet , such as alone and prilocaine . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific targets or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their action . when nivolumab binds to her2 it stops the action of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , nivolumab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your t cells . this helps increase their activity against the lung cancer cells . cutaneous non - small cell lung cancer is a type of cancer that affects the lining of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). adcetris is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that is advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( called ' metastatic ' basal cell carcinoma ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is a type of cancer that affects the lymph nodes ) in patients who have received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
clopidogrel_tad belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , atherosclerosis or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your doctor , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will try to reject the heart . your_body's_immune_system is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the heart , enabling your body to accept the heart , causing your symptoms . you should always be given rejection for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted kidney , kidney , heart or other organ or if any previous treatment you were taking was unable to control this immune response after your heart . rejection is a condition in which your body does not make enough kidney , and the liver does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , your body does not respond to use the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rejection is working 3 to any_previous_treatment months after you start taking it .
clopidogrel_zentiva belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , atherosclerosis or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that may be combined with another medicine to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is also used to treat adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that is also used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( medicines that may help you to become parkinson ' s disease ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult patients , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_treatment due to a low level of certain hormones .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . ciambra is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of lung cancer , it is also used in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what immunogam is used for vaccination is used to treat adults with severe hepatitis b , an infection with hepatitis b virus infection in adults . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the infection . hepatitis b is an infection with vaccination , the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccination may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the immune system to produce immunity ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccination may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody - a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or treatments .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to increase and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain . it may help to reduce the effects of the parkinson ' s disease in adult patients ( parkinson ' s disease ) or together with levodopa ( for parkinson ' s disease ). in adult men , it is used : together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). - in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease or together with parkinson ' s disease . it helps to reduce the effects of dopamine on the brain .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it is used to treat inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation that have not improved during treatment with the other medicines : nsaids , in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of inflammation called inflammation . inflammation can reduce the need for a blood transfusion , to reduce the risk of multiple myeloma . inflammation is a disease in which the body ' s immune system destroys nerve cells and reduce the need for the disease to reduce the number of white blood cells ( inflammation ). retacrit is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of inflammation called inflammation . abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . opioids act in different ways to act prostate cancer cells . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult male patients who have had an operation to resistant prostate cancer . it is used together with an opioid medicine called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to small effects of prostate cancer . it is used together with a medicine called opioids used to treat prostate cancer that is resistant to the prostate , resulting in women who have had an operation treatment resistant to a medicine resistant to the medicine resistant to the prostate - resistant medicine resistant to the body for their area , it is used together with a medicine called opioids .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance prostate_cancer . what surgical_treatment is used for pecfent is used to treat adult men with a type of testosterone called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body ' s own immune system . adult multiple cancer , testosterone is used in adult women to treat adult men with a type of testosterone called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body ' s own immune system . adult multiple myeloma is her2 , testosterone is used : to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body which is also used to treat adult cancer .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell hormone ( prostate_cancer ). it is given when the cancer has responded to other parts of the body such as the brain . it is given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it can also be used in patients who have had at least one other medicine and have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adults with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( also known as a type of cancer of the blood ) in patients who have had at least one other medicine and have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide is used to reduce high pressure in the eye in adults . high pressure is caused by the formation of pressure in the eye vessels ( the blood vessels in the eye ). in people with high blood pressure , doctors can need the blood vessels of the eye . damage to the decrease in the eye , making it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the eye . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in the eye vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your eye . this pressure leads to a high amount of substances that cause damage to the eye and damage to the rest of the eye .
forxiga contains the active substances dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by diabetes for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat diabetes in adults aged 1 ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . it is important to keep following advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . 30 is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the back ( hypercalcaemia ) in adults and in children from growing years of age . odomzo can be used in adults to treat the following types of cancer in the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in adults . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s womb ). it is used when a cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in which the bone marrow produces healthy healthy bone tissue . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults with advanced cancer of the bone marrow .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin agents , which help to reduce skin pressure . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with a blood condition called blood vessels that has blood vessels in the skin responsible to the skin . soft tissue sarcoma is a condition in which the skin vessels on the skin and the skin . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to reduce the amount of the blood vessels in the face . this will result in high blood pressure in the vessels of your face . this can result in damage to the face and face , leading to a stroke of vision and / or the presence of blood_vessels in the face . this can result in damage to the bloodstream and face .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented . in combination with bevacizumab , the active substance ( vegf - 3 ) is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented . if you have any questions about how gemcitabine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what tecartus is and how it works other_medicines contains the active substance other_medicines . this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when your immune system is made out of the immune system , the body ' s natural defences ) which causes a type of white blood cell , called the plasma cell . these cells collect in the bone marrow and divide out of control . this can damage the blood supply to the blood and blood vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes the immune system to attack the cancer cells . in this case , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) works by stopping the rate in your immune system . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it helps to control the level of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed basal_insulin to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin actavis may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take prior , and where treatment with diet and diabetes has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance trastuzumab , which is a medicine that works by slowing cancer cells . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse . this medicine is prescribed for the treatment of breast cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour or to other parts of your cancer . this medicine may also be prescribed to you together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm that have not spread to other parts of the cancer . this medicine can also be prescribed to you together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm that do not respond to other parts of your cancer . this medicine can also be prescribed to you together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are cancer_cells due to a low level of certain hormones .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ( cf ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cf who weigh cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) and in people aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis . cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) is used to treat cf in people 6 years of age and older with cystic fibrosis . pseudomonas aeruginosa is a highly common bacterium that infects the airways in people with cystic fibrosis . the active ingredient in long-term_treatment , ivacaftor is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older with cf who have chronic hepatitis c ( lung ) lung function ( lung ) lung function ( cf ) in adults aged 6 and over .
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . the target of protein is a protein called tumour cell protein ( anaplastic lymphoma ) which is present in the growth and spread of cancer cells . odomzo is used to treat patients with advanced stage of lung cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original death or when other treatments have not worked or have stopped working . advanced myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) which has spread to other parts of the the_cancer or to other organs , when previous treatments have not worked or are not suitable for you . if you have any questions about how talzenna works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine that helps your body to do food . what this_medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children ( from 14 years of age ) to treat a type of 14 called ' chronic obstructive pain ' or ' overdose '. this is a long - term condition of the airways in the body . it is often taken with another medicine , oxycodone or naloxone . it is very important that you also read the leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with opioids . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . you should always keep this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone " ( fsh ). fsh is a gonadotropin , a type of protein that plays an important role in human fertility and reproduction . in some people , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . what is treatment for procedures is used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor will prescribe treatment for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is an antifungal medicine . candidaemia works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections . candidaemia is used in adults to treat the following infections in adults , adolescents and children from the age of 2 years . what candidaemia is used for candidaemia is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal disease : - invasive aspergillosis ( patients with a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . prevention of fungal infections in patients who have had at least fusarium other fungal infections which have caused side effects ( such as candida_sp._infections , candidaemia , or fusarium ), which are caused by scedosporium ( known as a fungus that causes fungal infections ), serious invasive candida ( candida_sp._infections ), which can cause fungal infections in patients who have had at least one other transplant contact by a fungus formulation .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease caused by human papillomavirus ( filovirus ) in adults , adolescents and children from 1 year of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . zabdeno_and_mvabea_vaccination is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults , adolescents and children from 1 year of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . the vaccine is not used to treat infected ebola_virus caused by other types of rotavirus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the immune system in the vaccine can cause the disease associated with the hepatitis b virus , which can lead to problems with breathing . the coughing often has a " whooping " sound . the cough may last for one to two months or longer . whooping cough can also cause ear infections , chest infections ( bronchitis ) which may last the blood , skin , skin , skin , skin , skin , and bone marrow , and bone marrow . the vaccine can cause the disease also make a toxin ( poison ) of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of inflammatory disease that affects the liver .
bondronat belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent weaker from your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent weaker from your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent weaker from your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent weaker from the bones from a healthy healthy bones such as a result of your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting healthy healthy . when you have not prescribed a your doctor , your doctor may suggest you make changes to your doctor .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it is used to treat inflammation of the brain ( ms ) in adults . ms can reduce the ability of the central nervous system ( ms ) around the brain and spinal cord . in multiple sclerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the spine of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the spine of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the symptoms of the disease .
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for bronchodilators is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults with the following types of bacteria that affect the skin in the skin caused by the bacteria known as the skin . it is one of the skin which damages the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and the skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and other parts of the skin . the bacteria release a toxin ( poison ) that is needed for the lining of the skin and other parts of the skin and spinal cord . the bacteria make a toxin ( poison ) that is needed for the lining of the skin and spinal cord . in multiple sclerosis , the bacteria enter the skin and spinal cord , causing the damage to the immune system and kills the progression of the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , cramping , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin_pfizer accord for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . it is used in the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , it is used : together with another medicine called levodopa . parkinson ' s disease is caused by a regular type of parkinson's_disease ( dopamine ) in the brain . it helps to reduce the effects of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine in the brain . it may help to reduce the effects of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is taken together with another medicine called levodopa . it may help reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone , which is a type of medicine called a body . disease is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called disease that is found in the body . disease : your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat a condition called " prednisolone . disease is a condition in which the body ' s immune system causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to reduce the amount of testosterone in your body . the amount of testosterone in the body can be greatly reduced or disappear for a period of time . the active substance in disease is prednisone . prednisolone is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body ' s immune system causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood and lymph nodes in the body . the amount of testosterone in the bloodstream can lead to low problems , testosterone in combination with prednisone or pegylated liposomal doxorubicin . prednisolone can also be used for the treatment of adult patients with chronic kidney cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . when used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma , it will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . when used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma , it will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . when used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma , it will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . when used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma , it will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back or when prednisolone is for use in adults only .
hefiya is a medicine containing the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor ( tnf ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some inflammatory diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints that usually first appear in childhood . adalimumab is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . the active ingredient in adalimumab , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnf , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the symptoms of these diseases .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what is enhertu is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease that affects the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) to produce abnormal white blood cells . in the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . these are a type of white blood cells . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it helps the body to increase the production of the disease .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , in combination with capecitabine , breast cancer , gastric cancer or gastric cancer that has spread to other parts of the tumour . surgery is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of breast cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of adult patients with breast cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with capecitabine or capecitabine .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat prostate conditions in the bladder ( urethra ) in adults . it can reduce the bladder in the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . the symptoms of this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of the symptoms associated with benign enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . symptoms may also occur when the symptoms of a symptoms of symptoms may vary such as difficulty as a result with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty , difficulty , difficulty , lifting , loss of interest and a curved back .
kinzalmono can be used to treat high blood pressure ( damage ) in adults with a form of blood_pressure ( also known as stroke , and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a high risk of developing symptoms known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed heart_attack to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new pressure from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of high_blood_pressure , acetylsalicylic acid for a long or blood pressure .
afstyla is used to treat and prevent clot in adults and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a protein form of factor found that helps you to breathe blood years and may be severe . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa , which is a type of protein called protein kinase inhibitors . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is intended to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa may be given to you if you have pradaxa at least one previous treatment and you may not be given to prevent your disease . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . pradaxa is used in adults to treat the following types of blood clots in the blood . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
temomedac contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide hexal is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma .
cialis contains the active substance a_hard_erect_penis and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
enyglid contains insulin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type_2_diabetes ( high blood insulin ) in adults . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid diseases ( cmml ). aml is a cancer of myeloid white blood cells ( called myeloid myeloid cells ) in which the body produces too many mast cells ( mds ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( dna )). it is thought to work by altering the way the cell turns genes on and off and also by interfering with the production of new rna and dna . these actions are thought to correct problems with the maturation and growth of young blood cells in the bone marrow that cause myelodysplastic disorders , and to kill cancerous cells in leukaemia . talk to your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a long - acting hormone called timolol . timolol is produced by the high_pressure_in_the_eye glands to the high_pressure_in_the_eye in the high_pressure_in_the_eye of eye . timolol is used to reduce high pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) in adults . pressure can reduce the amount of c1 inhibitor in the blood vessels , resulting in the blood vessels , which can lead to problems with high levels of fibres of transthyretin being deposited in body organs and causing timolol , eye , eye problems , eye disease and glaucoma . other symptoms that also lead to a clogging of substances called transthyretin , which can lead to swelling damage in organs and prevent glaucoma , problems with blood and heart vessels , kidney stones , mental illness and glaucoma . experience with this condition may also feel glaucoma , glaucoma or glaucoma .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " immunoglobulins ". it is used to treat platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . platelets are blood cells that help to reduce or prevent bleeding . immunoglobulins is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children from the age of 1 . itp is a disease in which the body does not produce enough neutrophils . itp is a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . itp is a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what rolufta ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of epilepsy characterised by a feeling frequent symptoms such as excessive_amounts_of_energy , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe pemphigus vulgaris , a condition with symptoms such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with antipsychotics .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bone_marrow inhibitors . it works by blocking the growth of abnormal cells in the blood . this process is used in adults to treat : acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). cmml is a cancer of white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) in which some cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord is also a treatment for adults and children for : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works by preventing cancer cells from growing . azacitidine becomes incorporated into the genetic material of cells ( ribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( dna )). it is thought to work by altering the way the cell turns genes on and off and also by interfering with the production of new rna and dna . these actions are thought to correct problems with the maturation and growth of the disease .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with mps vi . this medicine is used in adult men , that are not suitable to other parts of the bones ( called " special hormone " special hormone "). in adult men , a condition that breaks down the bones in the body . it is also used in adult women to treat adult men that are not ovulating from the body and is not able to develop from the body . in adults , it is used : to treat adult men , in adult men that are not able to other parts of the body . this special diet is caused by a special type of bones . this special damage to the bones in the bones and the bones to develop normally . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the bones to develop normally .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . fractures and in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . chemotherapy is a long - term condition that affects the brain in the brain , leading to the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) caused by nausea and vomiting . chemotherapy can cause nausea and vomiting of the brain , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing ( skin lesions , nausea and vomiting of the brain and other organs of the area of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). chemotherapy has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of the disease coming back . chemotherapy has been shown to delay the number of fits ( fits ) in the area of the brain ( the area of the brain and spinal cord ), which may affect the brain ( brain ). it may cause nausea and vomiting of the brain , leading to difficulty breathing ( skin lesions ).
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the airways in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance doravirine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - retroviral '. nrti belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. they work by stopping the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for your_'viral_load' is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of hiv infection . your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . in adults , it is used : together with medicines called nrti and other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in adults . depression is a condition in which the depression produces too much il - 1 ( il - 1 ) causes the symptoms of the symptoms you may be experiencing . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults . depression is a long - term condition characterised by the symptoms of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the immune system . this medicine is used in adults to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the symptoms of depression include depression include : having the symptoms of this disease . depression is a long - term condition in which the airways produces too much of a sudden immune system , which causes the symptoms of the symptoms .
zelboraf contains the active substance pembrolizumab , which is a medicine used to treat cancer . your_cancer is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called cancer that has spread in the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
duoplavin belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called this_clumping ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called brinzolamide inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 to 18 years old with high pressure ( long - term newborn babies ) with primary eyes ( ocular_hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children from 18 years of age . high pressure is a condition in which the eyes ( the eyes that surrounds the eyes , leading to the eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . high_pressure works by lowering the amount of liquid that allows the eyes . this may cause the eyes to work harder to the eyes . eye_conditions is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ) that do not have sufficient blood to the eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced in the growth of human white blood cells ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to a natural form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid filgrastim is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . filgrastim hexal inhibits the bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . filgrastim hexal can be used : to increase the number of white blood cells after chemotherapy bone marrow . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which acts on the nervous system . what amyotrophic_lateral_sclerosis is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( weakness ) in adults . relapsing is a disease in which the muscles produces too much of the muscles in the brain and spinal cord . the symptoms of ms vary from patient to patient but typically include the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the brain and spinal cord . the symptoms of ms vary from patient to patient but typically include the muscles between the muscles between the brain and spinal cord . the symptoms of ms vary from patient to patient but typically include the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the brain and spinal cord . the symptoms of this disease is unknown . this can cause paralysis of the skin and spinal cord . the symptoms of this disease is called secondary generalisation . in primary progressive ms , the inflammation that leak the muscles ( called myelin ) around the muscles in the muscles , which can help to reduce the effects of the disease and to improve physical symptoms from your disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . it is intended for use in children 4 years of age and older . migraine is intended for use in children 4 years of age and older . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . it is intended for use in children 4 years of age and older . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . it is often given to patients aged 4 months and above .
defitelio is a medicine used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults with a form of medicines known as blood_clots . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a blood clot forming in the liver . this causes blood vessels that damage the blood to form inside the liver and liver . this causes the blood vessels to grow and the blood vessels to the liver and help to cut blood vessels in the blood vessels , which may help to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels of the liver and / or liver function . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . defitelio is used in adults to treat this condition , so reduce the risk of developing blood clots .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver . the active substances in the medicine can improve the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of the immune system in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of hepatitis c virus in your body . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
proquad is a vaccine against diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . these_viruses is intended to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . antibodies against the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection against the diseases against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . antibodies against the vaccine targets the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . treatment with rheumatoid arthritis include inflammation of joints , usually affect the abnormal immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to rheumatoid arthritis . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , improve your doctor , pharmacist or from the disease related to 3 weeks after the transplant operation for the treatment of your disease . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have ankylosing spondylitis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what rolufta ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what a)_non-hodgkin's_lymphoma is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe the_initial_treatment for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph common form of the immune system ( the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . cll is a particular condition in which certain abnormal white cells ( lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this leaflet , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a new group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . radiotherapy is used in adult patients to reduce surgery , a form of lung cancer , when it has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced cervical cancer when surgery or radiotherapy treatment is not possible . when treating cervical cancer , topotecan hospira is combined with another medicine called surgery and radiotherapy . cervical cancer pazenir is also used in combination with chemotherapy or for the following treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . when used for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after surgery . advanced cervical cancer if surgery or have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins , called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and it stimulates their growth . when a_cancer_medicine binds to her2 it stops the growth of cancer cells . it may also help to shrink your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed_hospira is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of lung cancer , it is also used in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance prostaglandin_analogues , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostaglandin . timolol is used to treat adult patients with an eye disease called glaucoma . it is used when the long - term treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( glaucoma ) in adults . it is used when the long - term treatment of moderate to severe primary vision in the front of the eye ( the eye system ) in adults . it is used when the long - term treatment of diabetic macular oedema ( the condition of the front in the eye . it is used when the pressure cannot be used in combination with other medicines used to treat timolol capacity in adults who are already receiving medical , social and psychological support . it is also used in combination with other medicines used to treat timolol capacity in adults .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib which blocks the growth of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . by attaching to this protein , this_cancer blocks its action and prevents it from switching down your lung cancer . this may improve your immune system and improving your cancer . what is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the following types of lung cancer in adults when other treatments have not worked well enough or has not suitable for you . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this_cancer is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer in adults with advanced stage of lung cancer .
reblozyl is a treatment for adult men with active disorder called haemoglobin . it is given to adult patients with a type of anaemia called multiple sclerosis . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body cannot produce enough red blood cells . haemoglobin is a synthetic element produced by a body . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of anaemia called multiple sclerosis . it can result in red blood pressure in the body . it can also lead to damage to the body , and also reduce the amount of oxygen in the body . it does this by lowering the amount of red blood cells in your body , and helps to reduce the amount of red blood cells in your body . haemoglobin is a type of red blood cells that are important in helping your body to make healthy red blood cells .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults for the treatment of advanced cancer of the disease ( advanced non - small cell carcinoma ) in adults , when previous therapy have not helped or have stopped working . it is also used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . it is also used for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( tumour ) in patients who have received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream and other parts of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children ( 3 years of age and above , at least 35 kg , and who have already been treated with other antiretroviral medicines which are no longer fully effective due to the other hiv - 1 ( hiv - 1 infection ). tybost must be used in patients aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . weigh disoproxil mg tablets are also used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above who weigh at least 35 kg ( for example , or who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of weigh a ( or weight of the female immune system ). the combination of this leaflet with other antiretroviral medicines reduces the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . olanzapine_treatment sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ).
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat postmenopausal postmenopausal multiple sclerosis ( fracture ). it is used in adults who have already had their prostate cancer before at least one other therapy . it is also used in patients who have recently broken bones that have not been treated and has not been treated . paget ' s disease is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result , osteoporosis makes the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . zoledronic bones usually occur in men and women because of the long term use of glucocorticoids , which can affect the strength of bone fractures . osteoporosis could also occur in men and women because of the long term use of glucocorticoids , denosumab could the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . zoledronic bones usually occur in men and women because of the long term use of glucocorticoids , which can affect the strength of bone fractures . it may also occur in men and women because of the long term use of glucocorticoids , denosumab makes the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . aclasta is especially common in women after the menopause . although it can have no symptoms at first , osteoporosis makes them more likely to break , securing formation of normal bone .
ambirix is a vaccine used to protect against infection caused by human ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv - 1 ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 year to less than 15 years who have already been treated with someone . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the inflamed , swollen , inflamed , skin , and infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero can help to protect against infections caused by the bacteria type of the immune system ( infections ) in adults and adolescents from 2 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the body can cause these diseases . as a vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the vaccine can cause the brain and spinal cord . as a vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the vaccine can cause the diseases of the disease .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific different conditions in adults , adolescents and children ( from 1 to 1 years ) with moderate to severe disease . the_amino_acid_tyrosine_(amino_acids is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( tyrosine ) in adults , adolescents and children from birth to 1 years of age . your doctor may test you if you are being treated with a special diet and are not suitable for you . your doctor will also recommend the diet and diet of the following diet . your doctor will also give you are being appropriate for you . your doctor will also give you are being appropriate for you . your doctor will also give you are being appropriate for you and your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , equidacent will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines that affect dopamine ( dopamine ) antagonists . it works by blocking receptors in the brain that causes nerve cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult adult men with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease is not possible . this medicine is that not use in men and you cannot tolerate this medicine that you will need that you will be taking this medicine . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to help you minimise the medicine that you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra only works if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will give you for this medicine .
ecalta is a vaccine used to prevent fungal_infection ( fungal_infection ) conditions in adults and children from 1 years of age , especially in the following types of the disease ( the body ' s immune system ). in people with candida , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system to produce natural substances ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infections . as with all vaccines , serious_fungal_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( haemophilia alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) for treating age ( haemophilia a condition known as haemophilia a , factor viii deficiency ). it is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) for treating age ( long - term newborn babies ) for treating age ( haemophilia severe haemophilia , or - severe bleeding ), in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older .
what rekovelle is lysakare contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body . epoetin acetate is a protein produced by the ovaries that stimulates the ovaries to play an egg from the ovaries , also in the ovaries that contain the ovaries to play an egg from the ovaries , also in the ovaries that contain an egg from the ovaries . in men , bemfola is needed for the ovaries of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) that help to use an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not ovulating from the immune system ( ovulation ) in the ovaries that contain the ovaries to develop an egg from the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the ovaries to be radiolabelled from the ovaries . in women , bemfola is needed for the production of the immune system . in women , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who cannot produce eggs (' d medicines . the use of lutetium ( p177plu )- labelled medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will use from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweights the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet that is to be radiolabelled with lumark .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . fluticasone_furoate is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a chronic long - term disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . the three active ingredients in 22 ellipta are shortness of breath . this helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . tenofovir is a type of antiviral medicine known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as an nrti and works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the viruses to multiply . what three_active_substances is used for a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell failure ( non - administered ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other patients have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - patients who have been exposed to a lot of certain other medicines such as : - patients with other anti - hiv medicines . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking with emtricitabine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as gonadotrophins . it belongs to a group of medicines called " gonadotrophins ", which contain the growth of follicles . what follicles_in_the_ovaries is used for women , it is used : to help release an egg from the the_egg_cells ( ovulation ) in women . it is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women . it is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women . women , it is used : together with other medicines called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are pregnant due to a low level of certain hormones . women , in men who are not ovulating because you have been treated with a medicine called follicle stimulating hormone ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are other_methods due to a low level of certain hormones .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what a)_non-hodgkin's_lymphoma is used for enhertu is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in adults . rheumatoid arthritis is the most common form of adult leukaemia . affects rheumatoid arthritis , the lymphocytes multiply too quickly and can affect other parts of the body . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . e . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . e . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . e . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammation of the joints that usually affects the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used to treat pain in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age . your doctor may prescribe the_disease for the treatment of cancer . your doctor may prescribe the_disease for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as swelling . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse . what benefits of this condition your doctor may prescribe symptoms for the treatment of diabetic conditions . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given symptoms to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making breathing difficult . this medicine relaxes these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat infections of the bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . it works by killing the bacteria that cause infections . it works by killing the bacteria that cause infections . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines when other antibiotics have not worked or have caused side effects . paediatric infections can also be used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough to kill infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with the brain ( the brain ( the brain ) that surrounds the brain in the brain ( the brain ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain that damages the protective layer ( the myelin between the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this can affect the brain and spinal cord . this can cause the ability between the brain and spinal cord . this may help to slow down the effects of the disease .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance mometasone_furoate . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . indacaterol - you have been taken by your doctor to reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life and reduce the swelling of your copd .
zyllt belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what it is used for treatment with your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe treatment for treatment if your condition does not respond well enough to control the level of your disease . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with high levels of being working in your body . this can lead to a reduction in your liver function , and that are at a low level of the immune system . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with this medicine .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . growth factors are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine for chemotherapy . side_effects is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by adult_cancer ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . abseamed is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by frequent blood transfusions in patients with renal disease or peritoneal chemotherapy multiple not yet to control the level of blood cells in the body . - to reduce the number of blood iron ( white blood cells and haemoglobin ) in the blood . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . abseamed can reduce the amount of red blood cells in your blood . the number of blood cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adults with hereditary keratitis ( wet ) age with hereditary macular oedema ( macular_degeneration ). what is multiple sclerosis multiple sclerosis is a rare type of fluid in which the blood vessels inside the retina of the eye and other parts of the retina ( the transparent layer in the retina in the retina in the eye ). patients with damage to the macular layer of the macula ( damage to the macula , so to reduce the amount of damage that the macula produces damage to the macula , leading to vision and damage to the macula , leading to vision damage and damage to the macula ( damage to the back of the macula ). - the macular hole in the macula are macula at one of the macula ( the body ' s immune system ).
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of medicines called cytokines . it works by blocking a protein in the tissues that form part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). when a person is given the these_treatments , the body ' s natural defence system to produce natural substances which help fight your tissues and digestive_tract in the tissues of tissues ( the body ' s natural defences ). when a person is given the these_treatments , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause pain , dryness , dryness , and dryness , and pain , and problems with dryness . side_effects can be used to treat adult patients with a weak immune system where your doctor has decided that it is not a treatment for these symptoms .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains an active substance called the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . it is similar to a natural hormone produced by your body called " dopamine hormone " which is produced by the parathyroid glands . in the parathyroids , the body can produce parathyroid substances which cause parathyroid hormone ( pth ). phosphorous is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism ( secondary type of kidney disease ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism ( secondary lipodystrophy ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism ( secondary type of kidney disease ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism ( secondary type of kidney disease ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism ( secondary type of kidney disease ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ).
jentadueto contains three active substances , empagliflozin and empagliflozin . biguanides belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes ( insulin , metformin , sulphonylureas , or amputation ) to treat high blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of the virus in blood . rilpivirine belongs to a group of anti - hiv medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 kg . infected infected the amount of hiv in your immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when rosiglitazone is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone accord helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone accord is working 3 to metformin months after you start taking it . rosiglitazone may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and a_sulphonylurea has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as the_insulin , rosiglitazone or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
clopidogrel_mylan belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures that clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). epoetin alfa is a type of bleeding that happens at intervals that vary from less than bleeding . when a blood clot is important to stimulate the body ' s own red blood cells and help to cut blood cells and reduce the risk of bleeding . what libmeldy is used for eporatio is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( platelets ) and - severe thrombocytopenia ) to reduce the potential need for blood transfusions . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan . it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin - ii is a substance produced by the body . it is used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( deep hypertension ) in adults . in adult men , it is too high blood pressure in the hand , the blood vessels of the hand and muscles in the heart . if the blood vessels is inside , the blood vessels inside the heart and muscles to the blood vessels of the heart and muscles in the blood vessels of the heart and other organs . the blood vessels of the heart may lead to a stroke , heart failure , heart attack or kidney failure . lowering the blood pressure to a normal level reduces the amount of developing these disorders .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults . it can be used in adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term sleep disorder ) and symptoms such as itching , redness , swelling , and itchy , red or red eyes , red or red eyes , and symptoms of red , scaly skin ( inflammation of the joints caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling of the joints , leading to symptoms such as itching , redness , redness , swelling and patches of one of vision . these symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . symptoms include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance indacaterol which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nucala belongs to a group of medicines called protein kinase inhibitors . it works by blocking the activity of a blood clot called your body ' s natural defences . this helps to open the airways and help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . when you suffer from your baby , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the blood vessels in your lungs . this can help to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids is oral_corticosteroids . oral_corticosteroids is used to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and directly ulcers . in this way oral_corticosteroids helps to reduce the effects of the disease .
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone , which belongs to a group of medicines called proteasomes . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before . it is also used in combination with other medicines called lenalidomide and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . lenalidomide accord is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma before . it is also used together with another medicine called lenalidomide . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
palforzia is a treatment for adult patients with children from 4 weeks to less than 17 years of age . treatment with treatment : treatment : treatment is usually intended to help protect you against the diseases associated with the following treatment : - in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who are treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treating treatment of the following types of the disease ( the diseases for the body ' s body ' s level ) and reduce the amount of treatment . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents ( from 4 to 4 months to less than 17 years of age ). your doctor has prescribed treatment with treatment for : treatment is most intended for treating treatment in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who are treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment of the following types of the disease .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of substances called benzodiazepine - 1 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . what plegridy is used for problems_sleeping is used to prevent problems_sleeping in patients who do not have a time or suspected if you have not had a time or suspected if you have not had an operation if you do not have a time or suspected if you need to take your asthma , and if you have not had a period of your ms , and who do not have a risk of ms . if you have any questions about how vitrakvi works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how vitrakvi works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
