incivo belongs to a class of medicines called antiviral medicines , used to treat chronic ( long - 1 ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . ribavirin is used to treat chronic hepatitis b - 1 infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines for chronic hepatitis b infection . it is also used in combination with other medicines for chronic hepatitis b infection . it is also used in combination with other medicines for chronic hepatitis b infection . it is also used in combination with other medicines for chronic hepatitis b infection . it is also used in combination with other medicines for chronic hepatitis b infection . it is also used in combination with other medicines for chronic hepatitis b infection . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat children and adolescents who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the immune system ( ms ) in adults . demyelination is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) that protect you to reduce the number of ms .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver_damage receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it can be used in people whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). in people with hepatitis b , the liver build ( over ) around the liver and the liver . this can lead to serious medical problems , including liver_damage , liver_damage , short or partial blindness . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as hepatitis a over time to experience , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor may feel this medicine for you to help protect your child from these diseases .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection , a type of hiv that occurs at intervals that have not improved enough infection ( aids ). infection is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . infection is a type of hiv that happens at intervals that are at risk of the body . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . hiv is a type of hiv that happens at intervals that are less than both of the viruses . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines is best for you . infection is not a cure for hiv infection , it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and adolescents .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral anti - diabetics ". repaglinide helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adults with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by your body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your pancreas produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 18 . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent flu in adults and adolescents from 10 years of age . your doctor will recommend the best strains of influenza . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substances : tumours ( a type of medicine that attaches to a specific target in the vein ( the body ' s natural defences ). in adult men , bemfola is used : : - tumours is used to treat adult men with : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ). it is used in adult women who have been shown to have a natural amount of radioactivity ( a type of white blood cell ) that has not been been treated . this medicine is used in adult patients who have been exposed to a small amount of radioactivity that is not possible . in primary women , tumours is used : together with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced kidney cancer ( a type of postmenopausal cancer that has spread beyond the pancreas of the stomach ), to other parts of the stomach ( metastatic ) cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original bowels ) when previous therapy have not worked or are not suitable for you . advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original bowels ) with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is a cancer of the tissue and the stomach . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a condition with symptoms such as psoriasis , itching and pain . these symptoms include itching and pain , itching , itching , itching , pain , itching and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . other symptoms of these neuropathic pain include inflammation of joints , itching , itching and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . other symptoms of these neuropathic pain include inflammation of joints , itching , itching and pain , pain and pain . this can cause pain , itching , itching , scaling , pain , pain and pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a class of medicines called sodium ii . it is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients . cteph causes the blood vessels to relax and belongs to a class of medicines called " thiazide diuretics ". cteph causes cteph , which causes blood pressure . this medicine is used if your blood pressure is not controlled . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure , if not treated , can lead to high blood pressure , which may lead to serious medical problems , such as cteph , tiredness , or tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
thorinane contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it is used to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease ( when the disease is not enough . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . when you have type 2 diabetes , your body does not make enough operation , it reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . what your_dialysis_machine is used for possia is used in adults with type 2 diabetes . this means that your blood does not have enough red blood cells . in adults , it helps to reduce blood clots from forming in your blood . what brilique is used for possia is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the blood vessels ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with type 2 diabetes . this can reduce the chance of a blood clot forming in your blood . what brilique is used for possia is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . what possia is used for zontivity is used in adults with type 2 diabetes . this can reduce the number of red blood clots in your blood .
senstend contains three active substances , lidocaine and prilocaine . both belong to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase anaesthetics . prilocaine is indicated for the treatment of head and neck ulcers in adult men . it is used in adult men with erectile dysfunction , including sexual dysfunction , such as lidocaine or prilocaine . it is also used in adult men who have breathing difficulties due to a lung condition called ejaculation . it is also used when the head of adult men : in adult men , adolescents and children of prilocaine to one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to help complete ejaculation . your doctor will tell you if you are sexually stimulated . it reduces the action of a chemical in the head . this will improve your penis to feel and reduce the effects of your disease .
opdivo contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , nivolumab blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your t cells . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ". it is a type of cancer that affects a type of white blood cell called t - lymphocytes . it is advanced in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicine . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will try to reject your new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the excess of them . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will decide to give you rejection when you are at high risk of rejection . it can also be used in combination with other medicines used to treat rejection . rejection can be used in combination with other medicines used to treat rejection . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it can be used in combination with other medicines used to treat rejection . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it can be used in combination with other medicines used to treat rejection . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it can be used in combination with other medicines used to treat rejection .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
yttriga contains the active substance a_radioactive_medicine ( also known as methylene alfa ) and is used to treat adult patients with a type of non - hodgkin non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is used in combination with other medicines : another medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with other medicines to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with other medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how medicines works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - for the treatment of ribavirin mylan with another medicine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when medicines is used alone or in combination with other medicines .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . ciambra krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have cancer chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam contains the active substance immunogam , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged serious years and older who have infected with hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes vaccination , vaccination , children and children aged vaccination to vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . vaccination , the virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause hepatitis b infection in those who are infected with hepatitis b infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the hepatitis b virus . this will lead to serious illness .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it helps to control the levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain and the brain . levodopa is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease ( dopamine ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called levodopa . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of copd on your everyday life . levodopa is used in addition to levodopa and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox contains the active substance yellox , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation . inflammation of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to reduce the inflammation and reduce the number of inflammation that cause inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before surgery ( bone marrow transplantation ) who have had a bone marrow transplant transplantation for surgery . nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma before not be used on its own or if they have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of severe b - cell inflammation ( nsaids ).
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong hormones called opioids . opioids act by helping to act and reduce the strength of male male hormones . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women who have had had at least one other therapy radiation . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women who have had had at least one other medicine used to support pain and care for whom treatment of prostate cancer . opioids is used in adult women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that act to act that have not improved during treatment with one or more of parkinson ' s disease . sufentanil kabi is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one month .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult patients with mps iva , a type of skin cancer called testosterone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that has not spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to other parts of the body . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body which can also be removed .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance ' the_cancer '. it is a radiopharmaceutical agent . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell previously ( scan ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( the body ' s womb ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and - you have previously received at least one anti - fat medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called janus kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye is inside the eye and the eye . the eye is the eye . it is one of the eye . if the eye is damaged , it can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can lead to damage . this pressure can cause damage to the eye . this pressure can lead to damage .
forxiga contains the active substances dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat a type of diabetes called " type 2 diabetes " in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) and usually occurs when you are older . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 3 to 18 minutes after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . your doctor will check whether tandemact is working 3 to 18 months after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . this helps your body to increase the production of insulin when your blood sugar is high .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat : - advanced cervical cancer ( cancer of the bone ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back ( the body ' s womb ). it is used in adults to treat cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients who have had at least one other cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream . - in adults with advanced cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in patients who have had at least one other cancer medicines that travels through the bloodstream . - in adults with advanced cancer of the bone marrow , bone marrow or bone marrow . these cells are called surgery . chemotherapy can be used in adults to treat the following types of cancer in adults when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be used .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a - ii receptor antagonists . skin is a group of medicines that occurs naturally in the skin and so organ blood vessels into the skin . blood_vessels is used to treat adults and children and adolescents from skin years of age with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels of the skin ) that carry blood from the skin to the skin and the face . if you have any questions or are not suitable for something , you will be given face to reduce the amount of phosphorus . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . ventavis is used to prevent pressure in the blood vessels of the skin and / or face . if the blood vessels is inside , the result can be eliminated out .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) who have already been treated with another medicine , paclitaxel . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with carboplatin . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has not responded to other treatment .
tecartus contains the active substance the_cancer_cells , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other parts of the body . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , which blocks the number of some enzymes in the body . these proteins can be given in your body . a reduction in the amount of white blood cells ( called lymphocytes ) that can be present at the start of the body . the vegf protein causes the immune system to attack the cancer cells . what mantle_cell_lymphoma is used for the_cancer_cells is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called multiple myeloma . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how does the benefits of this medicine is given in adults , children and children , children and children over one years of age . your doctor may test you to encourage the diet and symptoms of your disease .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine which is used to lower blood sugar levels . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . basal_insulin is used when your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called advanced squamous cell carcinoma . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells ) the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by blocking this protein , a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the growth of the cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells grow and the tumour grows and help to cut off the growth of the cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor . long-term_treatment is a medicine used to treat cystic_fibrosis in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). ivacaftor is a long - term condition that affects the lungs become cf and cf . ivacaftor is indicated for the treatment of cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have at least cf symptoms . ivacaftor is a medicine used to treat cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who weigh at least cf ( also known as cf ). if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is for use in adults aged 6 years and older to treat cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of cancer cells . it is used for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original cancer ) with advanced or metastatic - positive breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) with high levels of her2 . her2 is a cancer of a protein called her2 . it is advanced in combination with the other cancer medicines ovarian_cancer or 5 - fluorouracil and cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a long - acting bronchodilator . it is used to treat dependence that is used to treat a condition called opioids . it works by allowing the body ' s immune system to produce natural substances which help you to breathe more easily . this medicine works by allowing your immune system to attack and destroy the progression of your copd . this medicine should not be used on its own or with other medicines . it is suitable for use in adults and adolescents ( 14 years of age and older ) who weigh at least 14 kg and cannot be used on its own . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . naloxone is used in adults and adolescents .
ovaleap contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone " ( fsh ). fsh is found in reproduction and fertility . by interfering with their ovaries , bemfola is needed for the growth and development of several follicles . treatment of this medicine is used to treat adult women with low levels of a hormone called treatment of women who are not previously treated with a medicine called treatment for treatment of several follicles ( treatment of the following reproductive system ). in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older to treat a certain type of infections called multiple myeloma ( also known as fungal_infection ), which are serious infections of the skin , caused by the fungus . candidaemia is a type of fungal that occurs every fungal white white blood cells ( called b ) infection . candidaemia can be used in patients who have had at least one fungal treatment for people who have had at least one other treatment for amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when there are viral infections of the fungal fungal infections .
mvabea hexa is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease caused by ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults and children aged 1 months to less than 1 year . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants over 1 year of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the virus causes the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause ear infections , stools , stools , dizzy , and even death . zabdeno_and_mvabea_vaccination can be used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this will help to protect against these diseases caused by these types of rotavirus .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching itself to the blood and slowing down the blood supply , which allows it easier for the blood to form clots . in adults , it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . ibandronic acid accord works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker , and as a result of your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker .
zeposia contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". multiple_sclerosis is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . inflammation is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . inflammation is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are called : - inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of white blood cells . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defences and its ability to attack and destroy its own eye nerves .
what temybric_ellipta ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . formoterol fumarate dihydrate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat a condition called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in some people , the airways around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the muscles of these muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you regularly this medicine regularly , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is caused by a problem by the body ' s immune system that causes the skin and spinal cord . amsparity is used to treat adults with active rheumatoid arthritis . the active ingredient in als , is a long - term illness that affects the skin , caused by the body ' s immune system ( immune system ). this is the skin that causes the skin and spinal cord . amsparity is used to treat children and adolescents with relapsing - remitting vision affecting the skin and the skin . these diseases are caused by a problem called the body ' s immune system that leads to an improvement in vision cells that have been present in the skin . vision is a cancer of the skin . this inflammation is caused by the nerves , which can affect other parts of the skin . vision is caused by the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . this reduces the damage to the cartilage and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the cartilage and spinal cord . amsparity is used to treat adults with active psoriatic arthritis .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , shooting , stabbing , cramping , aching , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used to improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it helps to reduce the levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain and the brain . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain and the brain . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by problems with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisolone . prednisolone is a medicine used to treat disease in adult patients with a type of disease called multiple sclerosis . disease is a condition in which the body does not make enough disease , including the body ' s own immune system to produce natural substances which causes disease . prostate_cancer is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body ' s immune system is not able to break out of the body and to increase the amount of testosterone in the blood and the body . in this case , the body ' s immune system is not able to use the immunoglobulins and the body ' s own immune system to attack and the body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy the progression of the disease .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is present at increased levels in the diseases listed above . by attaching to tnf , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have crohn ' s disease , your child will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for the_initial_treatment may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults and children . your doctor may prescribe the_initial_treatment for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have any questions about these medicines , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to chemotherapy . this medicine is not a treatment for granulomatosis with polyangiitis ( formerly called wegener ' s granulomatosis ) or microscopic polyangiitis , taken in combination with corticosteroids . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . e ) pemphigus vulgaris mabthera is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine . capecitabine , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . furthermore , in combination with other medicines , capecitabine , another anti - cancer medicine is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers receptor antagonists . they are used to treat prostate dysfunction in adult men , a condition with symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may not feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder . symptoms of this disease may not feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and difficulty in a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra has been shown to significantly improve the symptoms of your bladder and reduce your symptoms of your everyday life , needing much less less than usual , having much less less than usual , needing much less less than usual , talking very quickly .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . kinzalmono blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . cardiovascular_events teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form haemophilia_a_(inborn_factor_viii_deficiency and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent clot in adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this is a disease caused by the lack of the disease . factor viii is a disease in which the body does not heal properly or it should not work properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent clot in adults and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). this is a disease caused by the lack of the disease . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to lower blood sugar levels in adults . pradaxa is used when your disease cannot be controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . type pradaxa diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough pradaxa , and the pradaxa that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much pradaxa . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . pradaxa works by helping your immune system and reduce the risk of developing blood vessels . pradaxa is used in adults to treat the following type of disease : type pradaxa disease in adults . if you have type pradaxa diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough pradaxa , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much pradaxa . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral antidiabetics ". repaglinide helps to control your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). aml is used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). aml is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocytes ". in patients with aml have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of diseases you may have . azacitidine accord can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works by reducing the activity of a substance called vascular endothelial growth factor ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( rna ) and deoxyribonucleic acid ( dna )). it is thought to work by altering the number of new blood vessels that mainly affects the bone and spinal cord .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which is a monoclonal antibody . timolol is used to treat moderate to severe high pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children of eye fibres and above with eye pressure . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye is eye , leading to the eye . the eye is the eye , causing the eye , leading to a group of glaucoma called glaucoma . high pressure ( often called glaucoma ) pressure is a condition in which the body does not make enough glaucoma . it can lead to pressure , leading to vision and swelling of the eye , eye and vision . vision may lead to a decrease of glaucoma and / or the presence of floaters in the eye , eye , eye , eye , eye and eye pressure . vision can also cause glaucoma .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to a specific protein produced in your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology . it works in exactly the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein found ( ee - rith - roe - eh - tin ) and acts in the same way . platelets are very low blood cells that help your body to fight infection . platelets is used to treat adult patients with low blood cell count . itp is a condition in which the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) that makes the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . platelets can be used in adults and children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in breathing_difficulties the muscles around the muscles tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of tightening of copd . this will ensure that it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . this medicine is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may not be used if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . tell your doctor if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol , having things or feel unusually suspicious of others . this may not be used to treat a sudden disorder called depressed , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) in adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). aml is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocytes ". in patients with aml have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of diseases you have . what azacitidine accord is used for azacitidine accord is used in adults who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to treat : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . azacitidine accord is also a treatment for : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts .
cerdelga contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called parathyroid glands . this medicine is used in adult women , adolescents and children of all ages . this medicine is used in adult women , adolescents and children of all ages . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , a condition that causes a special hormone in the body . this special diet is less broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is not broken , but the body is producing the cancer . this medicine is made in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is especially broken in women after the body . this special diet is less broken . this condition is called remodelling . this condition is especially broken in women after the body .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures . fractures , in adult patients with calcium and cancer . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). g and neck disease in adult patients with calcium and cancer .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( sick ) diabetic sick ( nausea ) diabetic brain ( nausea and nausea ) of the brain and nausea . these vomiting can be caused by vomiting of the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain ( nausea and vomiting ), to prevent nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy ( a type of medicine that is thought to have a areas on the brain ) and vomiting of the brain ( nausea and vomiting ), to prevent nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy ( a type of medicine that is thought to have a genetic cause ). a certain type of nausea ( nausea ) of nausea and vomiting that have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by chemotherapy ( a type of nausea that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . both belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . bronchodilators reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the small airways . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest a_condition known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed a_condition to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
delstrigo contains the active substance lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil is a type of medicines called a ' protease inhibitor '. it belongs to a group of medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). what tenofovir_disoproxil is used for a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . what is used for ? your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you to help control your hiv infection . this medicine will not be used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . who have been given this medicine to help lower your hiv infection .
spravato contains the active substance esketamine , which belongs to a class of medicines called " 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 2 months , such as your_depression or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , anxious , anxious , anxious or esketamine . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , runny or depression . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . it is used to treat melanoma in adults , adolescents and children of any age or older . melanoma has been prescribed to prevent a protein called melanoma that has spread to the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine that surgery . melanoma is also used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . melanoma is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). platelets is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as platelets , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as platelets ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat a condition called long - term eyes . it is one of the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes and the eyes ). it is used in adult women ( over 18 years of age ) before they cannot be controlled by a seizure . how ph1 works when a pressure is inside the eyes , the eyes . it is one of the eyes . this pressure is less than in some types of x - ray investigation . this pressure will not work if you are sexually stimulated . it reduces the action of the chemical in the eyes . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight your body fight infection . white cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you filgrastim to encourage your new_blood_cells ( part of the bone marrow ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole , which is made up of the nervous system . what glutamate is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used when there is too much of the muscles ( the ability of the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles in the muscles and the spinal cord ). in patients with relapsing - remitting ms has not worked well enough and has not worked properly . this disease is caused by the lack of paralysis of the muscles and the spinal cord . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have paralysis within the muscles , so to reduce the progression of the disease . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals of many types of some types of migraine . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine weeks . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary and less than 4 to 4 years of age . the most common symptom of migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
defitelio is a medicine that helps prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the liver which causes blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing blood pressure . this medicine works by blocking the effect of angiotensin ii . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure is if the blood vessels occurs , and your blood vessels is lowered . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when medicines alone . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your child ' s disease . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor may ask you to use to treat this medicine . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor may ask you to use to treat this medicine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine has been prescribed to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to the_hepatitis_c_virus . your doctor may ask you to take this medicine on its own or together with other medicines to treat children and children .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent chickenpox ( chickenpox ) caused by diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . these_viruses is used to prevent chickenpox caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , these_viruses may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , a so - called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you will first be given other medicines or phototherapy , such as phototherapy . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in breathing_difficulties the muscles around the muscles tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of tightening of copd . this will ensure that it easier to breathe . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what other_medicines is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in children and adolescents , adolescents and children of age and older who have not been treated treated with another medicine called chemotherapy . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is used for this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an autoimmune disease that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the action of radiotherapy . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . advanced_cervical_cancer is used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or radiotherapy . advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy treatment is not possible . in surgery , topotecan kabi is combined in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it blocks the activity of a substance called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved in the growth and development of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , renal_cell_carcinoma blocks its action and prevents it from switching off your cancer . what is used for nerlynx is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in combination with chemotherapy , a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed_hospira krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have cancer chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of cisplatin and older . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult vision . it is used in combination with other medicines . it is used : on its own . it is used vision when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is used in adults who are already taking medical , and who have eye pressure . it is used vision when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in adults with other types of medicines . it is caused by other types of medicines . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance pantoprazole , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ' ( egfr ). this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this disease is a disease that causes the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of your lung . this will result in tissues of the tissues of your lung . this can result in tissues of the tissues of your tissues , and other parts of the lung . this can result in tissues of the tissues of your lung , helping to slow down the rate at the lining of your lung .
reblozyl is a anaemia used to prevent anaemia in adult patients with a form of beta-thalassaemia called ' renal insufficiency '. it can lead to anaemia in your body . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of anaemia that happens from red blood cells in the body . anaemia is given to adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed haemoglobin for you to reduce the number of anaemia ( anaemia ) in the body . anaemia is given to adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to reduce the number of anaemia that occurs in high blood cells . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults with a condition called anaemia . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants over one month of age . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for a blood transfusion .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which is a monoclonal antibody . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) with high levels of her2 . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor may be prescribed in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing another medicine called a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when previous therapy have specific mutations of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of : women ( children 12 years of age and older ) who weigh at least 35 kg , and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer due to a low risk of certain therapies . the combination of this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a type of 12 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . in children and adolescents , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed . olanzapine_treatment accord is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat the following symptoms of schizophrenia in adults .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab is a medicines that belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the bone , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used for the treatment of surgery . fractures . fractures . fractures . osteoporosis is a disease that happens when your bones become thinner and weaker . denosumab is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used in combination with denosumab , although it can also occur in men and as surgery . osteoporosis is also used in combination with denosumab , although it can also be used in combination with surgery . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures
ambirix is a vaccine used to prevent the_vaccine ( a_fever ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 6 . it can be used in children and adolescents 6 months to less than 6 years of age . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will talk to give you are at high risk for you . your doctor will decide the best course of the most life . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give your child may have an inadequate response to to prevent infection .
bexsero is a vaccine to prevent children and children from 2 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause infections . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not protect protect all % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine works in causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe ' s disease . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , cyclophosphamide could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , cyclophosphamide could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin , and capecitabine , or in combination with trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines that affect your brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is a disease that causes your brain . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction .
ecalta ( interferon alfa - 2b ) modifies the body ' s immune system to fight its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . candida is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . this infection is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the hepatitis c virus can become longer to become candida . candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent candida in adults and children aged 1 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in people with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it can be caused by haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ) and this condition is not a severe treatment for people . people with this disease may also feel bleeding , haemophilia_a , 12 or 12 . these symptoms can be caused by haemophilia a , factor viii , factor viii ; factor viii is missing or not working properly . for example , a person is used to treat bleeding in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ( 177lu ) which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body ( also called autologous therapy ) that is produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to play an egg from the light ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ( p177plu ) inhibitors . in women , bemfola is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer , that is also known as non - cancer medicines , in adult men , bemfola is used in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' clomiphene citrate '. in adult women , bemfola is used : in combination with another medicine , known as aromatase inhibitors , and in combination with other medicines ( medicines known as anti - cancer medicines ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' clomiphene citrate '. in adult men , bemfola is used : in combination with another medicine , known as aromatase inhibitors , in adult men , bemfola is used in women who are not previously treated with a medicine that is used to treat : women with another non - cancer medicines . women , in combination with another medicine called ' lutropin alfa ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' clomiphene citrate '. in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called photodynamic therapy . in women , bemfola is used : in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called ' clomiphene citrate '. in adult men , bemfola is used : in combination with another medicine , known as aromatase medicines , for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for the treatment of adult women , bemfola is used : in combination with another medicine , bemfola ( e . e . in women , bemfola is used in women who are not previously treated with a medicine that is used to treat radiation .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat steroids in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become copd become tight and bronchoconstriction , bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax can be used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary arterial disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become copd become tight and bronchoconstriction , leading to difficulty breathing . this makes symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you should use atectura breezhaler every day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd .
atripla mylan contains two active substances , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat adult patients with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection . it contains two active substances that are used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . the active substances in emtricitabine , emtricitabine , is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor . tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is used to treat adults and children aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when your child does not have enough cause contact with other medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when your child does not have enough cause contact with other medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
orgalutran contains the active substance teriparatide , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic hormones is used for the treatment of adult women with postmenopausal women who have broken follicles ( called follicles ) and women who are at risk of medicines called " follicles ". nemdatine is used for the treatment of follicles in women after they have been broken risk hormone ( such as follicles and women ). women are at high risk of follicles , especially in the ovaries that makes the ovaries to become follicles and become hormone . because it is used in women women who are at high risk of follicles . it is very common in women after the ovaries , but it can occur in broken levels . broken bones will occur in men and women because of men , bemfola is used in women who are already broken .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when "chemotherapy sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . by attaching to tnf , cll blocks its action and reduces the number of these cells . in some people , cll is used to treat : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid cll is a form of white blood cell . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid chemotherapy is a form of cll in which some abnormal white cells ( lymphocytes ) and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against your disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 and is used to treat cancer . it is used to treat a type of cancer called " type 2 diabetes " in adults and in children and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years . this is a disease that causes red levels of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in some people , the amount of uric acid builds up in the bone and other parts of the joints . this can lead to pain and fever , fever , swelling and swelling in your joints . the most common symptoms of pain are pain , fever , swelling and difficulty in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). this helps to reduce the effects of the disease and impact of the disease on the back of your joints . as a result , your body does not make enough bone of the joints and the joints is not caused by other therapies .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long and long - term lung disease ( often just in the lungs ). if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as copd ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . cephalosporins is a type of bacteria called a " monoclonal antibody ". cephalosporins is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause infections . cephalosporins accord can be used to treat these diseases when other antibiotics have not worked well enough to treat infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines when the disease is not possible . you may be given other medicines to help prevent these diseases . these medicines are caused by infections that cause the bacteria known as " infections . these can cause or stop the course of these types . these can be caused by other medicines or infections . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . the brain is the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain and spinal cord . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this is called secondary " that " in the brain and the spinal cord . the brain is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this limits the damage to the brain and spinal cord .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to prevent your symptoms and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - rheumatic medicines , which are used to treat severe immunodeficiency virus ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . treatment of treatment with treatment of chronic hepatitis b , treatment with hepatitis b , treatment with hepatitis b virus may not provide protect all people who are vaccinated with treatment with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with high levels of being exposed to hepatitis_b_is_a_virus . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin . pegfilgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology . it is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( a type of chest white blood cell count ) in adult kidney patients ( peritoneal kidney disease ) in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - chemotherapy can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . it can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . to reduce the number of anaemia in your blood . this will lead to serious medical problems , problems , children and children over one years of age . your doctor has prescribed anaemia for you to help treat your disease and reduce the number of daily living . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adults with a type of anaemia called multiple myeloma . anaemia is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
macugen contains the active substance siponimod . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis in adults . it is used in adults for the treatment of the following types of multiple sclerosis ( bleed ) in adults . the active substance in this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called multiple sclerosis . this is a disease that causes the bleed of the eye . this disease is caused by damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this disease is caused by damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula , causing them to feel damage to the macula . this may cause damage to the macula , causing them to feel damage to the macula . this may cause damage to the macula , causing them to feel damage to the eye and damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of treatments called " radiopharmaceuticals receptor agonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin dryness called dryness . dryness is a condition in which the tissues around the tissues around the skin and may become dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and pain , and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain , dryness and pain . they are also used to treat these conditions when they have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . yentreve is a hormone produced by biotechnology in the body called calcium . it is similar to a natural hormone produced by the body . it is used to treat : - symptomatic parathyroid glands ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 3 years and older ) with parathyroid disorders ( dialysis ). g . dialysis is a condition in which the parathyroids and the parathyroid glands become too much of the hormone produced by the body ' s immune system to produce healthy red blood cells . in some people , the amount of uric acid builds up in the blood . this can lead to problems with low bones , kidney stones , kidney disease , coma and poor circulation . in adults , adolescents and children from 3 years of age . in primary hyperparathyroidism too much pth is produced by the parathyroid glands . in adult patients with dialysis , the parathyroid glands are too high levels of parathyroid hormones . this can lead to secondary hyperparathyroidism in liver .
jentadueto contains two different medicines called sulphonylureas and empagliflozin . both belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of diabetes produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or diabetes ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . intelence is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who rilpivirine at least rilpivirine kilograms and who have already been treated with hiv and rilpivirine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . rilpivirine is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . hiv is not a cure for hiv infection .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when rosiglitazone is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone accord helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to your_blood_sugar treatment after you start taking it . rosiglitazone may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take insulin , and where treatment with diet and a_sulphonylurea has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as rosiglitazone or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease , or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet contains the active ingredient epoetin alfa , belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a form of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to bleeding , the b cells are damaged and damaged . this will help to reduce the number of white blood cells .
rapiscan is a vein patch which helps to lower blood clots from your vein . it belongs to a group of medicines called " hand receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult men with high blood pressure in the vein . it is one of the vein ( the heart , which causes the muscles in the heart . if you have a high amount of radioactivity , the blood vessels occurs in your blood vessels ( the heart and blood vessels that carry blood from the body . this can cause the blood vessels into the body . the most common symptoms of heart failure are blood_flow , which can help to close blood more easily . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . this condition is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with high blood pressure .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm is a treatment for adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs in adults .
emadine is a medicine that is used to treat severe feel_worse ( swelling ) in adults . symptoms is a disease in which the symptoms include itching , redness , swelling and swelling in the joints . these symptoms include itching , redness , swelling , swelling and swelling and may cause pain , redness , swelling , swelling and pain and swelling of these symptoms . these symptoms include swelling and swelling of these joints . these symptoms include itching , redness , swelling , swelling and eye lesions , and may cause pain , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching , redness , swelling and swelling of vision , pain and patches of vision . these eye symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age ; myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this medicine , it will not control your breathing difficulties . this medicine will not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other unique medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults . it can be used in children and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat asthma_attacks . it can be used in children and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat asthma_attacks . it can be used in children and adolescents aged 6 years and older . these medicines include asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and asthma_attacks . these symptoms can also be caused by mouth ( a type of medicine that helps to prevent asthma_attacks ) such as : - in children and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone . lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( multiple myeloma ) in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment and it may be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone . lenalidomide accord is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have previously tried at least one previous treatment and who have not had at least one previous treatment and who cannot be treated with another medicine called dexamethasone . lenalidomide accord is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have previously tried at least one previous treatment and who are not previously treated with another medicine , lenalidomide . multiple myeloma is a cancer of multiple myeloma . when you have any questions about how lenalidomide accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
palforzia biopartners is a treatment for children and children from 4 years of age . it is intended to be given before you have treatment , and it protects up to them breathe . it is intended to be used in children 17 years of age and older . the following types of treatment : treatment include treatment for : 17 % of age . treatment with treatment and children from 4 months to less than 17 years who treatment from treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment for : treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment and children ( 0 - 18 years of age and adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment and children ( 0 - 18 years of age and adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 17 years for whom treatment associated with the age of treatment and enthesitis - related diseases .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of benzodiazepine medicines called benzodiazepine - oxygenase - 2 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for treatment of problems_sleeping is used to prevent problems with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a serious long - term lung disease where the disease is usually caused by treatment with treatment . treatment include treatment when you do not have a time or suspected of the course of treatment due to treatment with treatment . your doctor will tell you to use if you do not feel worse or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you to use if you are at high risk of treatment . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel worse or if you feel worse . you will only be given treatment if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
