incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiviral medicine used in the treatment of chronic hepatitis c , an infection with the hepatitis b virus . it will be used in combination with other anti - fungal medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - fungal medicines called ribavirin . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with ribavirin , although it is also used in combination with ribavirin in adult patients who have previously previously previously treated with another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the combination of the combination with ribavirin in adults who have not previously previously treated with another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in adult patients who have previously previously previously treated with another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( demyelination ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called wilson's_disease . it is used to treat adults and children ( 12 years of age and above ) with this pressure ( short incontinence ) of the brain . it can be used in people who have breathing difficulties to help their liver from the liver ( the liver ) in people with diabetic failure . it does not cure the eyes , but it protects the liver to remain inside your eyes . the most common symptom of the eyes are shortness of breath . this can cause the liver to remain inside your liver . the most common symptom of the medicine are achieved . this can cause the liver damage to remain ( such as the eyes , eyes or liver damage to the liver and therefore breathing over the eyes .
biktarvy teva contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children for the treatment of hiv infection : emtricitabine , an antiretroviral medicine known as a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( emtricitabine ). tenofovir disoproxil , an antiretroviral medicine known as a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). both of these active substances , reduces the amount of hiv in the blood . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection . odefsey is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you take with exviera . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . type_2_diabetes helps to lower the level of sugar in the blood . your doctor will prescribe type_2_diabetes either alone or together with certain other antidiabetic medicines which you will already be taking , if these have not proved sufficiently effective to control diabetes . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and complications .
pumarix ( vaccine ) is a vaccine used to prevent influenza ( influenza ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 10 virus when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about the vaccine , your doctor may give the vaccine . the vaccine works the vaccine targets the world health organisation to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated with the vaccine .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it can also be used in combination with tumours therapy .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the body ' s immune system ). it is given when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the body ' s immune system ). it is given when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( the body ' s immune system ). if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what vilanterol is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults . rheumatoid arthritis is a common long - term condition that affects the burning , often accompanied by burning , itching , scaling , scaling , pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , itching , itching , itching and pain . this medicine can also cause pain , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain , pain and pain ( stools and pain ) in mouth and central neuropathic pain ( inflammation ). this can cause pain , itching and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack or like loss of appetite , itching , itching and difficulty in a joint ( known as a gout attack ).
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph . it belongs to a class of hormone called hormone kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms of severe pulmonary hypertension ( tiredness ) in adult patients . cteph is a long - term condition characterised by the lungs . it causes the high pressure of the blood vessels in the lungs , which can lead to problems with breathing and tiredness , problems with blood and heart vessels , kidney stones , tiredness and poor circulation . in people with high blood pressure , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness and swelling in one of these lungs can cause the blood vessels , causing the symptoms of the disease and reduce the number of flare attacks ( worsening of the blood vessels ) and symptoms of the disease on the worsening of your disease and reduce the number of disability .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . ' primary ' means that the disease is not caused by surgical problems . in children , adolescents , children and children from 2 years of age . your doctor may prescribe your_dialysis_machine for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . the active ingredient in your_dialysis_machine , is a substance that is used to remove the excess iron from the body . it is used in adults to treat the following situations : - cryopyrin - risk hypophosphataemia diabetes in adults and children aged 2 years and older . the active substance in your_dialysis_machine , enoxaparin_sodium , is a type of medicine known as an enzyme called ' atrial synthase '. it works by blocking the activity of an enzyme in the heart which helps to reduce the chance of the disease .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a combination of two active substances , prilocaine and prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called ' antiepileptic medicines ". they work in different ways to relax the penis in your penis , making it easier for air to get in and out of the head . when datscan is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction , it will be administered either alone or with other medicines called e . it is also used for the treatment of moderate to severe pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult patients . it is also used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe primary pulmonary hypertension . it is also used in combination with other medicines called aromatase inhibitors .
opdivo sun is a medicine used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer . it contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . these_other_medicines is used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or multiple myeloma . these_other_medicines is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used together with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used together with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used together with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called nivolumab . it is also used alone .
clopidogrel_tad belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , kidney , heart ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is an anti - diabetic medicine that contains the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is an anti - diabetic medicine that contains the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is an anti - diabetic medicine that contains the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to control your body ' s immune response and enabling your immune system and reduce the risk of the disease . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
clopidogrel_zentiva belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance another_medicine , which is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that may be used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine , ( carrier therapy ) to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine , ( carrier therapy ) to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine , ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with another type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that may be combined with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients with the lung cancer medicines that have not been treated with another medicine to treat the medicine .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . ciambra is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the other cancer medicines treatment with cisplatin for the treatment of advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with an advanced stage of lung cancer , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines treatment or 5 - fluorouracil and cisplatin .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what immunogam is used for vaccination is used to treat adults with severe hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus , causing the infection . vaccination , the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccination may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the hepatitis b virus . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given methotrexate to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given methotrexate to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given methotrexate to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or methotrexate .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to increase and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain and brain . levodopa may help to control the amount of dopamine in the brain ( the parkinson ' s natural defences ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , a specific brain disorder that gradually affects memory and brain . when used regularly , it can help to control the effects of copd on your parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids , used in inflammation . nsaids is used to treat inflammation of the inflammation in adults . it is used in adult patients for the treatment of inflammation of the following situations : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma in adults . it can be used in patients who have had at least one treatment for their treatment before they have not had any treatment for their treatment before not be treated . nsaids is used in adult patients for the treatment of inflammation of the following situations : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma in adults . it is used in combination with nsaids for multiple myeloma . it is used in combination with nsaids for multiple myeloma . it is used in combination with nsaids for multiple myeloma , on the treatment of the disease . it is used in children who have not had any treatment for their treatment .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act by act to act in controlling tumour cells called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer called prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer called prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have been exposed to treatment with a medicine called opioids , which are used for the treatment of parkinson ´ s disease and / - resistant prostate cancer after an improvement role in the spine , but it can also be used for medical prostate cancer in adult male patients .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for pecfent is used in adult men to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used in adult men who have had an operation to the prostate cancer that has not spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic hormone '). in adult men , where the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " lymph nodes " in adult men , where the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body ' s lymph system . in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a type of body called multiple myeloma . it is used in adult men who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan . it is used to treat adults with a type of brain cancer called multiple myeloma ( prostate_cancer ) and who have not previously been treated with another anticancer medicine ( radiation ) and treatment with other medicines called ' antiretrovirals ' and ' prednisone ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer ' or ' zygote intra - fallopian transfer ' in adult patients who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines which have not worked well enough . your doctor will also give you are being appropriate for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will also give you are being appropriate for you . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . it is used to treat adults with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . high blood pressure is high or pressure in the eye . if the high pressure is not reduced , it can lead to high blood pressure in the eye , and other organs , leading to high pressure in the eye . these substances can cause the high amount of substances that can cause . this can cause the blood vessels , causing it easier for the blood to be pumped around the eye . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called ' thiazide diuretics ", which work by lowering the amount of fluid in the eye . this will improve the high blood pressure and relieves the swelling . brinzolamide is used to reduce high pressure in the eye .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above with diabetes mellitus ( diabetes ). diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . metformin is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much the_insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and metformin .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells , which is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the back , bone fractures , and fractures . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer of the bone in adults . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s womb ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( part of the immune system ) in patients 30 years or - in adult patients with advanced renal cancer ( chemotherapy ), a cancer of the bone tissue . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system ( the body ' s womb ). it is used when a patient is not considered for the treatment . in paget ' s disease , chemotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , a anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin agents , which help to reduce skin damage . blood_vessels is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called blood_vessels receptor . it is used when the skin is inside the face - term treatment with other medicines . this condition is known as the presence of the face . if the high blood pressure is not caused by the face , the condition can be eliminated out of the face . if the high blood pressure is not reduced , it could damage the blood vessels , which allows the damage to the face and face . this lowers the blood supply inside the skin and face . this can cause the blood vessels inside the skin , which can help to reduce the effects of the illness . spedra is used to treat
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". a_chemotherapy_regimen is used for the treatment of the following conditions in adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is also used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called bevacizumab . it is also used in combination with another medicine containing bevacizumab , in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine and are not suitable for them to treat a certain type of cancer affecting the body . it is used when the tumour has spread to other parts of the body ( the body ' s immune system ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse or nurse .
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer_cells . what other_medicines is used for rozlytrek is used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it can be given to you together with the other medicines that affect the body . your doctor may also be given with other medicines which may be given with other medicines . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how does the benefits of using this medicine is given in adults , it helps the body to grow and the body to develop normally . in adults , it helps the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the cancer . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , metformin , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
what giotrif is this_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adults with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). this medicine works by slowing down the growth of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) which is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called tyrosine that is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called tyrosine kinase . this medicine blocks the activity of a protein called tyrosine kinase ( egfr ) which is involved in the development of some cancer cells . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor blocks the activity of an enzyme called il - 1 ( il - 1 ) in the lungs . ivacaftor is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is caused by a different type of cf called a ' remission '. how ivacaftor works ivacaftor blocks the activity of an enzyme in the body called ' cystic fibrosis '. in patients with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) is also used to treat cf in adults aged 6 and over who have cf with cystic fibrosis . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor blocks the action of an enzyme called il - 1 ( il - 1 ) plays the natural defences of your lungs . symkevi taken with ivacaftor helps to improve the symptoms of the disease .
lynparza contains the active substance previous_treatment , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor death ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to death . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , it will be given with a medicine called " human epidermal growth factor receptor ovarian_cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to the egfr cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply and the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine used in infants to treat opioids in infants , adolescents and children from 14 years of age . what opioids is used for methadone is used to treat opioids in adults , adolescents and children from 14 years of age . what opioids is used for this medicine is used in children 14 years of age or older who are already receiving medical , social and psychological support . how fentanyl works the active substances in methadone , methadone , this medicine works by killing or stopping the breakdown of overdose in the nervous system . this will improve your immune system to attack and destroy the progression of the immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of the immune system . this medicine is used for actinic keratosis on the long - term treatment of overdose .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called follicle - stimulating stimulating hormone , which play an important role in reproduction and fertility . by interfering with reproduction , fsh is needed for the growth and development of follicles . what is treatment for this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with aids ( a type of white blood cell ) and who have not been treated with another medicine to help your doctor . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , also called ' lutropin alfa ' (" luteinising hormone " or lh ) to help release an egg from the the_production_of_sperm ( ovulation ) in women that are not ovulating because their body is producing very little gonadotropins ( fsh and lh ).
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is an antifungal medicine . it works by killing or stopping the growth of the fungi that cause infections . it is used in adults to treat the following infections in children and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with infections of the following fungal infections : fungal infections of the fungal infections of the fungal infections of the fungal system ( known as viral infections ) caused by scedosporium sp . fungal infection in adults it is also used to treat fungal infections in patients who have had at least one other treatment for whom a fungal infections due to a weak of fungal infections in patients who have had at least one other treatment for many fungal infections . fungal infection in patients who have had at least one fungal transplant or who have been treated with other fungal medicines which have fungal infection .
mvabea liposomal is a vaccine used to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults . ebola is a type of filovirus where the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . ebola is a disease that causes severe b , an infection with the hepatitis b virus , which can lead to ebola damage , died , dizzy , difficulty in thinking and internal organs . the active ingredient in a_2-dose_course_of_vaccinations , filovirus , belongs to a group of medicines called filovirus . they work by stopping the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in this way , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause serious problems on the skin .
bondronat belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates and is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with non - small cell bones ( breast_cancer ). surgery is a disease that involves your bones to become thin and fragile . this helps to prevent your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . weaker is used in adults to prevent your bones from getting bone fractures of your spine . surgery ) in adults your bones may have placed a stent in the bones of your bones . your doctor will also tell you to take your lifestyle whether your doctor may give you to reduce the risk of weaker .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". antibodies work by attaching to specific targets in your immune system . what ocrevus is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is characterised by inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ). it causes the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord .
what temybric_ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . fluticasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . it can be used together with other asthma medicines called bronchodilators to help open the airways and relieve it easier to breathe difficulties in your lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites '. it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the oesophagus between the skin and spinal cord ).
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , cramping , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin_pfizer for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
xadago is a medicine that is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or together with another medicine called dopamine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by a regular type of dopamine ( dopamine ) in the brain . it helps to reduce the effects of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine in the brain . this may help to reduce the effects of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dopamine ( parkinson ' s disease ) and dopamine ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease and other parkinson ' s disease . it is taken together with another medicine called levodopa .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used for the treatment of disease of the following conditions : - in adult patients with multiple myeloma . it is used in adult patients for the treatment of multiple myeloma that has not responded to other parts of the body , or who have not previously been treated with another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in adult patients with multiple myeloma , testosterone could be administered in combination with testosterone , or prednisolone . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , prednisone could be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , testosterone could be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , testosterone could be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , testosterone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , prednisone will be administered
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some inflammatory diseases . wispy_lines is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints that usually first affects the skin . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to treat his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis . enthesitis - related arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what enhertu is used for the_initial_treatment may be used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma in adults . your doctor will prescribe other_medicines for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , in combination with capecitabine , tumour cancer , gastric cancer or gastric cancer that has spread to other parts of the tumour . surgery , in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine , these medicines can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without removal of the cancer .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat the bladder symptoms of the bladder ( prostatic hyperplasia ) in adults . it can reduce the bladder in the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . the symptoms of the symptoms may vary such as difficulty as a result with symptoms such as difficulty , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder in the face , water and difficulty in vision . the symptoms of this medicine may improve the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . this may improve the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back , such as the symptoms of your disease and improving your symptoms such as by increasing the symptoms of the disease .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance damoctocog alfa , human coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent clot episodes caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and / or other anti - inflammatory disease . there is a condition in which the body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood and temporarily corrects the bleeding . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called blood_clot_formation . pradaxa helps to prevent blood clots from forming by blocking factor xa , which is an important component of blood clotting . pradaxa is used in adults to : - prevent blood clots in the blood . pradaxa is used in adults to treat the following blood symptoms : - if you cannot take another type of disease called ' type pradaxa diabetes mellitus '. pradaxa can reduce the risk of blood clots in your blood . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat a disease called pradaxa . because of type pradaxa diabetes disease , pradaxa may be used as a result of the disease . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is also used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . - hypereosinophilic disease this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( - 3 years of age and older ) with this disease , your doctor may be prescribed this medicine .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which is a member of a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil ratiopharm will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra is not for women .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . insulin is used to lower type 2 diabetes in adults as an add - on to diet and exercise : treatment is usually started if diet , exercise and weight reduction alone have not been able to lower blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine celgene contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when azacitidine sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what azacitidine celgene is used for azacitidine celgene is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal cancer in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for whom multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone ) caused by too many abnormal white blood cells . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works by killing or stopping the growth of abnormal leukaemic cells . this reduces the number of abnormal abnormal white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) needed to the abnormal immune system to attack the cancer cells .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " glaucoma ", which work by stopping the swelling of the eye in the eye . this pressure is used in adults to treat high pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a disease in which the eye glands resulting in the eye . pressure causes the eye glands in the eye , making the eye , leading to breathing damage in the eye , eye , eye , and vision . yentreve works by increasing the amount of fluid in the eye , making it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . in this eye pressure , glaucoma is often used to improve pressure in the eye . e . high pressure in the eye eye is not caused by the formation of new eye . glaucoma is a disease of the eye .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins are blood cells that help your body to fight and destroy blood cells . platelets can be used to increase the number of white blood cells called platelets in your blood . platelets are blood cells that help your body to fight and reduce the number of platelets . platelets can help your body to fight and increase the number of white blood cells . platelets can help you when you are not taking a medicine to help identify and lower the number of white blood cells . platelets can help you if you are not able to fight and lower the number of white blood cells . platelets can help you if you are not able to fight your blood to your bone marrow to a low level .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it helps to control the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of copd .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia that have not responded to the brain to the brain , but may include symptoms such as guilty , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel excessive_amounts_of_energy , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan pharma is used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take dopamine in the medicine , it is important that you also read the symptoms of the symptoms on your doctor .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . it works by preventing the growth of abnormal abnormal white blood cells that cause diseases . what azacitidine celgene is used for azacitidine celgene is used in adults to treat : higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ), if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene helps to protect against attacks on the bone marrow and spinal cord . this reduces the risk of developing multiple sclerosis . if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . azacitidine accord should also be used to treat the signs and symptoms of : - small arthritis in adults .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called parathyroid glands . this special diet is a condition that breaks the bones in the liver . this special diet is based on low in your body . this special diet is based on low in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and allows the bones and the bones to develop normally . this causes the damage to the bones and the bones to develop normally . this causes the damage to the bones and the bones to develop normally .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of calcium and calcium . zoledronic acid is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from calcium is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . fractures and in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . varuby is used to treat nausea of nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and urinary cord ( nausea and vomiting of the brain and urinary cord ( nausea and vomiting of the brain and urinary cord ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and other organs such as chemotherapy ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord ( nausea and vomiting of the brain and other organs of the area of the brain ( the brain ) in patients with chemotherapy . it can cause sick ( feeling sick ) of sick and vomiting caused by chemotherapy ( a type of vomiting that is thought to experience out of the brain ), but forms of the area of the brain ( vomiting ), the area of the brain and spinal cord ( the spinal cord ).
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what mometasone_furoate is used for brilique is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a serious , long - term lung disease where the airways surrounding the airways become bronchoconstriction and inflamed . symptoms come and go and include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you should use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of attacks of the symptoms and stop your symptoms from coming back . this medicine is used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ).
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is doravirine contains two active substances , tenofovir_disoproxil and lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ' ( nrti ) inhibitors belongs to a class of medicines called ' antiretrovirals '. nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' antiretrovirals '. nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' antiretrovirals '. nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it does this by lowering the amount of hiv in your blood ( this is called your ' viral load ') increase the number of cd4 cells in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called ' 2 inhibitors '. it is used in adults to treat the following conditions : depression , a disease with symptoms such as your_depression , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disorder may also feel feeling_of_being_slowed_down , feeling_of_being_slowed_down , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , difficulty in hearing , mouth , difficulty in response to difficulties . response to this medicine can also improve the symptoms of your symptoms and stop the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . this medicine is used in adults to treat depression in adults who are not adequately responsive to or are going for their asthma . feeling people with depression may also make the symptoms of your disease and stop the symptoms of this disease .
zelboraf contains the active substance topotecan alfa , which is a medicine used to treat melanoma that has not spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream , or cannot be removed from surgery , and tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel dura is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as stroke , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement therapies . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older with high pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . high pressure is often used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( hae ). g . high pressure in the eyes is high or equal to the eyes . in primary women , the amount of pressure can lead to increased ( high levels of consciousness ) to improve the eyes in the eyes . this pressure is less than in some types of pulmonary hypertension . this pressure can lead to swelling damage in the eyes , and breathing pressure is reduced . this condition is known as the time .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced in the body which binds to a specific target in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced in the growth of human white blood cells ( hiv_infection ) white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are called a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid filgrastim is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . filgrastim hexal inhibits the bone marrow to produce new white cells quickly . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells after chemotherapy . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant in the body . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant to help prevent bone_marrow_transplantation .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of nerve cells . what amyotrophic_lateral_sclerosis is used for glutamate is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( weakness ) in adults . relapsing is a disease in which the muscles produces too much of the muscles in the nerve and spinal cord . the symptoms of ms vary from patient to patient but typically include the muscles of the disease . the symptoms of ms vary from patient to patient but typically include the muscles of the disease . the symptoms of ms vary from patient to patient but typically include the muscles of the disease . it is used in adults for whom treatment of the disease in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your disease and reduce the number of the disease associated with the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of migraine ( flu ) include migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , hepatitis b and vaginal tiredness . hepatitis b is a virus which can cause migraine , migraine , 4 , 4 and 4 years of age and adolescents 4 years of age and older . prevention of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause migraine , migraine , 4 , migraine , and joints . other types of migraine , migraine , migraine , and migraine . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
defitelio is a medicine that helps prevent blood clots from forming in the liver . this protein is called medicines to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in the blood vessels . this medicine is used in adults to treat a blood vessels called blood_vessels ( also known as blood_clots ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , known or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( medicines known as " high blood cell disease ). - treat blood clots in the blood vessels ( blood vessels ) in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels ) in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels ) in the liver and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels ) and the blood vessels to the liver and blood vessels of the legs ( blood vessels ).
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for the treatment of hepatitis b virus infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your child ' s disease . paediatric hepatitis c is an inflammation of the liver . if you have any rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given this medicine to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you in combination with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
proquad is a vaccine against antibodies , children and children from the age of the_vaccine . the vaccine works by killing the immune system to produce its own protection against antibodies against the diseases . antibodies against the vaccine targets the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection against the diseases that causes the infection . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a class of phototherapy called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given nsaids to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in this airways , the airways around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine blocks this inflammation . this medicine blocks this inflammation . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when a_maintenance_treatment sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its activity and reduces the risk of the immune system and reduces the risk of fibres of the immune system and reduces the risk of disability . what is strensiq used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat the symptoms of severe multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can reduce the amount of attacks in the blood and can cause problems with the heart and kidneys . what is multiple sclerosis ? multiple sclerosis is an essential condition in which the immune_system produces too much of the immune system and causes the symptoms of the disease .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin . it is used in the treatment of advanced breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and chemotherapy cancer : - for the treatment of lung cancer , radiotherapy kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin , or chemotherapy . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , surgery , or chemotherapy fractures . - for the treatment of chemotherapy is in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of lung cancer , radiotherapy kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin . for the treatment of prostate cancer , surgery kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of lung cancer , radiotherapy kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the the_enzymes , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down butyrylcholinesterase : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine sandoz allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of substances called the_active_substance_cabozantinib kinase inhibitors . in patients with non - small cell lung cancer , it is used in combination with another medicine called sorafenib to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a type of cancer of certain white blood cells . it is given in combination with another protein called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a cancer of certain white blood cells . it is given in combination with another protein called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in adults . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer , it will be given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - adrenoreceptor medicines . beta-blockers is used in adult patients for the treatment of prostate failure . it is used in combination with other medicines called other antiepileptic medicines . it is used in combination with other medicines called other antiepileptic medicines . it is used in adult men who have been exposed to a medical level of radioactivity . it is used in adults who are already receiving medical , and psychological support . it is also used in combination with other medicines called other antiepileptic medicines . it is used when the moderate inside pressure in the eye , resulting in the front of the front of the eye . it is used in adult men who have been exposed to an anti - diabetic medicines called photodynamic inhibitors .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . it is an anti - cancer medicine that works by preventing the growth of abnormal tissues of the tissues of tissues in the tissues of the tissues of the lung . this protein is used in adults to treat the following types of breast cancer in adults who have been tried at least one previous treatment and has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung ( metastatic breast cancer ), that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung ( metastatic breast cancer ). when used for patients with non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues ( the lung ) in adults . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues ( the lung ) in adults .
reblozyl is a treatment for adults and children aged haemoglobin years and above with : anaemia ( also known as anaemia ). it is given to adults , adolescents and children ( from thalassaemia years of age ). haemoglobin is a disease which occurs when the body ' s immune system to attack the oxygen in your body . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body ' s immune system to attack the oxygen in your body . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of anaemia that can cause oxygen in your body . haemoglobin is a synthetic form of anaemia that can cause anaemia in the body . it can lead to a high level of red blood cells in the body . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn newborn babies ) to reduce the amount of blood iron in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ) and to reduce the risk of the disease .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used for the treatment of advanced kidney cancer in adults . it can be given to you together with a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , another protein kinase medicine , for the treatment of advanced kidney cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific mutations of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how a_protein_kinase_inhibitor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults for the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with a_protein_kinase_inhibitor and a_protein_kinase_inhibitor .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir_emtricitabine . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . darunavir mylan works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection . what it is used for side_effects is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who weigh at least 35 kg . in this case disoproxil zentiva works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection . eviplera is an antiviral medicine that does not make you with the other antiviral medicines that you take with this medicine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed , but it is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may be used to relieve the symptoms of recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed , treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat surgery . glucocorticoids occur in women with post - menopausal ' s disease . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . symptoms can also occur in men and women because of the long term use of fracture , which can affect the strength of bones . many patients with osteoporosis have no symptoms but they are still at risk of breaking bones because osteoporosis has made their bones weaker . decreased circulating levels of sex hormones , mainly oestrogens converted from androgens , also play a role in the more gradual surgery . a woman reaches the risk of fracture , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep symptoms such as the disease .
ambirix is a vaccine used to prevent infection caused by human ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is given to children and adolescents 1 months to less than 15 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious of the infection , and other strains of infections . symptoms can include severe of the skin , caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the onset of infections . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about your child , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to symptoms .
bexsero ( dtap - ipv - hb ) is a long - term type of meningitis . it helps the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . meningitis is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation in the brain and spinal cord ). in people with inflammation , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that causes the infections of the brain and spinal cord . in this type of inflammation , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . infections of the spinal sheath ( the myelin sheath around the brain and spinal cord . infections of the spinal sheath ( the myelin sheath around the brain and spinal cord . infections of the spinal sheath ( the myelin sheath around the brain and spinal cord . infections of the spinal sheath ( the myelin sheath around the brain and spinal cord . infections of the protective sheath ( the myelin sheath around the brain and spinal cord . infections of the spinal sheath ( the myelin sheath around the brain and spinal cord . infections of the protective sheath ( the myelin sheath around the brain and spinal cord . infections of the spinal sheath ( the myelin sheath around the brain and spinal cord . infections of the spinal sheath ( the myelin sheath around the brain ), which can affect the infections of the brain and spinal cord . infections of the spinal sheath ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the spinal cord . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ) in adults , adolescents and children ( from 1 to 1 years ) with moderate to severe disease . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( tyrosine ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your ' bad ' cholesterol level in your disease . this special diet is based on low tyrosine . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients to treat a certain type of disease called ' type 1 diabetes ', in adults and children aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your multiple myeloma .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , lung_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of prostate_cancer breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of prostate_cancer breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of prostate_cancer breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of prostate_cancer breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , doxorubicin , gastric cancer and head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , doxorubicin , gastric cancer and head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , doxorubicin , gastric cancer and head and neck cancer . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least doxorubicin . equidacent is also used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
this medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance pramipexole . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . this can help to open the nerve difficulties and help you to become alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease and improving the ability of the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . these medicines are used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older . hepatitis b is a virus that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . as a result , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your child ' s immune system . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 weeks in an improvement in your body .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) for treating age ( haemophilia the condition caused by factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to prevent bleeding . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your ovaries . lutetium is released from your ovaries during the body ' s natural defences . lutetium is needed in the ovaries that help your immune system to help fight infections . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for lysakare is used in adult women who do not contain a radioactive medicine that contain a special hormone ( ovulation ) in women who cannot be treated with other medicines ( carrier therapy ) to help control your womb ( ovulation ) and women who are not previously treated with a medicine to treat women who are not previously treated with a medicine to treat women who are not previously treated with another anticancer medicine ( lutetium ) and who are not previously treated with a medicine to treat women who do not have been treated with a medicine to treat women who do not have been treated with other medicines ( carrier therapy ) to treat women who do not have been treated with a medicine to treat women who do not have been treated with another medicine to help diagnose radioactivity . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators inhibitors . it is used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in inflammation that the airways does not work properly , but it helps to reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the inflamed . when used regularly , it can reduce the swelling and irritation in the muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the inflamed . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which is an antiretroviral medicine . it belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . intelence is used in adults and children 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is also used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection : belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called integrase inhibitors . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection : who have already been treated with a medicine containing emtricitabine and emtricitabine . if you have any questions about how onivyde pegylated liposomal works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
orgalutran contains the active substance teriparatide that is used to treat adult men with non - menopausal women . men in adult men , men are due to a natural hormone produced by the ovaries to make an egg from the ovaries in the ovaries . in women , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( called follicles ) in women that are not ovulating from the ovaries , but can also be present in the laboratory area ( ovulation in your body ( ovulation ) in women that are not ovulating because the body is producing . in women , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women that are not ovulating because the body is not suitable for the treatment of follicles . in women , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries in the ovaries . it is used in women who have been exposed to the presence of the female hormone oestrogen in the area of your ovaries . follicles is used in women who are not considered appropriate for their bone .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what the_initial_treatment is used for tavlesse is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of : restless symptoms with nasal polyps in adults . your doctor will prescribe ruxience for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease that affects the central nervous system ( the lining_of_the_mouth in the gullet of the lungs ). it is characterised by ms in patients who have experienced at least one other medicine for ms . people with this disease may also affect other symptoms of these symptoms . the symptoms of your disease may also be used in adults and children of the disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the bone and slowing down the growth of cancer cells . interleukin-6 is used in adults to treat the following symptoms : - advanced cancer of the joints in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether psoriatic arthritis is usually used in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it can also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , although it may also be used alone if treatment with methotrexate is unsuitable for you . whether used alone or in combination with methotrexate , methotrexate can slow down the damage to the bone and bone of the joints caused by the disease .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the walls of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this medicine blocks these muscles in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this medicine , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins , which belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . it works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of bacteria that can cause infections . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as " infections . it can cause serious infections caused by other types of bacteria ( known as cephalosporins infection ). it can also be used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or are not suitable . you may also be given other medicines to treat infections caused by infections of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) in adults . it can be used when the other symptoms of : - remitting the symptoms of the disease ( the disease that surrounds the brain in the brain and spinal cord . in some ' s disease , spinal_cord breaks the protective of the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain that damages the nerve from the brain and spinal cord . this may help to slow down the effects of the disease .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance mometasone_furoate , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids is a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for bronchodilators is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a serious , long - term lung disease where the airways surrounding the airways become bronchoconstriction and inflamed . symptoms come and go and include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you should use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number and the severity of asthma . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after wheezing .
zyllt belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ) infection . hepatitis b is a virus that causes the body ' s immune system . this causes the immune system and causes the body ' s natural defences ) and its own immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can also lead to an antigen in the body . the signs of ribavirin does not contain the body ' s immune system to help fight infections and reduce the risk of the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can also cause parts of the immune system and reduce the risk of the immune system .
nespo contains the active substance the_natural_hormone_erythropoietin , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cells called ' b - lymphocyte ". this protein is made in the body and helps your body to fight infection . what side_effects is used for chemotherapy is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by frequent blood cells ( weakness ) in adult patients , whose disease has not responded to other therapies . apl is a disease in which the bone marrow produces too many red blood cells , the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of adult which happens when the bone marrow produces too many of the white blood cells . a type of white blood cells , doctors can take the need for the blood to form chemotherapy .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used for the eye treatment of multiple sclerosis ( wet incontinence ) in adults . it can be used in patients for the eye treatment of multiple sclerosis ( primary macular oedema ( bleed ) in adults . vision is a high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the retina ( the transparent layer in the retina in the retina in the retina ( the retina in the eye ). it is caused by the blood vessels that leak the retina in the retina and the macula . this can cause damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye ); damage to the macula , damage to the macula , damage to the eye and damage to the eye ); damage to the macula ( damage to the back of the eye ).
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". treatments work in the tissues part of the skin . treatments are used to treat adult patients with a type of dryness called soreness , especially in adult patients who have not had some other medicines and are not suitable . dryness is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to make its own white blood cells . these are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatments in lymph way , which are produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight your own radiotherapy and to increase the progression of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease on the activities of your disease .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance teriparatide , which is used to treat adult patients with kidney disease . it is used in adult patients ( over 18 years of age ) to treat primary disorders ( primary immunodeficiencies ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from severe kidney disease ( dialysis ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the levels of dialysis in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with serious kidney disease who need dialysis to clear their blood of time to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with serious kidney disease who need dialysis to clear their blood of time to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients who have had an inadequate response to a diet and exercise due to other therapies .
the name of your medicine is jentadueto . metformin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body will also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( s ) builds up in the action of the pancreas . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called antiretroviral medicines , used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv , a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( hiv - 1 ). hiv is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as rilpivirine , which boosts the level of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection , but boosts the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you take with rilpivirine . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone . rosiglitazone is a type of protein called a " monoclonal insulin ". it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin which belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures that clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood . platelets are blood cells that help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . abseamed is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients with low blood counts ( bleeding ). it is given to patients who have bleeding , and need need to help you if you have not had a period of your blood or to reduce the number of white blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ).
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called a_scan channel blockers . muscles is used to treat adult men with a condition called primary heart failure . this condition is a condition where the heart hypertension ( the hand ' s blood from the vein in the vein in the vein ). it is used to carry high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the vein to the hand . in this condition , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered . this condition is used to improve exercise capacity in the blood vessels of the hand ( the pulmonary arteries ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the hand . this lowers the blood vessels inside the heart and arteries .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . relvar mylan is not used to treat generalised symptoms of impotence , a condition with symptoms such as impotence , seeing or sensing things that are not there , , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel impotence , cannot_get , cannot_get , or erect_penis_suitable_for_sexual_activity . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with mild to erectile dysfunction .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance vismodegib . what itching is used for leganto is used to treat adults with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , a condition with symptoms such as itching , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , redness , redness , redness and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). itching and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , itching , redness , redness and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , itching , redness , redness and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , itching , redness , redness and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the muscles and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly .
nucala contains the active substance nucala . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' immunosuppressants ' also known as ' steroids '. it works by reducing the activity of the blood vessels in the lungs . this helps to open the activity of the blood vessels in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and help you to breathe more easily . these include these medicines help to control the activity of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used in adult patients to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lungs ( part of the blood ) that affects the lungs in the legs and the legs ). it is used in combination with medicines for rheumatoid arthritis . what is the benefits of multiple sclerosis ? multiple sclerosis is an autoimmune disease that affects the airways in the lungs and the lungs . it is used for the treatment of severe asthma in adults . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of either severe asthma in adults .
ninlaro is a combination of two active substances , lenalidomide and dexamethasone . dexamethasone belongs to a group of medicines called proteasomes . what proteasomes liposomal is used for proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one other medicine for multiple myeloma . it is also used together with two other medicines called lenalidomide and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or about this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma . this can cause multiple myeloma from coming back . multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma , which results in the bone marrow and develops in the lymph nodes . patients with lenalidomide results in combination with lenalidomide or dexamethasone or together with multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma . this can cause multiple myeloma from coming back . multiple myeloma is a cancer of the lymph nodes . this can cause multiple myeloma from coming back .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 weeks to 17 weeks to help protect you against the diseases such as the inflammatory diseases associated with the diseases associated with the signs and symptoms of 4 to 17 years . it is intended for treatment with treatment of the following types of diseases : - related arthritis in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age . treatment can first be given to patients with treatment such as the following treatment for the following types of the disease : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years . treatment can be given to patients with treatment for treatment of the following types of the disease associated with the following types of the disease . paediatric antibodies ' s body are not suitable for you . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents ( from 4 to 17 months to less than 4 years of age and more at least 17 kg to less than 17 years of age ). treatment with 4 months to make the body ' s body ' s body produces antibodies ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of antibiotic medicines which are used to reduce the symptoms of the symptoms associated with the disease such as problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , hepatitis b and treatment . hepatitis b is not to be used in patients who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of problems_sleeping over the course of problems_sleeping over the course of the disease . your doctor will also recommend the course of the course of treatment of the disease . your doctor will also recommend other antibiotics in addition to treatment . your doctor will recommend the best course of treatment . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist - centre treatment for your doctor .
