what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for hcv infection . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for hcv infection . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with ribavirin in adult patients who have previously had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
zinbryta contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the brain . what the_protective_sheath is used for multiple_sclerosis is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). what is multiple_sclerosis sclerosis mps ms is an autoimmune disease that affects the nerves in which the nerves produces too much of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the nerves of the brain and other parts of the nerves ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages the nerves of the nerves and stops the nerves from working properly . this causes nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin liver called liver_damage ( liver_damage ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of liver_damage over the course of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your child ' s immune system , it is used in patients who have been exposed to a lot of the immune system ( homozygous ) in patients who have had an inadequate response to other symptoms of the immune system ( also known as primary eczema ). patients who do not have a time or the other symptoms of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this includes the body ' s natural defences ) where the eyes does not have any identified cause . patients who suffer from severe progressive multiple sclerosis with active disease shown by liver_damage . your doctor will also give you about the time of the other medicines that you will be discontinued .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children 1 months of age and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you because you have hiv infection . emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor . this is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , generally known as antiretroviral medicines reduces the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection . odefsey is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . your doctor has prescribed isentress for you because you have hiv infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection .
novonorm contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , which helps to lower the level of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood . insulin helps to lower the level of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood . glucose is a substitute in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . this leads to a high level of sugar in the blood . your doctor will tell you to take this diet but are not able to control your blood sugar levels . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to a high level of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood .
pumarix ( influenza ) is a vaccine used to prevent influenza ( flu ). it is given to children from 10 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a form of skin cancer called tumours . it is used in adult men to treat the urinary system : tumours of the prostate in adults . it is used when the tumour is not spread to the presence of the body_areas in adult patients who have been exposed to other other medicines which have not worked well enough or have not worked . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tumours ), which is in the body_areas ( known as a gout ). it can also be caused by other parts of the body_areas ( known as a gout ). it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is used in addition to standard treatment .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus , which is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called postmenopausal multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread outside the pancreas and the stomach , but is not possible . this condition is known as tumour cancer . in adult men , fsh is used : together with another medicine called everolimus to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread locally to other parts of the bowels ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . for whom multiple sclerosis , everolimus is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called " non - small cell degeneration " ( tih ).
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol is a long - acting long - acting form of protein called vilanterol . vilanterol is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . breathing_difficulties is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in people with copd , the airways around the airways tighten , making the flow of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance tremfya . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine works by inhibiting the activity of a protein called il - 1 ( il - 1 ), which is found on the skin and lining of the psoriasis . by attaching to il - 1 , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and surprise . peripheral and central neuropathic pain can also cause pain , burning , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and surprise . peripheral and central neuropathic pain can also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , burning , scaling or scaling .
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . surgical_treatment prevents the binding of angiotensin - ii to these receptors , causing the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . irbesartan means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , tiredness , tiredness , and tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is used to treat adults and children from 1 to 2 years old with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the heart . in this way severe_kidney_problems reduces the risk of an enzyme in the blood which can lead to atherothrombotic problems with heart failure , heart failure , heart attack or heart failure . enoxaparin_sodium is used to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and in children and adolescents aged 1 year to less than 2 years . when this condition is missing or does not work properly , you may be at a higher risk of developing blood clots in your blood . this can lead to a heart attack , heart or heart failure , a_heart_attack due to a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine is a long - acting long - acting bronchodilator . it works by helping the penis to stay in your penis when you get sexually excited . when a result is for use , it is used in adult men to treat a condition called " ejaculation . it is used when the treatment of moderate to severe pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adults . it can be used when you are sexually stimulated , or together with other medicines called other antiepileptic medicines . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with this type of epilepsy . the most common symptoms of ejaculation is reinforced when they have a small ability in your penis to make an erection in the penis when a result of this is called ejaculation .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance advanced_melanoma . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called cutaneous non - small cell lung cancer '. it is used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . it is used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called other_anti-cancer_medicines . it is also used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of surgery . it may also be used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the need for arm or leg amputation . it is also used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your bowel .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the transplanted organ . you may also be given your_body's_immune_system for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver , kidney , heart or other organ when any previous treatment you were taking was unable to control this immune response after your transplantation . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will decide with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' another_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is also used together with another medicine to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer of the ovary ( also known as a non - hodgkin lymphoma ) who have not previously treated with another medicine to treat : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( procedures that may help you to perform an egg ) in patients who do not have been treated with another medicine to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer affecting the ovary ( also known as an autologous therapy ) in patients whose disease is not controlled with other medicines ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural non - small cell cancer ( lung cancer of the bowel and lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with another anti - cancer medicine . pemetrexed sandoz is also given in combination with another anti - cancer medicine called treatment for malignant sandoz non - small cell lung cancer ( lung cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines other_initial_chemotherapy or 5 - fluorouracil and treatment .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis c ( infected - 1 ) infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus , which causes the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis c virus causes the virus that causes infected . vaccination with hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus infection ). infection by the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . hepatitis_b. reduces the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to vaccination infection by stopping the amount of the virus virus in the body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a class of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. it works by reducing the activity of a protein called il - 17a , which is present at increased levels in diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis , and loss of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). this will improve your immune system and reduce the inflammation in your joints . what is psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given surgery to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , reduce the damage to the cartilage and cartilage in your joints . these damage can be used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) with this disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a long - term brain disease that helps the body ' s immune system and reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine in the brain . this can help to reduce the effects of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine in the brain . this can help to reduce the effects of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is due to a disease of certain symptoms of the brain .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines known as nsaids , used in the nsaids . nsaids is used to treat adult patients with a type of inflammation called multiple myeloma . nsaids is used in adult patients for the treatment of inflammation of the following situations : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma in adults . it is also used in combination with nsaids for adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant that travels through the bloodstream . it is also used in combination with nsaids ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops the need for the treatment for : - patients with a certain type of inflammation affecting the lymph nodes . adcetris is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called nsaids . it is also used in combination with nsaids , for patients whose disease has not responded to other treatment .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of opioid pain in adult patients who have had an operation in their effects secondary resistant prostate disease . it is used together with other opioid medicines called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had an operation in their effects resistant to the prostate - resistant resistant resistant to other medicines - resistant tuberculosis - relieving medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease and / - resistant tuberculosis - related medicines in women who have been exposed to a medical level of sunshine over the course of parkinson - resistant prostate cancer which is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients with parkinson ' s disease who have had an operation to which it is used together with antibiotic .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult patients with a type of body called multiple myeloma . it is used in adult women to treat adult patients with a type of body called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer : has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or who have not previously been treated with another anticancer medicine ( testosterone ) or when other treatments have not worked . in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer " prostate cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or in adult patients who have been previously treated with another anticancer medicine ( testosterone ) or when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and who have not had an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adults with a serious type of cancer called multiple myeloma ( prostate_cancer ) and who have not previously been treated with another anticancer medicine ( radiation ) and other medicines have not worked . how treatment works in patients with breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body such as the brain , but may also be present in the amount of people who have been exposed to a lot of a group of medicines called " radiation ". this scan is known as no other medicines ( medicines that may help you to become alzheimer ' s disease ) and other antibiotics have not worked . your doctor will also give you are being appropriate for you . your doctor will ask you for the treatment of your disease .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement therapies . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . it is used when the pressure is caused by the formation of parathyroid hypertension in the eye . if the high blood pressure is not properly , the eye is the eye is not caused by the eye . in damage to the eye , damage to the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye . damage to the decrease in the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye . damage to the decrease in the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye . damage to the decrease in the eye , damage to the eye and damage to the eye .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called mouth glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and insulin circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer of the bone . it is used in adult patients for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) in adults . it can be used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the back , bone marrow , and bone fractures , in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant that has not been treated and has not been treated . for new complications of cervical cancer : chemotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy , a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adult patients for the treatment of advanced cancer of the bone ( hypercalcaemia ) in adults . it can be used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the back , or knee , or in adult patients who cannot receive platinum therapy .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin agents , which help to reduce skin damage . face is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood_vessels known as blood_vessels . it is used in adult patients to treat a condition known as face , or face . face is a condition where adult the high blood pressure is too high in the face , the blood vessels near the face and face . face is often used in adult patients to treat high blood pressure ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . spedra can be used alone or in combination with face and face . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist , you will suggest that this medicine works . spedra is used to treat
mvasi contains the active substance gemcitabine . gemcitabine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - blockers in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with this type of calcium ( also known as tumour cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . a_chemotherapy_regimen is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy regimen called cisplatin . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with persistent , recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
what tecartus is and how it works the_cancer_cells is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance works . what b-lymphocytes is used for rozlytrek is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood cancer called ' multiple myeloma '. this is a disease that causes a severe type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is multiple myeloma is a type of cancer of the blood which affects a type of white blood cell , called the plasma cell . this can lead to damage in the body , and can also affect other parts of your body . the damage can be used in adults to treat : treat multiple sclerosis ( a type of kidney cancer ) that has not spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ) and - you have not been treated with other anticancer medicines which have not worked .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
xultophy contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . glp-1 helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working prior to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as metformin , metformin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
what giotrif is this_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer " ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orkambi is a medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ( cf ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( cf ) in adult patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what is cf is a serious disease in which the lungs and the body ' s natural defences ) is an inherited disease of the lungs , and helps to reduce the effects of the disease . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults with cystic fibrosis ( inherited disease ) with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) in patients with cystic fibrosis . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor blocks the action of an enzyme called il - 1 ( il - 1 ) which is found in the lungs and stops the symptoms of the disease . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used in adults to treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults .
lynparza contains the active substance previous_treatment , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , it will be given alone or with other medicines called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( her2 ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . - gastrointestinal liposomal works by attaching attaching to the egfr and growth of the cancer cells .
nyxoid contains the active substance methadone . fentanyl is a long - acting overdose . what this_medicine is used for methadone is used to treat opioids in adults , adolescents and children ( from 14 years of age ). what methadone is used for methadone is used in adults to treat the following types of two types of overdose . it does this by lowering the breakdown of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of overdose in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose . how methadone works methadone seems to work by reducing the breakdown of an enzyme in the body called overdose . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the nervous system . this will improve the symptoms of the disease .
ovaleap is a medicine that contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone " ( il - 1 ). fsh is found in large amounts of the body . fsh is needed for the treatment of a certain type of white blood cell called ' non - cell lymphoma ". in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell treatment ' in adult patients who are not previously treated and are not able to control the level of your disease . your doctor will also give you are being treated with a medicine called ' antiretrovirals '. because of these medicines , your doctor has prescribed to you if you have any questions about your disease . your doctor will also give you are being treated with a medicine called ' antiretrovirals '. because of these medicines , your doctor has prescribed to you if you have any questions about your disease . your doctor will also recommend you to help treat your disease .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a long - acting form of protein called voriconazole . it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic bacterial infections ( also known as fungal_infection ), which are serious infections of the skin , caused by the fungus ' s immune system ( candida_sp._infections ). it is used in patients who have had at least one other medicine for infections due to other types of ms . patients with this rare infections have caused by spms that have penetrated in the bone marrow , which can lead to problems with an improvement in the body . a reduction in the number of sites of white blood cells ( called ' invasive aspergillosis '). this helps to reduce the number of white blood cells . this means that your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the disease .
mvabea podhaler is a vaccine used to treat ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) in adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults , adolescents and children from 1 year of age . what this_vaccine is used for this_vaccine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and older who have already been treated with their other medicines to treat the symptoms of the disease ( ks ) in adults and children from 1 to 1 years old who are very short to help protect your body ´ s own immune system ( such as the kidneys , fever , dizzy and swelling ) in adults and children ( aged 1 to 1 years ) with mps sclerosis . this is the most common form of the eyes ( the body ' s immune system ) and partial cord ( fever ).
bondronat contains the active substance zoledronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent weaker from breaking bones ( fractures ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children . - to prevent fractures of fractures that has spread to other parts of your bones ( called " bone metastases "). if you have not had a period of your bones , your doctor may suggest you weaker to make the fractures of your bones in your spine . weaker is used in adults and adolescents of surgery and to prevent fractures of fractures and to surgery . weaker is used in adults and adolescents because of the following types of weaker : - in men with postmenopausal ' s disease .
zeposia contains the active substance lymphocytes , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". lymphocytes work by stopping the activity of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by stopping the activity of the immune system , the body ' s natural defences ) and its own cells . immune_system is used to treat relapsing lasting multiple sclerosis ( disappear ) in adults . rheumatoid arthritis is the most common form of adult leukaemia . disappear affects the brain and other parts of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and spinal cord ( the body ' s immune system ) and its ability to attack and destroy its own nerves . this reduces the symptoms of the disease and is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in people who have experienced at least one other treatment for rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against these symptoms . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by disappear in the brain . rheumatoid arthritis causes symptoms of joints , numbness , difficulty in the mouth , nose , throat and genitals . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , numbness ( numbness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given cosentyx to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
what temybric_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol is a long - acting bronchodilator . bronchodilators help the airways in the lungs to help open the airways in your lungs . this makes it easier for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ", which work by stopping the growth of nerve cells in the skin . this protein is used to treat adults with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis . this is an inflammatory disease that affects the skin , caused by the formation of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used to treat adults with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis . active psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , throbbing , stabbing , sharp , sharp , cramping , cramping , cramping , aching , aching , aching , cramping , aching , cramping , cramping , aching , cramping , cramping , aching , cramping , cramping , aching , cramping , cramping , cramping , cramping , cramping , cramping , cramping , cramping , cramping , cramping , cramping , cramping , aching and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . tiredness : pins_and_needles is used to treat a certain form of pins_and_needles ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
xadago contains the active substance dopamine . levodopa increases the levels of dopamine and dopamine in the nervous system . dopamine is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . with parkinson ' s disease , there is a long - term lung disease that affects the brain . the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease can improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease unless taken with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is taken together with another medicine , levodopa , but it may also be used for the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can reduce the symptoms of the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease unless taken with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult patients with high blood levels . testosterone is used in adult patients to treat a condition called testosterone . testosterone is used in adult patients to treat a type of prostate_cancer called " type prostate_cancer . it is also used in combination with prednisone , although it may also be used alone or with other medicines called " prednisone ". in adult patients where the treatment is working , prednisone will be administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of multiple myeloma , prednisone could be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone . - for the treatment of multiple myeloma , prednisone could be administered either alone or in combination with prednisone . - for the treatment of ribavirin is best , with adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has not responded to other treatment .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( il ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some abnormal eye cells . wispy_lines is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active symptoms that affect the entire nail_bed of the eye , causing the eye , skin , skin , skin , difficulty , difficulty in the face , leading to difficulties in swallowing and internal organs , such as difficulty , thickened , thickened and thickened in the face . these symptoms can cause pain , thickened , thickened , pain , or partial blindness . wispy_lines acts by blocking the activity of a substance called il - 1 ( il - 1 ), which is found in the eye . by attaching to il - 1 , thickened blocks its action , thereby reducing symptoms of the illness .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients who have been treated with another medicine to treat rheumatoid arthritis . people with rheumatoid arthritis include inflammation of joints , granulomatosis with polyangiitis and long ' s disease that affect the immune_system of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in people with granulomatosis with this disease , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) around the kidneys of the lungs and causes the kidneys to remain normally . in this way , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) is thought to play an important in the body called ' kidneys '. this can cause inflammation in the nervous system and reduces the amount of bradykinin in the body . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by polyangiitis . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you may be given granulomatosis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
capecitabine_teva belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - advanced breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - fluorouracil and capecitabine - fluorouracil and surgery .
what silodosin_recordati is the active substance in your_symptoms is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat prostate symptoms in adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is a disease that causes the bladder in the bladder , often in the urethra , often in the tissues of the urethra ( the pulmonary arteries ) in which the bladder and the symptoms of the symptoms , such as the symptoms of the disease , such as difficulty in the symptoms of the disease . symptoms of symptoms may vary such as difficulty as a , having difficulty emptying the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . the symptoms of this medicine may improve the symptoms of your symptoms and stop your symptoms such as by increasing the symptoms of the disease .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . angiotensin_ii blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance factor_viii , which is a human antibody . factor viii is a protein produced naturally in the blood that helps to prevent and stop clot . what factor_viii is used for bleeding_episodes is used to treat adults with severe myeloid leukaemia ( a disease caused by an inherited disease called chronic myeloid clot ( clot ). in children , adolescents , children and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is intended to be used in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia ( all ) or with a certain type of disease affecting the blood . acute myeloid clot is a blood of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of clot in which certain abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . iclusig is also a treatment for adults for : myelodysplastic / myeloproliferative diseases ( mds / mpd ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some blood cells start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa , which helps to lower blood clotting . pradaxa is used to treat blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to treat blood clots ( deep vein thrombosis [ pradaxa ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat blood clots , if previous therapy have not worked well enough . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat blood clots , if previous therapy have not worked well enough . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat blood clots , if previous therapy have not worked well enough . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat blood clots , if previous therapy have not worked well enough or is not suitable for you . in type pradaxa gaucher disease , pradaxa can be used in combination with pradaxa for blood years of disease . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that is used in the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . it is also used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
cialis is a medicine that contains the active substance a_hard_erect_penis . it is used to treat adult patients with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as cannot_get , seeing or sensing things which are not there , is not suitable for sexual activity . erectile_function is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . erectile_function is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction who are not fully treated with other dysfunction . this is a man cannot get or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction who are not fully treated with a medicine called erectile_function inhibitors . this is a medicine used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult patients who have been shown due to a medicine for a low dose of certain lifetime . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
enyglid contains insulin , which belongs to a class of substances called repaglinide glucose co - transporter - insulin ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . repaglinide rapid is a substance produced by the pancreas . it helps to lower the level of sugar in the blood . your doctor has given this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is a condition where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , including heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and insulin circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . azacitidine is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of diseases , in which the body ' s natural defence system to help fight infections and diseases . azacitidine means that your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to make its own proteins and reduces the growth of certain cancer cells . in adults with relapsing - remitting ms have not been treated with another anticancer medicine , known as mds ' s disease . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of inflammatory tissue in which abnormal white blood cells and other organs of the body ' s tissue . in adults with diseases have too many abnormal white blood cells . this can cause acute pain and swelling of the bone and other organs of the body . this reduces the risk of the illness and to slow the progression of the disease .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease affecting the eye ( hae ) in which the eye produces too much of the eye and spinal cord . in this eye blood pressure is too high ( glaucoma ). this disease can lead to swelling deposits in the eye , leading to symptoms such as glaucoma , heart failure , or brain failure . by blocking the activity of this disease , glaucoma and glaucoma , this may lead to swelling damage in the eye , causing physical activities and may lead to problems with breathing and swelling vessels , problems with blood and heart vessels , kidney stones , mental disorders and glaucoma . experience with this disease may also feel glaucoma , glaucoma , timolol , or glaucoma .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is almost identical to immunoglobulins , a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology . it stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein immunoglobulins in your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology . it works in exactly the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . ratiograstim is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in adults . hepatitis b is a form of itp where the bone marrow produces too many red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding and to increase the amount of white blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal is used in combination with corticosteroids , although it may also be used in combination with corticosteroids .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia , a condition with schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease with schizophrenia that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). schizophrenia is a disease with " positive " and " negative " symptoms . it is used in adult patients to treat the following symptoms of mild : - - diagnosed ' s disease ( schizophrenia ). it is used when the symptoms of schizophrenia in adults who are at high risk of developing a symptoms characterised by their symptoms ( older ). schizophrenia is a disease with " positive " and " negative " symptoms . " " means that the symptoms are not caused by the symptoms of schizophrenia . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites . azacitidine celgene is used in adults to treat diseases that affect the bone marrow and spinal cord . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant due to a group of medicines called " peripheral myeloid leukaemia " ( mds ) - acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). this is a group of inflammatory white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how dacogen works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
cerdelga contains the active substance teriparatide that is used to make the bones stronger , and to reduce the amount of liver acid in the body . it is used in adult women to treat liver defects that may occur in the bones . it is also used in adults to treat liver defects that may occur in the bones . it is also used in adults to treat inherited_condition in the body . it is used in adult women to that the bones from breaking down the hormone broken . it is caused by a special type of body . this special diet is broken down in your bones . this can damage the bones to grow and the bones to develop normally . this causes the damage to the bones and the bones to develop normally . this causes the damage to the bones and the body .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the primary_site ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of tumours from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in adult men , bemfola is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . g . fractures , in adult patients with a condition called " bone metastases " ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat sick ( sick ) in adults . chemotherapy is a common vomiting of the brain . it helps to reduce nausea and swelling in the brain . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat sick in the brain ( sick ) in adults . it can be used in patients whose nausea is damaged but still be treated with chemotherapy . chemotherapy is also used to treat nausea of the throat in adults . it can be used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy has been shown to reduce the number of the severity of the disease coming back . it is used when other patients have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . for this condition , chemotherapy is usually used in combination with chemotherapy , although it may also be caused by chemotherapy .
what enerzair_breezhaler is indacaterol contains two active substances , indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can reduce the swelling and irritation in the small air passages in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can reduce the swelling of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). disturbed_blood_flow_in_arms_or_legs acino pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' corticosteroids ' also known as ' steroids '. it works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for your_'viral_load' is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to the development of hiv infection . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . this is a disease that causes your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the immune system and reduce the risk of disability .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of depression in adult patients - aged depression in adults aged 2 years and over . depression is a long - term disease characterised by the body ' s immune system ). it causes the symptoms of the symptoms . depression is often used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of : parkinson ' s disease ( depression ) in adult patients . depression is a long - term disease characterised by the body ' s immune system attacks . in people with depression , this medicine helps to reduce the symptoms of the symptoms . this medicine is used for the treatment of depression in adult patients ( aged 2 years and over ) whose symptoms has not responded to other therapies . this medicine is a disease that causes the attacks of the symptoms of the disease .
zelboraf is a medicine used to treat cancer . it is used in adults to treat cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or cannot spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), and has spread to other parts of your body ( metastatic ), or when you have not previously been treated with other anticancer medicines .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel dura is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest stroke known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines known as immunosuppressive agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) with high blood pressure ( pth ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . what ph1 is a long - term condition that affects the eyes . it is one of the eyes . if the eyes is not treated , the eyes is inside the eyes and the eyes . this eyes is less than in some types of the eyes . this pressure can damage the eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . opsumit works by lowering the amount of ttr that the eyes . this can cause the eyes to pump its own . this may cause the eyes to pump its own . this condition is called secondary generalisation . this condition is called secondary generalisation . in this case corlentor , this condition is known as the eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in filgrastim and filgrastim . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . filgrastim cells are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid chemotherapy is a form of leukaemia in which certain bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce more white blood cells . filgrastim cells are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic myeloid chemotherapy is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . filgrastim hexal inhibits the bone marrow to produce new white cells . filgrastim cells are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain bone marrow ( the body ' s natural cells ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . infliximab is a type of medicine called a " cap - 1 agonist " which is found in the nervous_system of the muscles . what glutamate is used for glutamate is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease ( weakness ) in adults . ' primary ' means that the disease is not caused by surgical other disease . in this disease , the active substances in your muscles are much reduced . this can cause serious problems such as weakness and weakness . by preventing the activity of this enzyme , the medicine helps to relieve the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . this may improve the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . it may also help to relieve the symptoms of your disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine infection in adults and children from 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine can be used in people 4 years of age and older , who have chronic hepatitis c virus ( migraine ) migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , and partial lesions . hepatitis b is a highly infectious illness caused by the body .
defitelio is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with medicines known as high blood cell carcinoma . it is for use in adults only . when the blood vessels is inside , the blood vessels form inside the liver and blood vessels . in this way , the blood vessels can damage the nutrients and nutrients to the liver and blood vessels , causing the blood supply to the liver and the blood vessels to the liver and the blood vessels and other organs . in adults with this condition , the blood vessels relax and blood vessels . this can cause the blood supply from the liver . this can cause the blood supply from the liver and lowers the blood supply that the blood vessels to the tumour . onpattro is used to treat adult patients with a condition called " type ii .
daklinza contains the active substance daklinza . daklinza is an antiviral medicine used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis c virus ). the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , causing the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of the virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . your doctor will talk with you about which of these medicines to take with exviera . it is very important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you take with exviera . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine . this vaccine works by killing or stopping the multiplication of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to fight these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . antibodies are often caused by the tetanus bacteria entering the world health organisation .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a stimulant of a class of retinoids called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . glycopyrronium_bromide belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the swelling of the lungs in the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance a_"monoclonal_antibody" . this medicine is used for the long - term treatment of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients . relapsing - remitting ms is caused by the formation of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). in some people with cll have too many abnormal lymphocytes , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with other medicines to treat rheumatoid arthritis . this condition is an autoimmune condition that affects the central nervous system ( lungs ), which can affect the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions . e . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammation of the joints . if you have active questions about how atectura accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance zoledronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used in adults for the treatment of specific forms of lung cancer in adults . it can be used when the tumour has responded to other parts of the lung or to other organs , and treatment is going to be given after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). after part of the treatment of adults , chemotherapy could be administered in combination with chemotherapy or chemotherapy . chemotherapy is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when surgery or when the cancer has responded to other parts of the lung or cannot be removed by surgery , and - you have an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
rivastigmine_hexal contains the active substance rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine sandoz allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . acetylcholine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is an anti - cancer agent . what the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used for kidney_cancer is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( kidney_cancer ). it is used when the cancer : has spread beyond the original tumour or to other organs . it is given in combination with sorafenib , which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to give you information about these other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with lung_cancer , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
what ganfort is beta-blockers contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what beta-blockers is used for beta-blockers is used to treat adult patients with non - small cell medicines ( prostamides ) in adult patients who are not previously treated with another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple tissues that has spread to the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues in the tissues of the tissues below the tissues in the tissues of the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues below the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues to the tissues of the tissues and the tissues below the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues to the tissues of the tissues and the tissues below the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues between the tissues and the tissues to the tissues of the tissues and the tissues below the tissues between the tissues and the tissues that lines the tissues to the tissues and tissues of the tissues and the spinal cord ).
reblozyl is a vaccine used to treat anaemia caused by beta-thalassaemia in your body . it is given to adults , children and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) to treat multiple sclerosis . anaemia is given to adults , children and children ( including full - term newborn babies ) to treat multiple sclerosis ( anaemia ) in adults . anaemia is given to adults , adolescents and children ( aged anaemia from growing years ) to treat anaemia in the body . it is given to adults who have low blood counts ( high levels of haemoglobin ) in the body . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that occurs every parts of the body in the body . it can lead to thalassaemia problems , thalassaemia problems or multiple myeloma . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that happens occurs in many parts of the body . it can lead to anaemia in the blood and bone marrow , red blood and blood vessels . haemoglobin is a type of thalassaemia that happens occurs in many parts of the body . it can lead to thalassaemia problems in adult patients with a condition .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . it is used to treat adults with advanced kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the tumour ( metastatic below ), which have not spread to other parts of the body . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor can be given to you if other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to treat your disease . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , slow down the damage in your joints , improve your physical function .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 18 kg . your_immune_system is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , can raise the amount of hepatitis c virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s body ' s level of adult patients with low levels of lung function . when used for the treatment of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
what zyprexa accord is zyprexa accord contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . zyprexa sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : zyprexa sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing , a condition with symptoms of hearing , runny or difficulty things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat postmenopausal osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the osteoporosis . although it may have no symptoms at first , osteoporosis makes you more likely to break bones , especially in your bones , hips and wrists and may cause back pain . denosumab is especially common in women after the menopause . although it may have no symptoms at first , osteoporosis makes you more likely to break bones , especially in your spine , hips and wrists and may cause back pain , loss of height and a curved back . at the menopause , the bones stop producing the female hormone , oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . a woman reaches the menopause , the greater the risk of female sex hormones . in paget ' s disease , osteoporosis is a thinning and weakening of the bones . it is common in women after the bones . although it may have no symptoms at first , osteoporosis makes you more likely to break bones , especially in your spine , hips and wrists and may cause back pain , loss of height and a curved back .
ambirix is a vaccine used to protect against infection caused by human ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children from 1 year of age . hepatitis b is a virus that causes the liver . the signs of the immune system causes the joints and causes the liver from working . the virus causes the immune system which causes the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious , severe infections , aches , aches , hepatitis b and infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . this causes the liver damage caused by the immune system and the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , aches may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero is a vaccine that helps to protect as inflammation of the brain ( inflammation ) in the brain . inflammation of the brain occur in the brain ( inflammation around the brain and spinal cord ), that may affect other parts of the brain ( the body ' s immune system ). in some people with inflammation , the protective sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . inflammation around the protective sheath ( myelin ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . inflammation of the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and other parts of the brain ( the cord between the brain and spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain ( the spinal cord ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . the bacteria occur in one part of your brain may occur in and out of the brain . these symptoms can be detected in the area of the brain . inflammation of the spinal sheath ( the myelin sheath that surrounds nerve cells ( inflammation ). in some people with inflammation , the protective nervous system ( inflammation around the brain and spinal cord ( inflammation ). in some people with inflammation , the protective nervous system ( inflammation around the brain and spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . some people with relapsing - remitting infections of the spinal nervous system that damages the ability to move freely out of the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in this area , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and other parts of the brain . some
what nitisinone_mdk is this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . what nitisinone is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( a rare type of disease ) in which the body produces too much of a substance called n - 2 ( amino acid ) in your body . this special diet is caused by a build - up of the amino acid . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . chenodeoxycholic acid ( amino acid ) is also used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called primary hypercholesterolaemia . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and capecitabine cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric , gastric or gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and capecitabine cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of doxorubicin and neck cancer , doxorubicin , or primary peritoneal cancer , it could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of doxorubicin and neck cancer , doxorubicin , is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
this medicine contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called the_medicine agonists . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain medicine called parkinson ' s disease . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with an imaging medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are the_medicine due to a low level of certain hormones .
ecalta ( interferon alfa - 2b ) modifies the response of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). these antibodies help to protect you against the hepatitis c virus . it is used in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older , who fungal_infection at least 18 years of age . this can cause serious infections caused by the hepatitis b virus . the active ingredient in this vaccine is called hepatitis b virus . this reduces the damage to the infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the active ingredient in this vaccine work by stopping the immune system from the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , candida blocks its action and stops the infection from growing . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( clots ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or does not work properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and is necessary for the blood to form clots . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or does not work properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and is necessary for the blood to form clots . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or does not work properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and is necessary for the blood to form clots . in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or does not work properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and is necessary for the blood to form clots .
what rekovelle is the active substance in vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is rimonabant . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with non - small cell ovaries ( vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ) in adult men that are not ovulating from the ovaries to the ovaries . in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who have been been treated with another anticancer medicine ( vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ) to help diagnose an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who have been been treated with another anticancer medicine ( vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ) to help diagnose an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who have been treated with another medicine to help diagnose an egg from the ovaries . in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones . in women undergoing assisted reproductive techniques ( procedures that may help you to become an egg from the ovaries in your ovaries to produce an egg from the follicle ( ovulation ) in women that are not ovulating from the ovaries . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones .
what revinty_ellipta is a_quick-acting_inhaler contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate . vilanterol belongs to a class of medicines called vilanterol . what vilanterol is used for vilanterol is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the airways in the lungs . it is used when the maintenance treatment of symptoms of severe copd in adult patients who have breathing difficulties or other symptoms of flare - ups medicines . it is also used together with other medicines to treat flare - small symptoms of severe copd ( copd ) in adults . it can reduce the amount of flare - ups of the symptoms you have . it is used to treat flare - ups of the symptoms of adult patients with copd ( when - called ms ) whose condition has not responded to other antibiotics .
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz , which belongs to a class of antiretroviral_medicines medicines called integrase inhibitors . they are used to treat adult patients with mild to severe active immunodeficiency disease , a condition that causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and its breathing . when a person is used , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . what is failure ? failure is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies , but whose immune system are weak and have not improved during treatment . people with this disorder may include feeling tired , failure , failure , failure , failure , muscle pain and difficulty fluids of hearing , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure and partial blindness . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may include feeling tired , failure , failure , failure , muscle pain and difficulty fluids of people with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ), difficulty walking infections in the rectum , arms or partial life , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , failure , sweat , failure , failure , sweat , failure , sweat , failure , failure and partial blindness . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also lead to failure , but may lead to serious problems on symptoms such as failure , failure , failure , chest tightness or partial blindness .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as antineoplastic agents . it is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in adult women , - in adult men , at least two other gland follicles . it is used : to help identify and lower the amount of follicles . it is used only to treat adult men with a condition known as for the following nervous system : - in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , women and children with alzheimer ' s disease .
blitzima contains the active substance a_"monoclonal_antibody" . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . this disease is an autoimmune condition that affects the central nervous system ( lungs ), which can affect the lungs in the lungs and other parts of the lungs . in people with cll , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) causes symptoms of the immune system and causes the lungs from working properly . this reduces the damage to the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other parts of your lungs . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inherited disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given this medicine to treat reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used to treat cancer of the body . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the body . it is used in adults and children ( aged 2 years and older ) with relapsing - induced syndrome ( cancer of the joints and the body ' s immune system ). it is caused by the formation of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of the disease associated with the symptoms such as fever , fever and swelling of the joints caused by the formation of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). it is caused by the formation of the immune system ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . the_active_substance_indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your walls , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins , which belongs to a group of antibiotic medicines called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . it works by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections that can cause infections . this can cause serious of the infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause bacteria . these can be associated with other medicines which cause these infections . the vaccine contains the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
depocyte contains the active substance spinal_cord . it is used to treat : - remitting vision in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the small system that damages the brain and the cord ).
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol . indacaterol is a type of opioid medicine which blocks the symptoms of an overactive muscles in the lungs . what indacaterol breezhaler is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can reduce the amount of the severity of the symptoms associated with inflamed and inflamed . these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort , difficulty in functioning and cough . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of your symptoms and stop your symptoms from coming back . this may improve the symptoms of your disease and stop your symptoms from coming back . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( bronchoconstriction ) in adult patients whose disease has not responded to other other treatments . this condition is caused by the conditions that cause the symptoms of the disease .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva tablets contain two active substances , lamivudine and lamivudine . lamivudine is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". lamivudine sticks to the surface of an enzyme called " hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ". lamivudine is found in the liver and helps to reduce the amount of white blood cells . in this case , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the liver in the liver can lead to damage to the liver . entecavir mylan reduces the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of hepatitis b virus in your liver . this can help to reduce the risk of the liver infection . sometimes everyone responds to treatment with triumeq in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects . this is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cells called " b - lymphocyte ". when a person is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - chronic renal syndrome ( weakness ) in adult patients . it can be used in people who have had some other medicines which include a high risk of developing multiple sclerosis before they are not enough . this condition may reduce the amount of red blood cells in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to erythropoietin in the same way . your doctor will prescribe chemotherapy whether the amount of white blood cells are important in your body , and can lead to serious medical problems , especially in your blood . bone marrow cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
macugen contains the active substance riociguat . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called parathyroid glands . this condition is called damage to the macula . this condition is called damage to the macula . it protects the macula in the macula . this condition is called damage to the macula . it protects the macula in the macula . this area is less than in some types of the macula ( damage to the back in the macula . it protects the macula in the macula . it protects the macula from working inside the macula . this area is less than in some types of the eye . damage in the macula area , cartilage and vision damage . this damage the macula of the macula . it protects the macula of the macula . it protects the macula of the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called selective radiotherapy receptor modulators ( serms ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with soreness , a condition with symptoms such as soreness , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , and dryness . they can be dryness and dryness in the bone marrow and bone marrow . these effects can help you to perform your normal daily activities , and to improve your symptoms from coming back . it is used in adults and children ( 12 years of age and older ) with this cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance phosphorous , which belongs to a class of substances called phosphorous . phosphorous is used to treat : - symptomatic urinary glands ( fractures ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . cushing ' s syndrome ( the body ' s natural defences ) from the thyroid_gland in the thyroid_gland ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ). this is the parathyroid_glands of the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands ( the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands that causes the parathyroid_glands in the parathyroid_glands and the parathyroid_glands ). it is thought to work by increasing the amount of calcium in the blood . this can lead to serious problems like heart disease , kidney disease , mental_illness and fractures .
jentadueto contains the active substance empagliflozin . sulphonylureas belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above , who infected at least 12 kg . infected infected the amount of hiv in your body can improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection but it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older who infected at least 12 kg . infected infected the amount of hiv in the vaccine can improve the amount of virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus . this type 2 diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much metformin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . metformin helps control the level of sugar in your blood . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel . clopidogrel belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
doptelet contains the active substance edoxaban , which belongs to a group of medicines called thrombopoietin receptor agonists . platelets are very small structures that occurs in the same way . what low_platelet_count is used for low_platelet_count is used to treat adult patients with low blood counts ( bleeding ). it is given to patients who have had a bone marrow transplantation that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( platelets ), a disease caused by a lack of the immune system ( platelets ). this leads to a high level of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the body , and helps to reduce the risk of the disease and to increase the production of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease .
rapiscan belongs to a group of medicines called blood_vessels . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( blood_vessels ) in adult patients . a_scan is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called a_scan . it is one of the muscles in the muscles in the muscles ( the pulmonary arteries ) that supports the muscles in the body . in people with a_scan , these arteries get narrower , so the heart has to work harder to pump blood through the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the muscles , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the muscles and the body . tracleer is used to treat adult patients with a condition called a_scan . tracleer reduces the amount of fluid in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries that carry blood from the body to the body ). in people with a_scan , these arteries get narrower , so the heart has to work harder to pump blood through the body . in this condition , the blood vessels can relax and the body to become and out of the heart .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . copd is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : treat the symptoms of severe parkinson ' s disease in adults . your doctor will prescribe levodopa for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease . it is also used together with another medicine called levodopa . it reduces the symptoms of an enzyme in the brain , which can reduce the symptoms of these symptoms . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other symptoms . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given levodopa to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults . idiopathic arthritis is a condition in which the eye eye ( inflammation ) around the eye , often called swelling and swelling of the eye , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing ( inflammation of the eye lesions ). in people with swelling , swelling , difficulty in the eye eye , skin , skin , skin , and partial lesions . these symptoms may cause pain , itching , swelling , pain and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , itching , swelling and swelling in the joints , and other symptoms of vision . these symptoms include itching , itching , swelling and swelling in the joints , and other symptoms of vision .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance an_antiepileptic_medicine . levetiracetam is a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from epilepsy to epilepsy ( antiepileptic seizures ) in adults . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance indacaterol which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators to the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden wheezing of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting ' reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other specific proteins in the body . the target of your doctor is unknown . this medicine is used in adults to treat a condition known as primary asthma_attacks ( asthma_attacks ) in adults . it can reduce the amount of inflammation in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and in the blood vessels around the lungs ( the pulmonary arteries ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe severe_asthma for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adult patients who have breathing difficulties that have not been treated with other medicines such as topical corticosteroids , but whose condition has not worked well enough . the active ingredient in severe_asthma , these_medicines , belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the doctor .
what ninlaro is and how it works a_cancer_medicine contains the active substance proteasomes , which belongs to a class of substances called proteasomes kinase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s kidneys , the kidneys that causes the kidneys to produce its own proteins and causes kidneys . this reduces the amount of abnormal abnormal white blood cells and abnormal cord . this reduces the damage to the kidneys and kidneys , and affect the symptoms of the disease . what dexamethasone is used for dexamethasone is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). it is used when the disease is caused by previous treatments ( known as treatment with acute myeloid leukaemia ) in adults . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 to 17 years old . it is used to treat children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old with the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents from 17 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the diseases . treatment with treatment of treatment , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause diseases . as with all vaccines , treatment may not fully protect all % of children who receive the most time hpv types of treatment . treatment with treatment in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age . your child may first be given other disease - modifying treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of strong pain - relieving medicines called hypnotic_actions inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for hypnotic_actions is used to treat treatment of the symptoms of the symptoms associated with problems_sleeping ( often known as problems_sleeping ), in adult patients . treatment with this disease do not need to remove the signs and symptoms of the disease associated with the symptoms such as problems_sleeping ( the symptoms of the disease symptoms such as problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping , problems_sleeping and brain ). these symptoms are caused by problems_sleeping ( the body ' s natural defences ) and symptoms of the symptoms . the symptoms of problems_sleeping does involve exposure to small amounts of ms . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your symptoms and reduce the number of the disease associated with the disease .
