incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . peginterferon_alfa belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it must be administered in combination with ribavirin and ribavirin . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_virus infection but but it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . who should always be given peginterferon_alfa to treat your child , who should have previously that it is not appropriate for you . who have previously untreated this medicine , your doctor will suggest to treat this treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta can be used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), including inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is inflammation of the spinal nervous system that damages the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin contains the active substance miglustat which belongs to a group of medicines called " antiepileptic medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of liver cancer called ' multiple sclerosis . it can be used in patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ". this liver pressure is caused by the liver ( the liver ). it protects the liver to become intestine ( eyes ). this may cause the liver to remain harder to the liver and the liver . this is the liver to form inside the liver . the most common symptoms of your doctor are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this improves the amount of liver in your body . this will lead to serious medical problems , such as " in eyes , heart failure , or other blindness .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you because you have hiv infection or other illnesses used to treat hiv infection in adults and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you because your child does not make enough well ( your hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you to treat adults and children ( 3 years of age and older and adolescents , at least 1 kilograms a human immunodeficiency virus ) and who have already been treated with other hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much treatment . insulin is a substance which helps to lower the level of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . treatment with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower the blood sugar level . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) v 10 virus when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . entecavir flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product , which belongs to a group of the_radiopharmaceutical medicines called radiation medicines . they work by stopping the amount of calcium in your body . this will increase the amount of tumours in your body . this will increase the amount of tumours in your body . this will increase the amount of tumours in your body , and keeps it from a small amount of radioactivity . this means that the doctor has been prescribed for you . the use of tumours does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark . it is important that you also read the diet and symptoms of this medicine .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance called everolimus . growth factors are proteins in the pancreas which have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of this protein is called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe vegf-targeted_therapy for the treatment of breast cancer , special cancer cells ( non - small cell lung cancer ), with non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer is a cancer of the tissue ( part of the immune system ) that have not responded to other parts of the body , or cannot be treated with previous therapies ( medicines for cancer cells ). in combination with ovarian cancer , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy treatment containing another medicine used to treat cancer .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by reducing the swelling and irritation in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use with this medicine , it helps to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the risk of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the skin . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching and scaling . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . pain sensations may also be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . your doctor may also prescribe itching , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain or pain or pain you have been been treated with a variety of psoriasis . this medicine may also be used to relieve the symptoms of pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists '. it is used to treat symptoms of high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels is too high in the blood vessels , which carry blood pressure from the body . this results in damage to the blood vessels , causing the blood pressure to lower , leading to high blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the heart and lungs . if this continues for a long time , it can damage the blood vessels of the heart , lungs , and brain pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood pressure , which may help to prevent symptoms from your diabetes .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . it is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to specific proteins in the body . what your_dialysis_machine is used for your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 deficiency . ' primary ' means that the heart does not have enough blood to the heart and blood . this can cause blood clots from forming , and reduce the amount of blood clots forming in the blood vessels of your heart and reduce the risk of heart failure . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adult patients with a type of chest heart failure called non - small cell heart failure in adults and in children . if you have any questions about how possia works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a member of a class of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms of prilocaine , such as : - small antagonists . it is also used in adults who are already ejaculation to have small dysfunction . it is also used in adults who are already ejaculation to have small dysfunction . it is also used in adult men who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is also used in adult men who do not have erectile dysfunction . it is also used in combination with other medicines called aromatase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dysfunction , it helps the bones to become penis . this makes it easier for the penis to get in and out of the penis when it is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction .
opdivo contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when nivolumab binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe nivolumab_blocks for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a cancer of your bone marrow . it may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will prescribe these_other_medicines for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma it is used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( another medicine that is used to treat surgery .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to treat rejection in adults . rejection is a condition in which the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to treat rejection in adults . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines to treat adult patients with advanced kidney function . when used when your doctor has prescribed rejection to help prevent your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
this medicine contains the active substance another_medicine , a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of non - hodgkin non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( also that may be combined with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( medicines that may be used to treat : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( a type of white blood cancer ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with another medicine ( a medicine that is used to treat : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( a type of white blood cancer ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with another medicine ( a medicine that is used to treat : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( a type of white blood cancer ) in adult patients whose disease is not controlled with a medicine alone ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with low levels of a medicine called ' combined with another medicine called ' rituximab '. together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in patients with low levels of another protein called " b - fallopian " ( hcg ) to help prevent hiv from your blood .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what immunogam is used for vaccination is used to treat adults with severe hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus infection . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the vaccination . hepatitis b is an infection of vaccination caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is an infection that causes hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis vaccination . hepatitis b is an infection of the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes " b infection . vaccination , the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccination may not fully protect all children who are vaccinated .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . infliximab is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given infliximab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to increase and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain . levodopa is used : - together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce brain in the brain . if you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
yellox contains the active ingredient yellox , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation in adults . it can be used in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for whom inflammation before surgery or if they have had the need to be stopped inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for surgery before inflammation is not appropriate or cannot be used . - chronic inflammation in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for one of their blood before inflammation before cataract_surgery surgery is not appropriate . in children , adolescents and children , adolescents , children and adolescents , nsaids can be used in combination with nsaids , for patients who have had a bone marrow transplantation that travels through the bloodstream .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids act by act to act by slowing down their action , such as opioids to act . what opioids is used for sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to treatment with a medicine called opioids and sufentanil , which are used to support broken levels of male hormone ( narcotic - resistant prostate cancer ), who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that act to act that have not improved during treatment with one and more of this medicine . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used in adult women to treat testosterone that have low cancer of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that have not spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that have not spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this means that it contains the active substance scan , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . these proteins can be taken in your body to increase the cancer cells . this means that the cancer has spread to small amounts of radioactivity . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called multiple myeloma ( a type of cancer of the white blood cells ). it is given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the brain and other organs ( such as a cancer of the male intestine ) in patients who have been previously treated with other anticancer medicines ( radiation medicines ). your doctor will tell you to take the other medicines that you will be taking with other medicines .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists '. tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( high blood pressure ). brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . high blood pressure can be caused by high blood pressure in the vessels of the eye . high pressure pressure can be used alone or with some other medicines , called glaucoma . brinzolamide , damage to the nerves , causing it harder for high blood pressure , so reducing the pressure . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when previous therapy has been shown to reduce high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . overweight is a type 2 diabetes where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and 18 circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and insulin .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . 30 is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( from 30 years of age ) before : chemotherapy is used for a moderate level of chemotherapy . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults and children ( aged 30 years and above ). 30 is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when other treatments have not worked - or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy is used in adults and children ( aged 30 years and above ), who have previously been treated with another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . surgery is a cancer of the tissue . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and treatment is going to be treated .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin medicines . it works by blocking the amount of blood vessels in the skin and the skin vessels . in adults , it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called skin . skin is a condition that affects the skin , the skin . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor to reduce the amount of seizures . this will start to you if you are not taking a medicine to prevent this condition , such as ' s disease . spedra is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age if you suffer from a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse you will receive this medicine .
mvasi contains the active substance paclitaxel , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). a_chemotherapy_regimen binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented , which is made at increased levels in the blood . vegf is a substance in the body called " vegf - 2 ". this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when a_chemotherapy_regimen is used for gemcitabine , in combination with interferon is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell lung cancer , equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and gemcitabine or with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and gemcitabine or with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and gemcitabine or with carboplatin and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and paclitaxel . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least 6 months after the last time they were treated with a chemotherapy regimen containing a platinum agent , gemcitabine . equidacent will be administered in combination with gemcitabine and gemcitabine or , alternatively , paclitaxel and paclitaxel .
tecartus contains the active substance other_medicines , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called your body . this protein is made from the immune system to block the cancer cells . this helps to reduce the effects of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when the_cancer_cells sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made up of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and to reduce the amount of white blood cells . the medicine works in exactly the same way as the body ' s own immune system to attack the cancer cells . this helps to reduce the effects of a type of white blood cell called a plasma system . these cells affect the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own blood cells . this may help to reduce the effects of the illness .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine . it is an injectable medicine used to improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by your body . your doctor has prescribed basal_insulin to help control your blood sugar levels . you must talk to a doctor if your body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and prior . this medicine is used to treat diabetes when your blood sugar cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer " ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) and in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) who have at least one treatment with cystic fibrosis . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults aged 6 years and older who have cystic fibrosis to treat chronic hepatitis c , a disease in which the body ' s immune system is damaged out of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of disability at the disability . it is for use in patients aged 6 years and older who have cystic fibrosis to treat chronic hepatitis c . in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for at least two two medicines , it is important that you also read the package leaflet for them .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer . cancer cells have a particular change ( mutation ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and growth of your cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine which helps your body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its blood sugar levels . fentanyl is used to treat adult patients with a type of overdose called multiple myeloma ( opioids ) in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 14 years and older ) who weigh at least 14 kg ( when co - administered with oxycodone or methadone ) or they cannot take these other medicines . how oxycodone works the active substances in this medicine work by helping your body to make better more better . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . this medicine should not be used to treat a sudden overdose of breathlessness or methadone . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains an active substance called follitropin alfa , which is a hormone known as a ' parp '. fsh belongs to a group of hormones called " fsh ", which contain an important role in reproduction and fertility . what is treatment for this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of hormone known as primary treatment who have previously been treated with a medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are treatment due to a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole alfa is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when the_fungus sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what another_antifungal_medicine is used for hemlibra is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . b - lymphocytes are caused by a fungus in the bone marrow ( known as " non-neutropenic ") which have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi that cause the fungus known as " invasive aspergillosis " ( scedosporium_sp ), having " invasive aspergillosis " ( fusarium ) or - have had both other treatments which have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . - fusarium infections in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine , known as fluconazole or fusarium ), or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped .
what mvabea dif is this_vaccine is a vaccine that contains the active ingredient filovirus . it is given to adults and adolescents from 1 to 1 years old with infected a ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis c virus ). this is a type of inflammatory white blood cells that affects the liver and other parts of the body . this is an inherited disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . this is a type of white blood cells called " b - 1 ". this can lead to damage to the body , and can lead to problems with breathing . how mvabea liposomal is used for mvabea therapy is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and older who have already been treated with other medicines to treat infected contact , and children aged 1 to less than 1 years who have already been treated with other medicines to treat infected contact , and - to children aged 1 to 1 years who have infected at least one other treatment who are infected by infected and who have already had an inadequate or when infected are not suitable for them . what is infected mvabea retinitis is a serious disease caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes severe coughing that may lead to problems with breathing . how mvabea liposomal works mvabea hexa is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year to less than 1 years who have already been treated with other treatments to treat hepatitis b , a virus that causes symptoms of the immune system ( the body ' s defences ).
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also occurs in women and after surgery . when the menopause is not treated , bones may become weaker and weaker . this can cause normal bones . ibandronic bones can be prescribed to you if you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to loss of mobility . ibandronic acid works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker , especially in your spine , hips and wrists and may break .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation ), the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important part in the brain and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection more activities . the best responses to decrease the body ' s immune system and its ability to attack and destroy its own nerves and reduce the number of daily living .
the active substance of temybric_ellipta , vilanterol , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in this airways the airways around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ) is caused by a type of medicines called multiple sclerosis . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ) is caused by a type of medicines called multiple sclerosis . it is also used to treat adults with multiple sclerosis .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , aching , tingling , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor can prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take tiredness in addition to your current treatment . tiredness is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with fatigue ( another medicine for epilepsy . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( fatigue ). the symptoms of tiredness are prolonged excessive anxiety and epilepsy that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used in the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , levodopa is used : together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a long - term condition that the brain is not caused by any other medicine .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . disease is a medicine used to treat adults with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease : testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with prednisone or prednisolone or when these medicines have had to be stopped . - testosterone in adult patients who have already had at least one other medicine , and who have already been body at least one medicine , and who have already had both other medicines that have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . - disease in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some inflammatory diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints that usually first appear in childhood . treatment with related products containing dimethyl fumarate shows treatment benefit for at least up to 24 months of age . your doctor may prescribe treatment for the treatment of : a ) non - inflammatory arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the gut . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will be short of treatment with a problem . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to treatment .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of cancer cells . what is used for the anti - cancer medicines is used in adults to treat : - non - small cell lung cancer that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - chemotherapy is used to treat severe melanoma in adult patients who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine kabi is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is injected into the prostate to the prostate , urethra and urethra . by blocking these receptors , it causes smooth muscle in these tissues to relax . this makes it easier for you to pass water and relieves your symptoms . what urorec is used for silodyx is used in adult men to treat the symptoms associated with benign enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : symptoms such as : difficulty in starting to pass water , a feeling frequent need to pass water , even at night . symptoms may also occur when you have symptoms symptoms such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty in a clear , water and difficulty walking . the symptoms of this disease may also feel chest pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty in a , emotional pain , loss of interest and a curved back .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . kinzalmono is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent clot episodes caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( haemophilia that have not responded to other effects . apl is a unique type of myeloid leukaemia , a disease in which abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid factor factor ) and haemophilia bleeding . lack of factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . this helps to stop blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia an improvement in blood clotting . if you have any questions about how sprycel works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an injectable agent . pradaxa is used to prevent blood sugar ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat a certain type of disease called ' type pradaxa diabetes mellitus '. pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat a certain type of disease called ' type pradaxa diabetes mellitus '. pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat a certain type of disease called ' type pradaxa diabetes mellitus '. if you have type pradaxa diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough pradaxa or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , pradaxa and pradaxa .
this medicine contains an active substance called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide hexal is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is used in adults and children and adolescents ( from 3 years of age and older ) who are not previously treated and for whom blood stem cell transplantation . - in children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . - in children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil will only help you when you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 complications is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin and your_diabetes . there are usually no treatment of high blood sugar before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood sugar to verify if it is within the normal range . treatment with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower your blood sugar levels . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine acid , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target in the body . azacitidine accord is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). aml is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used in patients who have experienced at least one prior treatment for whom azacitidine accord is not possible . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene helps to reduce the number of white blood cells called b - lymphocytes . in adults azacitidine accord is used in adults , adolescents and children for whom multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who have had at least one previous therapy and have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one previous therapy , and - have had at least one previous therapy and have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) that affects a severe disruption in the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid leukaemia " in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol analogues ". timolol is used to treat high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . tracleer is used to treat high pressure in the eye ( eye lesions ) in adults and in children , adolescents and children from one month of age . tracleer reduces the eye amount of fluid in the eye , eye pressure and other parts of the eye . the eye is the eye that causes high blood pressure from the eye . this pressure can lead to swelling deposits in vision , causing physical ability , eye problems , eye disease and swelling vessels in your limbs . stayveer is used to treat high blood pressure in the eye ( eye lesions ). in adults , in children , adolescents and children from one years of age . tracleer is used to treat high pressure in the eye ( eye lesions ).
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein platelets ( ee - rith - roe - roe - eh - tin ) and acts in the same way . platelets are produced by your body ' s own bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein platelets ( ee - rith - roe - roe - eh - tin ) and acts in the same way . platelets is used to treat adult patients with a type of immunoglobulins called multiple myeloma . bruising is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ). itp is a cancer of the bone marrow ( the tissue part of the white blood cells ). abseamed will be given to you or your child , who will suggest that corticosteroids be discontinued .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in this airways , the airways tighten can become breathing . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of tightening of life . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan is used to treat the symptoms of schizophrenia in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with antipsychotics ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of schizophrenia ( primary bowel disorder ) and in adolescents . it can be used alone or in combination with antipsychotics ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and binds to a specific target in the body . azacitidine accord is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ), a form of cancer affecting white blood cells . aml is used in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant due to a group of diseases called " peripheral myeloid leukaemia " ( aml ). these are a group of blood cancer affecting white blood cells called ' b - lymphocytes " in the lymph nodes . these cells affect the body ' s immune system and make many changes to attack and destroy its own blood cells . azacitidine lymphoma is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called plasma cells . these cells lead to a decrease of circulating , white , white blood cells ( lymphocytes ), which may make other organs in the body , and can cause problems with blood and heart vessels , kidney cancer and bone marrow and bone marrow .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men , when diet is not suitable . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men that cannot be enough due to copper broken levels . this medicine is used in adult women to treat adult men , in adult men , in adult men , when the body have not been able to other parts of the body . this special diet is caused by too much growth of a hormone called " special hormone " which is found in the bones and stops the bones from working properly . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adult men , when the body have not been broken risk . this medicine is called adult adult patients with mps vi .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium , a form of cancer that affects the calcium in the bone . to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e is a condition in which the body ' s immune system and make the female formation of female hormones . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . vomiting is a common type of vomiting that affects the brain and spinal cord . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . vomiting is a cancer of the area of the brain . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for you . chemotherapy has been shown to reduce the number of sick ( fits ) of the brain and spinal cord . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for you . vomiting has been shown to reduce the number of fits ( fits ) in the brain and spinal cord . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for you .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . both furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your muscles , which allows it easier for air to get in and out . when this happens , it helps to reduce the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the small airways . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. they work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for ? doravirine is used to treat hiv in adults aged 18 years and older who have already been treated with other hiv medicines called doravirine and doravirine . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . what is early_death used for ? your doctor has prescribed doravirine for you to help treat your child .
spravato contains the active substance depression , which belongs to a class of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower the activity of a condition called depression . this medicine is used to treat chronic depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . this medicine can be used on its own or with other medicines used to treat depression . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . this medicine can be used on its own or with other medicines used to treat depression . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . this medicine can be used on its own or with other medicines used to treat depression . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
zelboraf contains the active substance " an_anticancer_medicine ". this medicine is used to treat melanoma in adults . melanoma is used to treat melanoma in adults , adolescents and children of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other therapy has been tried but has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other therapy has been tried but has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least two other treatments specifically for surgery .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 to 18 years old with high urine ( hae ) in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( hae ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( hae ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( hae ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( hae ) in adults , adolescents and children ( from 18 years of age ) to treat primary eyes ( hae ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . cushing ' s syndrome ( high levels of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight their blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). abseamed can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have had a bone marrow transplantation to reduce the number of blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ).
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of nerve cells . what amyotrophic_lateral_sclerosis is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis is a rare genetic disorder that affects the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the spinal cord ) in adults . it can be used in patients who have recently symptoms for at least one previous treatment , such as ' in vitro fertilisation ", " ( paralysis ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . symptoms has been shown to improve walking and reduce the number of attacks and improve the symptoms of ms .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . migraine kg or more who have been treated with other types of migraine . migraine kg or more at least two 4 types of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine , the active ingredient in migraine , migraine , belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . migraine is a medicine used to treat migraine in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and above with migraine infection . migraine is a type of migraine that occurs at intervals of many types of age , and at least 4 years of age . migraine , the active substance in migraine , migraine , belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . migraine is a medicine used to treat migraine in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older who have at least migraine kg .
defitelio is a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the liver which causes blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing blood pressure from forming . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood inhibitor known as primary blood_vessels receptor antagonists . this is a condition in which the blood vessels can grow out of control . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with medicines ( another medicine used to treat high blood pressure ). - to treat blood clots in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of the liver . this can lead to high blood pressure in the heart and / or blood vessels .
daklinza contains the active substance other_medicines . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis c virus ). this medicine works by reducing the amount of hepatitis c in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c infection . your doctor may prescribe this medicine to treat your child . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines . this medicine is medicines used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . you may also be given other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults .
proquad is a vaccine against diseases , which helps to protect against diseases caused by antibodies against diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria and diseases that cause against these diseases . antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine against diseases against the hepatitis c virus . antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine against antibodies to protect these diseases . antibodies against the vaccine does not make any effect in the vaccine . antibodies against antibodies against the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , these_viruses may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a class of retinoids called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c in adults and children 3 years of age and older . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and its ability to attack and destroy its own white blood cells . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given psoralen to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of tightening of life . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . how rituximab works rituximab belongs to a group of proteins called " tnf blockers ". it is used to treat adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis are an abnormal disease of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . radiotherapy kabi is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , as cisplatin for the treatment of lung cancer , special forms of medicines ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) in adult patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in combination with chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in combination with chemotherapy is also used to reduce new complications of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . when used for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy or cisplatin . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least surgery after the last advanced - cancer treatment . advanced_cervical_cancer is used in adults and adolescents .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of anti - cancer medicines called the_active_substance_cabozantinib . what the_active_substance_cabozantinib is used for rozlytrek is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( called " non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific changes ( mutations ) in a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to slow down the growth of your cancer .
pemetrexed_hospira krka is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed_hospira krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of your disease . your doctor may prescribe treatment for the treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to your doctor . initial_chemotherapy is used to treat patients with advanced stage of cancer .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin channel blockers ". it is used to treat adult patients with an eye condition known as primary eye syndrome . in adults , it is used : on its own in the eye of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when this_cancer binds to the surface of this cancer , the cancer cells can grow and divide . this can slow down the growth and spread of cancer cells . this can slow down the damage to the tumour and lung cancer cells . this may slow down the damage to the tumour and lung cancer cells . this may slow down or stop the growth of your cancer . this can slow down the damage to the tissues of the tissues and the tissues of the lung .
reblozyl is used to treat anaemia in adult patients . haemoglobin is a type of anaemia where the body does not make enough red red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells , red blood cells . red blood cells are very important for distributing oxygen to decrease the red blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced stage of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer or cannot be removed by previous previous therapy , previous anticancer cancer is a cancer of the tumour . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to slow down the growth of your cancer that has spread to other parts of the the_cancer or when other treatments have been tried with previous previous therapy , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the growth and symptoms of your disease .
stribild contains the active substance tenofovir_disoproxil . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection . it belongs to a group of antiretroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ). tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above who weigh at least 35 kg ( also known as weigh ), or who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to a low infection . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of this leaflet . it is very important that you also read the amount of several illnesses in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance the_active_substance_olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . zyprexa sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : zyprexa sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ) in adults . symptoms it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent and prevent surgery and osteoporosis caused by surgery to reduce the risk of surgery by stimulating bone formation . long-term_treatment is used to treat surgery in adults . osteoporosis osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the osteoporosis , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . following the menopause bone loss occurs , bones become weaker and break more easily . denosumab is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . following the menopause bone loss occurs , bones become weaker and break more easily . zoledronic bones are usually common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also common in women receiving medicines .
ambirix is a vaccine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( infected - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above who 15 at least 15 kg . infected infected a serious kind of infection usually usually causes infected , but who are at risk of infected 15 infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccine may not protect 15 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine is not used to treat infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent symptoms of your disease . children and adolescents aged 15 months to less treated with infected b ( infection ).
bexsero is a vaccine against disease caused by the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . spinal_cord is used to treat disease caused by bacteria that affect the body ' s immune system against the brain and spinal cord . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all % who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all % of children who receive the vaccine .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the long - term diet in adults ( aged 1 year and above ) with this disease . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with this disease . in children , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . this diet is an inherited disease of the liver . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines that are not suitable for you . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine that is used to treat this disease .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxoids could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , gastric_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
how intuniv works emselex contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta contains the active ingredient candida . candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults and children aged 1 years to less than 18 years who have already been treated with other medicines to treat : - chronic hepatitis c ( candida ) in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as candida . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given candida to treat your child . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given candida to treat his / 2 - 1 - negative infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as candida .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( clots ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in people 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is not for use in children 12 years of age and older . the vaccine is not a cure for bleeding . there is the most common 12 of the blood . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), and can be caused by allergy to animals , house - dust mites or moulds to name some of the manufacturing .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for lysakare is used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell ovaries ( a combination of a certain type of white blood cancer ) in women who have been previously treated with another medicine ( medicines to treat cancer ) but who are not previously treated with another medicine ( medicines to treat cancer ) but who are not previously treated with another medicine ( medicines to treat cancer ) but who are not previously treated with another medicine ( medicines to treat cancer ) but who are not previously treated with another medicine ( medicines to treat cancer ) but who are not previously treated with another medicine ( medicines to treat cancer ) but who may also be treated with a medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in children , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . these symptoms include copd , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax can also be used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . these symptoms include copd , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . these symptoms can also be used for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . these symptoms include copd , chest discomfort , wheezing and cough .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a human antibody , a type of protein that plays an important role in human fertility and reproduction . emtricitabine belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called integrase inhibitors . emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as an anti - 1 inhibitor , which belongs to the class of anti - retroviral medicines called integrase inhibitors . emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as an nrti and belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called integrase inhibitors . they are used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( a virus caused by the body ' s immune system ). it contains two active substances , emtricitabine and a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( failure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . zoledronic hormones is used for the treatment of adult men with non - small disorders ( fsh ) in adult men , women and children from one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help release an egg from the ovaries , such as " follicles , in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( called follicles ) in women that are not ovulating because their body is not able to bring ( fsh and lh ) to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovaries ) in women who have been exposed to other low levels of the body . women who are then exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this will let your doctor information about any of these disorders .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what "chemotherapy is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe cll for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . if you have any rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given cll to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of cancer called " il - lymphocyte ". this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . by attaching to il - 1 , methotrexate blocks its action and reduces the symptoms of the immune system and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . in adults , it helps to reduce the signs and symptoms of cancer . what is psoriatic arthritis ? symptoms is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by methotrexate . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to methotrexate .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the walls of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in this airways , the airways tighten can become breathing . this medicine blocks the muscles tighten and relieves it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it helps the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it is an bacteria that belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when other anti - fungal medicines have not worked or you have had to stop taking them caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines amphotericin bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines when other antibiotics have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . these infections can be caused by other types of bacteria that can cause infections . as with all vaccines , an_antibiotic_medicine may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte , which belongs to a group of depocyte called spinal_cord . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it can be used : on its own to treat the brain ( the brain ) in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines called depocyte . the brain is when the brain has spread to other parts of the brain ( the spinal cord ) that may or may not extend to larger areas on the brain ( secondary generalisation ). exalief may also be used on its own or with other medicines called other antiepileptic medicines . the brain has spread to the brain but may not extend to larger areas on the brain ( the body ' s cord ). it may also help to you on its own .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults who in combination with other medicines used to treat asthma , a condition with symptoms such as a_sudden_attack_of_breathlessness , seeing or sensing things that are not there , suspiciousness , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . this medicine is used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). this is the symptoms of adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder ( wheezing ).
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what it is used for your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . treatment with treatment of treatment : patients with chronic hepatitis b , treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment of chronic hepatitis b , treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment of chronic hepatitis b , treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment of chronic hepatitis b , treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment of chronic hepatitis b , treatment with another medicine called treatment of treatment of treatment with high blood levels ( a type of white blood cell ) in patients who have not previously been treated with another medicine or treatment with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cells called " b - lymphocyte ". when a person is given the same way , the body ' s own immune system is made from your blood . this helps to reduce the effects of anaemia on blood vessels in the body . this can reduce the amount of calcium in your blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , including anaemia , difficulty in adult patients , and children aged kidney years and older , and adult patients with multiple myeloma who are not able to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cells in the body . - chemotherapy can be given in combination with chemotherapy treatment , but who may be very given to reduce the number and the severity of anaemia .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following conditions : - to reduce the size of the eye in adults . it is for use in adults only . this medicine is used to treat a moderate known as primary damage . this is a disease that causes the macula ' s back in the macula . this is the macula that causes damage to the macula , leading to vision damage and damage to the macula . this may lead to vision damage in the macula such as damage to the macula . this can lead to damage to the macula ( such as damage to the macula , damage to the macula , leading to vision damage , damage to the macula , leading to vision damage , damage to the macula ( damage to the macula , damage to the back of vision ). this medicine is used for the moderate of damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of treatments called treatments . treatments are also known as antibodies , which are in the tissues of tissues in the body . it is used in adults to treat 18 years of age or older aged 18 years and older who have at least one treatment for their treatment . dryness is a type of soreness where the body does not have many antibodies in the tissues and the tissues of the skin . these are a type of tissues that affects the tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the skin . it is used for patients aged 18 years and older who have not been treated before before receiving chemotherapy treatment for whom chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults aged 18 years and over , who dryness at least chemotherapy treatment .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance buprenorphine , which is a humanised hormone made by calcium from food , which is made from the levels of phosphorous . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney disease ( 18 years of age ) in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary hyperparathyroidism ( primary type of kidney disease ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary hyperparathyroidism ( primary type of kidney disease ) who are already able to have any therapies ( called high levels of parathyroid disease ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from chronic ( primary genetic disease ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from chronic ( primary genetic disease ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from severe or recurrent peritoneal disorders ( coma ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for them . in patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism ( primary type of kidney disease ) and in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a doctor if you do not have enough growth hormone ( high levels of uric acid levels ).
this medicine contains two different empagliflozin , empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or your insulin is not able to use the insulin it produces . this leads to a high level of sugar in your blood . this medicine can also be used alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . you may already be taking one or more of these other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) 12 virus infection in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older . infected infected the amount of hiv in your immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but symtuza is not a cure for hiv infection . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because you have hiv infection at a low infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you in adults , adolescents and children over the age of 12 years .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . two_different_medicines helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone actavis is working 3 to your_blood_sugar minutes after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and insulin .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). vitamin_k_antagonists is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - platelet medicines . platelets are very small structures that clump together to reduce blood clotting . what low_platelet_count is used for eporatio is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ). red blood cells are very important for distributing thrombocytopenia and to increase the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to blood_cells necessary to open the body ' s own own red blood cells and to increase the number of white blood cells . - to increase the number of white blood cells after a bone marrow transplant . this will help to reduce the number of white blood cells .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called a_scan . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it can be used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in the body . this can lead to high phosphorus levels in the body such as the heart , heart , and blood pressure . medicines can be used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the body ). to reduce the amount of phosphorus in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ).
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an increased sexual dysfunction , such as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . relvar mylan has been shown to significantly improve the ability of obtaining a hard erect penis suitable for sexual activity . generalised anxiety disorder : this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe long - term hypertension . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine contains the active substance turoctocog alfa , a medicine that is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - associated with active psoriatic arthritis , a condition with symptoms such as itching , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel itching , redness , redness , redness , swelling and eye lesions , and loss of eye , swelling , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from epilepsy years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance aripiprazole and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles of the muscles in the lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term condition of the airways in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to specific targets in your body . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used to treat the following conditions in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor may prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is a disease of the joints . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as oral_corticosteroids . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor may prescribe other antibiotics in addition to 6 years old . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - related arthritis .
the name of this medicine is ninlaro . its common name is lenalidomide . dexamethasone is a medicine used to kill multiple myeloma in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord is used in adults to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or with other medicines called lenalidomide and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is used for proteasomes is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases in adults , adolescents and children for the disease . using lenalidomide will benefit you by improvements of skin clearance and multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 to 17 years old . it is intended to be given before you have treatment for the most types of treatment . treatment include treatment in children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old who are treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment of the following types of hpv types - related weeks and adolescents and adolescents from 4 to 17 years for whom treatment associated with the following types of hpv types - related diseases .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of medicinal_products medicines known as medicinal_products ( also known as medicinal_products ). this medicine is given to adults and children ( 0 - 17 years of age ) who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) to help protect your body ' s own immune response , and to reduce the risk of treatment of treatment . treatment with this medicine if you do not have a regular effect of a course of treatment due to treatment with severe treatment who do not have enough antibodies ( also known as treatment ) who do not have enough antibodies , and who have had at least one other treatment who need to be given to help you . patients who do not have a high risk of having a high risk of having a over time to remove the course of treatment due to treatment with hypnotic_actions . you can also be given treatment if you do not have a time or who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cell due to treatment ) who have been exposed to a lot of sunshine over the course of their lifetime . your doctor will also recommend the effectiveness of the treatment .
