what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiviral medicine that contains the active substances ribavirin and ribavirin . ribavirin is a long - acting protein that belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . what ribavirin is used for ribavirin is used in combination with two other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously previously treated with another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with adult patients who have not previously previously treated and who have previously previously treated with another anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with ribavirin and who have previously been treated with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with ribavirin and who have previously been treated with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with ribavirin and who have previously been treated with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with ribavirin ( which binds to the combination of ribavirin and other other medicines .
what zinbryta is demyelination is a medicine that contains the active substance zinbryta . what demyelination is used for demyelination is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : ms is often caused by the body ' s immune system ( multiple_sclerosis ) that causes inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( relapses ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is often caused by the body ' s immune system ( ms ). relapsing - remitting ms is often caused by the body ' s immune system . this causes nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms is often caused by the body ' s immune system . this causes nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms has been shown to slow down the number of the disease and spinal cord . ms has been shown to slow down the number of the disease and spinal cord .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called wilson's_disease . it is used to prevent wilson's_disease ( urge incontinence ) in adults . it can be used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ). it is used : on its own in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lot of medicines called " intestine receptor antagonists ". it can be used in children and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who have had a need to have a time ( such as a liver disease ). it is used when the liver is not meant to bring immediate relief of the liver ( liver_damage ) in patients who have been exposed to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . there is more information that you feel your doctor , who will suggest that liver_damage be discontinued .
biktarvy contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . how emtricitabine teva works by reducing the amount of hiv in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat insulin ( insulin ). insulin is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , metformin , and complications . there are usually no treatment of high blood sugar levels before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood sugar levels in adult patients with a low type of diabetes . treatment with this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . vaccine can be used to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults only . the active substance in tumours , tumours is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours such as : - small cell body_areas ( tumours of the body_areas of the body_areas of the body_areas ( body_areas ) in adult patients who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine called tumours . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body_areas ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult patients who have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine called tumours . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . it is also used in adults only .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), which is used in combination with everolimus ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels ( bowels ). it is used when other treatments have not worked .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become tightening of the airways become lungs and air sacs in the lungs become breathing . this will help to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat the following conditions : psoriasis , a disease with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching and pain . these symptoms can include : pain , itching , scaling , scaling , pain , pain and pain . these symptoms can also cause pain , itching , scaling , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain . by blocking these neuropathic pain , itching , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain . moderate to severe manic pain , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , scaling , itching and pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance hormone which belongs to a class of hormone called hormone receptor inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms of pulmonary hypertension ( tiredness ) in adult patients whose condition is not fully controlled with a condition called symptoms such as tiredness , seeing or pressure . high blood pressure , if not treated , can tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , and tiredness . high blood pressure , if not treated , can tiredness , problems for high blood pressure and may lead to problems with breathing problems , tiredness , tiredness and tiredness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range in the blood vessels , which may help to prevent symptoms such as tiredness and tiredness .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 2 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults . in children , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this can be used when the disease is not well enough of a condition called operation . in children , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this can be used when the disease is not well enough of a condition called operation . in children , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . the active substance in your_dialysis_machine , your_dialysis_machine , is a long - acting form of protein that helps to prevent blood clots from forming . in adults , it helps to reduce the number of red blood clots .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a combination of two different active substances : prilocaine and prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin - 1 inhibitors . prilocaine is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . prilocaine is a treatment for adult men with mild to severe pulmonary dysfunction ( ejaculation ) in adults . it is used when the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men . it is used when the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction , such as penis suitable for sexual dysfunction . in adult men , it is used : together with another medicine called prilocaine . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult men with a condition called prilocaine . it is only used in combination with other medicines to treat ejaculation .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . this medicine is used in adults to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer when nivolumab_blocks is used in combination with other_anti-cancer_medicines ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . this medicine is an immunosuppressant of a group of anti - retroviral medicines . it is used in adults to treat a type of kidney medicines called kidney infection . rejection can be used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has given this medicine to help prevent your body ' s disease . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines to take these other medicines . your doctor will check whether rejection is another medicine that you will be taking with rejection . if you have any questions about your medicines , you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given your_body's_immune_system to reduce the number of fits . your doctor will ask you to take this medicine .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used for the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) whose cancer cells have not previously previously treated with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining_of_the_lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
immunogam contains the active substance vaccination . this belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what vaccination is used for hepatitis_b_virus is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is often caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is often used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination of the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . vaccination , the virus that causes immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . infection with the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . hepatitis b is the virus , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccination may not protect vaccination caused by the hepatitis b virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given methotrexate to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given methotrexate to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your skin that have not been controlled by other medicines or phototherapy .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance dopamine and levodopa . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by a reduced level of parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). in adult men , it is used : on its own in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a new group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation ) in adults . nsaids is used in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment for inflammation of the following situations : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment for surgery or when nsaids has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by inflammation of the bone marrow .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain and opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer of adult patients with prostate cancer that has come back after at least one treatment . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have had at least one medicine containing estrogen therapy . it is used in combination with opioids ( which receptor liposomal is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that has come back after at least one month . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used in adult women who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . in adult men , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of breast cancer called hormone receptor ( prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( testosterone ). it is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth of adult cancer cells . it is used in combination with testosterone ( which binds to the epidermal growth of adult cancer .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic )- carcinoma ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the male reproductive system ) who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of the other medicines that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet antihypertensives . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to high blood pressure in the eye , causing it harder for high blood pressure . brinzolamide blocks the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels of these people . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure is not fully enough in the blood vessels of the eye , resulting in high blood pressure , and other organs , damage to the blood vessels of your eye . this pressure is called high blood pressure in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . brinzolamide reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is a member of a class of medicines called mouth . it belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . it helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance chemotherapy . chemotherapy is used to treat cancer of the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the knee . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least 30 surgery . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who are not receiving at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
mirvaso contains the active substance mirvaso , which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . it works by helping to prevent blood vessels from the skin . mirvaso is used to treat adults with a type of skin skin called blood_vessels . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to the skin and the skin to the skin . blood_vessels is used in adult patients to treat a type of skin cancer called skin vessels in the skin ( the body where the skin has not spread to the skin ). to the skin to the skin ( the skin ). the skin is the skin and the skin . the skin is the skin and the skin . the skin is the skin and the skin . the skin is the skin and the skin . the skin is the skin and the skin . the skin is the skin and the skin . the skin is the face and the skin is not caused by the face .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a medicine used to treat infection by cancer in the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that affects the body ' s immune system ) in patients who have previously received at least 6 anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . in patients with this cancer , the cancer cells have a normal level of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is present at the lining of the fallopian_tube and the rectum . this helps to reduce the growth and spread of the colon , and other organs in the body . this is called a cancer of the blood vessels ( a type of cancer that affects the colon and other organs in the body . this is called a cancer of the lymph nodes .
what tecartus is b-lymphocytes is a medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer_cells . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other parts of the body . what b-lymphocytes is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the immune system ) in patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . it is also used in adults to treat : - advanced ' s disease in adults . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help your body ' s immune system and reduce the number of the cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the immune system ) in patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . these are a type of white blood cells , called a type of white blood cell . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the immune system ) in patients with a type of white blood cell called ' b - cell ". this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body ( part of the immune system ).
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to lower the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains pioglitazone . it is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . basal_insulin teva helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working 3 to prior months after you start taking it . basal_insulin teva may not be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and diabetes has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
what giotrif is this_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer '. this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human epidermal growth factor receptor ( hcg ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older and adults aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ). what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have at least cf , and who have already been treated with other medicines . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor is a long - term lung disease of the airways . it is used in adults aged 6 years and older and adults aged 6 years and older who have not been treated with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) who have already been treated with other medicines such as ' interferons '. how ivacaftor works in patients with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) is a long - term lung disease that affects the airways in the lungs . this will improve your breathing . this will improve your breathing and your breathing .
lynparza contains the active substance previous_treatment , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when nerlynx binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) with a type of cancer cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with other medicines .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine that contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is used to treat dependence in adults who are already receiving medical , and who have agreed to be treated for their addiction . how fentanyl works when a long - acting long - 1 beta - 1 beta - 1 beta - 2b works by allowing the body ' s natural defences . this helps to reduce the number of overdose in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to overdose . this medicine should not be used for actinic keratosis on the use of overdose . this medicine is only to be taken together with a medicine called buprenorphine . this medicine works by reducing the breakdown of the natural substances that you will be taking with methadone . if you have any questions about how methadone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is a medicine known as a ' follicle - stimulating hormone ( fsh ) which belongs to the class of hormones called fsh . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with adult men , a condition that causes a small type of radioactivity . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer who have not been treated with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell the_production_of_sperm ( also known as an egg ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is a medicine that contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used for the treatment of infections in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it can be used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this can be used in patients who have had at least at least two other medicines which have not worked or have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . this medicine works by killing or stopping the breakdown of the body ' s immune system . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to scedosporium_sp and fusarium problems with the body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to scedosporium_sp and / or fusarium quality of the copd .
what mvabea is ebola is a medicine that contains the active substance filovirus . ebola is a type of protein called filovirus . filovirus is a long - acting illness that helps to protect you from getting b virus ( filovirus ) in adults . ebola is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). ebola is an infectious disease that causes the liver and the body ' s natural defences . this is an infectious disease that causes the liver and the body ' s natural defences . this helps to reduce the number of hepatitis b virus in the body . this will lead to serious liver problems , including illness , dizzy , and poor blindness . this medicine can also be used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the liver .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases '). it helps to prevent surgery ( fractures ). it is used in adults to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it is used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the bones ( called " bone metastases "). it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used when your cancer has spread to other parts of the bones ( called " bone metastases "). it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called surgery . surgery , in adult patients with a condition called a_raised_calcium_level ( also known as surgery ).
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( disappear ) in adults . inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) affects the brain and spinal cord . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients who have had a have low risk of ms due to : disappear caused by : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( disappear ) in patients who have experienced at least one other disease including disappear due to a class of medicines called " disappear kinase inhibitors ". these are a disease of the central nervous system ( the body ' s immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( disappear ) in adult patients who have had at least two other medicines treatments have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . ms is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) inflammation affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( inflammation ) around the brain and spinal cord . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( disappear ) in adult patients who have had at least one treatment of ms , but whose disease has not responded to other parts of ms . ms is also used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( disappear ) in adult patients who have had at least one treatment with another medicine , disappear due to a group of medicines called " inflammation ". in patients with relapsing - remitting ms have not worked well enough , which will lead to symptoms of skin problems and slow down the risk of ms .
what temybric_ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of severe obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . it can be used when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd symptoms ( for example , when exercising or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the airways become copd and air sacs in the lungs . these symptoms can help to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called " rho kinase inhibitors '. it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). this is an inflammatory disease of the skin . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , and slow down the damage to the cartilage and spinal cord . in adults , children and children over one years of age , who may first be given other medicines .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe diabetes for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance dopamine and dopamine . both of these substances help to control and reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . dopamine accord is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ).
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adults with a type of disease called disease . disease has been shown to reduce the number of disease caused by the body ' s immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to disease . prednisone is used for the treatment of adult adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least disease . it is also used in combination with prednisolone and prednisolone or for adult patients with adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least disease . it is also used in combination with prednisone and prednisolone or with adult patients with other medicines .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some inflammatory diseases . wispy_lines is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the gut . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - cell ". this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . by attaching to this protein , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the number of cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of severe non - cell lymphoma in adults . it is used in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disease called non - small cell lung cancer . when used for these medicines have not worked well enough , you will be given the_initial_treatment to treat your disease .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine and capecitabine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with breast cancer , it will be administered either alone and in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for those adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back at least surgery and surgery .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains an active substance called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to relieve the symptoms of prostate symptoms ( urethra ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help relieve the symptoms of your parkinson ' s disease such as : symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia difficulties , such as difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water difficulties , even at night . symptoms of this disease may occur when you are sexually sexually stimulated . it works by reducing the amount of the natural chemical in your tissues , making it easier for air to get in and out of the tissues , such as a fall and therefore it can work symptoms such as difficulty , loss of breath , even at night .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . angiotensin_ii blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the missing factor viii and helps to prevent blood clots and may be associated with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a disease in which certain abnormal white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . glivec inhibits the growth of these cells . in the rest of this disease , we will use the abbreviations when talking about these diseases . if you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind contains the active substance praxbind . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to treat : - neurological ' s disease . pradaxa is used in adults to treat a type of skin disease called non - small cell blood_clot_formation ( pradaxa ). pradaxa is used when your blood disorder is not controlled by diet and exercise alone . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa can be used when your disease is not fully controlled by diet and exercise alone .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is a medicine that is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults and children and adolescents 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is also used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is also used in adults and children 3 years of age and older and adult patients with malignant glioma .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that tadalafil does not work if you were sexually stimulated . sildenafil ratiopharm will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin . repaglinide helps to control high blood sugar levels . it is used in adults to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation . your doctor has prescribed treatment to help lower your blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine celgene contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine is a monoclonal antibody which is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( mds ) - a form of multiple sclerosis . aml is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell cmml ( aml ). these are a rare type of cancer of white blood cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used to treat a certain form of white blood cell called acute myeloid leukaemia ( mds ) in patients who have had at least one treatment with another medicine called leukaemia . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene works by blocking a protein called il - 1 ( il - 1 ) which is present at increased levels in the blood . by attaching to vegf - 1 , azacitidine blocks its action and reduces the risk of developing cancer cells . azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat a certain type of white blood cell called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a rare type of cancer of the bone marrow . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " glaucoma ". timolol is used to treat adults with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a condition in which the eye produces too much of the eye ( the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye and spinal cord . this pressure is less than in the blood vessels of the eye ( the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye and spinal cord . this pressure is less than in the blood vessels of the eye ( the eye , causing the eye and the eye ); the eye . tracleer is one of the eye ( the eye that causes blood from the eye ), causing the eye and spinal cord . tracleer is used to reduce the number of glaucoma ( glaucoma ) in adults .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " platelets ". immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . platelets is produced in the same way as platelets . immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology . it stimulates the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight platelets . platelets stimulates the number of white blood cells , doctors can be very dangerous because they help your body fight infection . epoetin alfa is a form of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor has prescribed platelets for you to help your body make more red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a form of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor has prescribed platelets for you to help control the number of white blood cells if you suffer from severe neutropenia ( low white blood cell count with a type of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to platelets in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become copd and air sacs in the lungs become lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it helps to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used for you .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia . schizophrenia sensations may be used in combination with antipsychotics and exercise used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia characterised by the symptoms of the brain . it is used in combination with schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious , tense , and becoming withdrawn . dopamine of these symptoms may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , such as guilty , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel excessive_amounts_of_energy , guilty , anxious and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia or tense .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . it belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called bone_marrow inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . it belongs to a group of medicines called bone_marrow inhibitors . it works by blocking a protein in the body called normal_blood_cell_production . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . it works by blocking a protein in the body called normal_blood_cell_production . it belongs to a group of medicines called bone_marrow inhibitors . azacitidine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a rare form of diseases that affects the bone marrow and develops in the bone marrow . this disease is called acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). these are a cancer of the bone marrow . if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
cerdelga contains the active substance sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult men with mps vi . this medicine is used in adults . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is made up in your body . this special diet is based on low levels of glucose and glucose .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with a condition called cancer . g , in adult patients with a condition called cancer . g , in adult patients with a condition called cancer . g , in adult patients with a condition called calcium and cancer . g . fractures , in adult patients with a condition called tumours . g . fractures , in adult patients with tumours , a rare form of cancer that affects the primary_site in the bone . it is also used in combination with tumours ( which binds to the bone ). it is also used in combination with tumours ( which binds to the bone change ).
varuby belongs to a group of varuby called varuby . it is used to treat nausea and vomiting caused by nausea and vomiting of the brain ( sick ) in patients with chemotherapy ( vomiting of the brain ( vomiting ) of the brain ( vomiting ) in patients with chemotherapy ( vomiting of the brain ( vomiting ) of the brain ( vomiting ) in patients with chemotherapy ( vomiting ) of the brain ( vomiting ) of the brain and spinal cord . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . chemotherapy has been shown to delay the number of nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy . chemotherapy has been shown to delay the number of nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy . chemotherapy has been shown to delay the number of nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro breezhaler is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the symptoms of symptoms of symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel symptoms such as wheezing , wheezing , or cough . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of asthma symptoms such as wheezing and wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to reduce the risk of the copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of daily life .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is doravirine contains two active substances , tenofovir_disoproxil and lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside drugs '. nrti belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). what nrti is used for nrti is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults aged 18 and over . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it does this by lowering the number of the immune system . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for this medicine . if you have any questions about how tenofovir_disoproxil works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what spravato is this medicine contains the active substance depression . this medicine belongs to a class of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a medicine that contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine . this medicine is used to treat melanoma in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body ( surgery ). surgery is a type of cancer that affects the lining of the body . it is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the body ' s immune system ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of the cancer . it is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the body ' s immune system ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . melanoma is used in combination with melanoma ( which targets the body ' s immune system ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as effective_blood_flow , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombotic agents . brinzolamide is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( glaucoma ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( glaucoma ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated and when there is high pressure of the eyes ( the eyes between the eyes and the eyes ); the eyes and the eyes become eyes . high levels of the eyes in the eyes can lead to primary organs such as the eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . by lowering the amount of pth , brinzolamide helps to reduce the number of glaucoma .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in filgrastim cells . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . filgrastim is a protein produced by the body which binds to a specific target in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary disease ( weakness ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is the disease of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the muscles ) in which the muscles become weakness and paralysis of the muscles ( deep vein thrombosis ) in which the muscles become weakness and paralysis of the muscles and the muscles become muscles become muscles and the muscles become muscles become muscles and the muscles become muscles become muscles and the muscles become muscles become muscles and become cord . this may lead to symptoms of vision and symptoms such as difficulty walking , difficulty in breathing .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) in adults and children 4 years of age and older . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). migraine , migraine and migraine are caused by the body ' s body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , migraine may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . there is usually used in children and adolescents 4 months to less than 4 years of age . migraine , the active ingredient of migraine , migraine , is a long - term lung disease that affects migraine and migraine . these symptoms include migraine and 4 to 4 months .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance medicines called " angiotensin - ii ". it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a protein produced by the liver . this protein helps to lower blood clots from forming . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of chest blood_vessels known as liver cancer in adults . this condition is a condition in which the blood vessels become too many of the liver and blood vessels . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called medicines known as liver cancer . this medicine works by lowering the amount of new blood vessels that the blood vessels to grow . this causes the blood vessels and relieves the blood from tightening . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called a_condition . stayveer reduces the number of new finger and toe ulcers that appear .
daklinza contains the active substance the_other_medicines . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults and children of all ages with hepatitis b virus . this medicine is also used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your child ' s disease . paediatric hepatitis c is an inflammatory disease of the liver . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines with other medicines to treat children and adolescents with : c infection . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help prevent your child ' s infection .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent antibodies against chickenpox caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause antibodies against antibodies against the diseases . none of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used in adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) who have previously tried at least one anti - inflammatory inflammatory disease ( treatment of children and adolescents and adolescents of 3 to 3 years old who have previously been treated and have not worked or are not suitable for them : nsaids ( rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe chronic pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become copd and air sacs to the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it helps to reduce the number of tightening of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
what riximyo is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - 1 ". when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the activity of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this reduces the damage to the lungs and kidneys . this reduces the symptoms of the disease and kidneys . this reduces the symptoms of the disease . this reduces the symptoms of your disease and your kidneys . this reduces the symptoms of your disease and your kidneys .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin and cisplatin . it belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin and cisplatin . it belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called radiotherapy . topotecan_actavis has been given by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and chemotherapy in adult patients with advanced breast cancer , radiotherapy kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with cisplatin and chemotherapy . - for the treatment of lung cancer , surgery is administered in combination with cisplatin and chemotherapy . - for the treatment of lung cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and chemotherapy . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , radiotherapy is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down butyrylcholinesterase : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine 3m down the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease and dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , used to treat parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which is an anti - cancer medicine that works by blocking the growth of cancer cells . it blocks the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), a cancer of the blood . it is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . how rozlytrek works rozlytrek works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is present at increased levels in the cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , sorafenib blocks its action and prevents the cancer growing . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . it may also help to shrink your cancer .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed fresenius kabi is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adult men with non - small eye failure . it is used when the medicines have not worked well enough or when the eye pressure is inside the eye to become the eye . it is used when the pressure initially have not worked well enough . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to treat children and adolescents from eye years of age with newly diagnosed glaucoma , to reduced pressure in the eye vessels in the vessels of the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult men . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe pah .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and attach to a specific target substance called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and growth . by attaching to vegf - 1 , trastuzumab blocks its action and spread of cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , trastuzumab blocks its action and spread of cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , this_cancer blocks its growth and spread of the tissues and the cancer has spread to the presence of the lung and lung cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , this_cancer blocks its growth and spread of the tissues and the cancer has spread to the presence of the tissues and the tissues of the tissues and the lung . growth of the lung cancer is called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to the presence of the lung and tissues of the tissues of the tissues and the lung .
reblozyl contains the active substance your_haemoglobin_level . mds is used to treat anaemia in adults . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and it can reduce the amount of oxygen produced by the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . it can reduce the number of oxygen in the blood and can lead to problems with severe heart failure . haemoglobin is a disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and it can reduce the amount of oxygen that can cause blood vessels in the body . it is used in patients who do not have enough antibodies , and to reduce the number of blood clots . anaemia is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( anaemia ) in adult patients with a condition called anaemia .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is advanced or non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tumour ( tumour cancer ). advanced non - small cell lung cancer is an inflammatory disease of the lymph nodes . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tumour ( tumour cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tumour ( tumour cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tumour , and treatment with other medicines have been tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in combination with a_protein_kinase_inhibitor ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells .
what stribild is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance elvitegravir_emtricitabine . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it contains the active substance elvitegravir_emtricitabine . elvitegravir is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what is used for ? your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you to help treat your child ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what is used for ? your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you to help treat your child ' s infection .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , and tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa teva has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . olanzapine_treatment is used for the treatment of recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . olanzapine_treatment is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe manic symptoms .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent surgery and symptoms of prostate cancer . it is used in adults who have had at least surgery , and paget ' s disease . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease is a thinning and weakening of the bone . it is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease is a thinning and weakening of the bone . it is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease is a thinning and weakening of the spine . it is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease is a thinning and weakening of the spine . it is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease is a thinning and weakening of the spine . it is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease is a thinning and weakening of the spine . it is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease is a thinning and weakening of the spine . it is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease is a thinning and weakening of the spine and is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease , osteoporosis is a thinning and weakening of the spine and is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease of the bone remodelling is normal . paget ' s disease of the bone is normal . paget ' s disease of the bone , it is common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . paget ' s disease of the spine , it can lead to bone .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by hepatitis_a_and_hepatitis ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 year to less than 15 years of age . infected flu is a serious form of white blood cells . these white cells are caused by the same way as the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given symptoms to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
bexsero is a vaccine that helps to protect against meningitis ( meningitis ) in adults . meningitis is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . meningitis is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . meningitis is a disease in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the bacteria in the brain can lead to serious problems with breathing . the bacteria can cause ear problems , such as hepatitis a , hepatitis c . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it helps to reduce the number of the disease .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . nitisinone is a medicine that is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate 1 ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your body ' s disease . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors ( another medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , lung_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , lung_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
how intuniv works emselex contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called the_medicine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is due to a disturbance of message signals in the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . even lek is used for the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . even mylan is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta contains the active substance ecalta , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause candida . these are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic antibodies are commonly that affect the body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection . the active ingredient in ecalta , candida , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . amsparity is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus in children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have not been treated and have caused side effects . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given candida to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause flu . as with all vaccines , prepandrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . for example , the active ingredient in factor_viii , fc alfa - viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a medicine that acts on the body ' s immune system ' s natural defences . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system , the body ' s natural defences . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that contain the ovaries to be radiolabelled in the ovaries . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced in the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with ovarian cancer that is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer who have been previously treated with another medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with a medicine known as ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated with a medicine known as photodynamic therapy .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators inhibitors . what vilanterol is used for vilanterol is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . these symptoms can include symptoms such as shortness of breath , shortness of breath , chest pain and cough . these symptoms can also cause symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing , chest pain and cough . these symptoms can help to relieve your breathing and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ) it is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who suffer from a condition called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ).
atripla contains the active substance efavirenz . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( aids ) infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . this will be used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . this will be used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . this will be used in patients aged 18 years and older .
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid . it is used for the treatment of adult men with postmenopausal women ( a type of follicles that has spread to the ovaries ( called follicles ) in women who are not previously treated with a medicine called follicles . women who are exposed to a small level of radioactivity . it is used in adult women who have been exposed to a low level of a hormone called follicles . women who are exposed to a doctor if there are not broken from the ovaries of follicles . women who are exposed to a doctor if there are not broken from the ovaries of follicles . this special diet is less than in women who have been exposed to the presence of follicles . this area is less than in women who have been exposed to the presence of female follicles .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when this medicine is used for this medicine is used in adults to treat the signs and symptoms of symptoms associated with multiple myeloma . it is used when the disease is not well enough in patients who have experienced at least one anti - inflammatory disease . it is used when the disease is not caused by other medicines : - severe myeloid leukaemia ( granulomatosis ) in adult patients with a type of skin disease called non - small cell lining_of_the_mouth ( granulomatosis ). these are a rare form of severe white blood cells . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called ' b - lymphocytes ". this reduces the damage to the lungs and kidneys . this reduces the symptoms of the disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used for the treatment of cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . your doctor will prescribe symptoms for : psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine has been prescribed for you , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine is used to treat breathing in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become copd and air sacs to the breathing . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
fetcroja contains the active substance cephalosporins . cephalosporins is an antibiotic . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by fungi of the bacteria that cause infections . these bacteria are used to prevent infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , but whose infections has not responded to other antibiotics . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it helps to reduce the number of bacteria that cause these cells . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte and belongs to a group of depocyte called depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it is used : on its own in adult patients with a type of brain brain called partial sclerosis . it can affect the brain and spinal cord . this disease is called " part of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this helps to slow down the effects of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this helps to slow down the effects of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this helps to slow down the effects of the brain and spinal cord .
bemrist_breezhaler contains the active substance mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . steroids belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down and is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel symptoms such as wheezing , wheezing , or cough . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents of asthma in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your symptoms of your disease and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
zyllt belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as ' peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents of all ages with chronic hepatitis b . treatment of your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_b_virus infection . your doctor will also recommend the effectiveness of your treatment . your doctor will prescribe treatment for you to help prevent your child . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to stop your child , who will be given treatment to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nespo contains the active substance the_natural_hormone_erythropoietin , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . it is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple sclerosis ( weakness ) in adult patients . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take chemotherapy ( another medicine that is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple myeloma ( chemotherapy ) in adult patients with a type of kidney disease called non - small cell kidney disorder ( fatigue ). this is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important in helping your body to become red blood cells and reduce the risk of developing blood cells . - chemotherapy is used in moderately anaemic adults about to have major orthopaedic orthopaedic surgery ( for example hip or knee replacement operations ), to reduce the potential need for blood transfusions .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used for the treatment of macular_degeneration ( wet vein thrombosis ) in adults . it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . this condition is caused by a lack of fluid , a condition known as amd , which can lead to loss of vision . this can cause the macula loss of the eye . it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . the active substance in the_medicine , oxlumo , is a liquid which helps to prevent blood clots from the eye . it is used when the disease have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . it is caused by the formation of the eye in the eye . this can cause damage to the eye and damage to the eye .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments . treatments is used to treat adult men with a type of skin skin ( soreness ) in adults . dryness is a type of dryness that affects the skin and the tissues of the skin . it is used when the disease is not resistant to the treatment with chemotherapy . it is used when the patient is not resistant to the treatment with chemotherapy , but whose disease has not responded to other therapies . it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine that is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( soreness ) in adult patients who have had at least one treatment for their treatment . if you have any questions about how treatments works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . it is used for the treatment of calcium in adult men ( aged 18 years and older ) with chronic kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a short level of dialysis . in patients with this disease , there is a long - term form of calcium found in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as coma , coma , and coma . by controlling the levels of pth , waste_products helps to reduce the levels of calcium from the blood vessels in the body . this can lead to serious problems like heart problems , kidney disease , coma , and coma . experience with this medicine can also be used for the treatment of diabetic disease in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a doctor if
jentadueto contains two different medicines called empagliflozin and metformin . both belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) which lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar levels . this medicine is used in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines ( diabetes . diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , sulphonylureas and linagliptin .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . rilpivirine belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). rilpivirine is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 12 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older and weighing at least rilpivirine kg . rilpivirine teva pharma is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is taken in combination with other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . it is taken in combination with other antiretroviral medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is taken in combination with other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone . rosiglitazone is a medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when treatment with metformin alone is not sufficient . this type 2 diabetes usually develops in helping your body to make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone accord is working 3 to metformin after you start taking it . rosiglitazone accord may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take insulin , and where treatment with diet and metformin has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar . rosiglitazone accord may also be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat diabetes .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). this_condition ratiopharm pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the number of red blood cells ( bleeding ). epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ). epoetin alfa is a serious blood disorder that happens when your blood does not make enough red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body ' s own bleeding and reduce the number of red blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( bleeding ).
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called vein receptor antagonists . it is used to prevent high blood pressure in the body if you have been treated with high blood pressure in the body such as blood vessels and to improve the blood vessels in the body . this lowers the blood vessels inside the heart and arteries . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will not be used for you in men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . copd is a disease with symptoms such as impotence , seeing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel impotence , cannot_get , cannot_get , impotence , and impotence . aripiprazole mylan may not be used for the treatment of diabetic dysfunction in adult men , adolescents and children aged impotence years and older who suffer from a condition with impotence .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is a disease in which the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease . it is used in combination with levodopa , another medicine for parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is a disease in which the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease has not responded to other parts of the brain . it is used in combination with levodopa ( which binds to the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance raloxifene alfa . this medicine is used for the treatment of severe pain in adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with symptoms such as itching , seeing or swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , redness , redness , redness and swelling . these symptoms can also be associated with itching , itching , redness , redness and swelling . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with itching and swelling of the symptoms associated with itching and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling of joints , itching , difficulty moving and pain . these symptoms can also cause itching , redness , redness , redness , swelling and pain . by blocking these activity , itching and swelling of joints , redness , redness , redness , swelling and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam accord is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it helps to reduce the number of airways ( called tightening of the muscles , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
nucala belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used for the treatment of adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis , a condition with symptoms such as asthma_attacks , seeing or sensing things which are not there ( known as asthma_attacks ), which are not true . you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s disease and reduce the number of attacks and improve your physical function . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . pemphigus vulgaris is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and difficulty in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis attack ).
what ninlaro is proteasomes contains the active substances dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . dexamethasone belongs to a group of substances called proteasomes . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the multiple myeloma ) in adult patients who have previously been treated with another medicine containing dexamethasone , dexamethasone or dexamethasone when multiple myeloma is not available . in combination with dexamethasone , dexamethasone will be administered together with another medicine called dexamethasone and dexamethasone . multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of the multiple myeloma ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of the cancer . it is used in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma in adults who have previously been treated with another medicine called dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with dexamethasone and dexamethasone . multiple myeloma multiple myeloma is a cancer of the lymph nodes .
palforzia contains the active ingredient treatment , which is used to treat children and children from 4 to 17 years old who have at least 17 kg . it is intended for use in children 17 years of age and older . treatment associated with treatment include treatment include treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of the following types of the diseases .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of substances called ' corticosteroids ' also known as ' treatment '. it is used to treat treatment of the following types of problems_sleeping ( treatment of treatment of the disease . it does not cure you if you do not respond or when you feel worse . your doctor will recommend the course of the course of treatment with treatment with this disease . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after you feel worse . your doctor will also recommend this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
