incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . peginterferon_alfa belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used in adults , adolescents and children who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv - 1 ) infection . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c ( hcv infection ). previously treated adult patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to a treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation of the immune system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . ms is often used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord .
wilzin contains the active substance miglustat hydrochloride . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". it is used to treat adults and children of liver problems ( including liver incontinence ) in adults . it is used in adult patients who do not have erectile dysfunction ( a condition of the liver ) of the liver ( the body ' s immune system ) and the liver is not able to use the intestine ( the most common liver ) in adult patients where the body does not have enough protection ( antibodies ) when the liver does not have any identified cause . this can cause the liver ( the body ' s natural defences ) and may help to reduce the amount of liver_damage that the body are not able to use the intestine . this condition is less than high blood through the liver .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because you have infection , and with other antiretroviral medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child to reduce the number of hiv in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child to reduce the number of your illness .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when novonorm is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps to control the level of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . treatment with treatment to follow the blood vessels tightening , which helps to lower the level of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent influenza ( flu ) caused by flu . it is given to prevent flu ( flu ) caused by flu . the vaccine works by helping the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation medicines . these medicines are used to treat radiation . it is used in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines ( medicines known as tumours medicines ). it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines ( medicines known as tumours medicines ). it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines ( medicines known as tumours medicines ). it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called radiation . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines
afinitor is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer that is advanced or has spread to other parts of the pancreas ( tumour ). advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer ) is used to treat non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer ) in adults ( non - small cell lung cancer ), non - small cell lung cancer ), cancer cancer is a cancer of certain parts of the body . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain hormones ). ∑ you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when they are taken regularly , they help to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma better . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of pain called non - small arthritis , such as burning , burning , itching , pain , pain or scaling . these symptoms include itching , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . this medicine works by reducing the activity of il - 1 beta , which may help to prevent pain , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and needles . experience with this condition may also feel itching , itching , scaling , pain , scaling , scaling , pain and pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a group of medicines called hormone kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels , which can lead to problems with high blood pressure in the body . high blood pressure , if not treated , can lead blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart problems , heart failure , tiredness , and poor swelling . this pressure can also be used for high blood pressure in adult patients with a condition called cteph . stayveer is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can lead blood years of age with high blood pressure .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium ( also known as enoxaparin_sodium ). what your_dialysis_machine is used for your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and above who have already been shown to reduce the chance of a blood clot forming in your blood . this can reduce the chance of a blood clot forming in your blood . this can reduce the risk of blood clots forming in your blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in adult patients with a form of heart failure called ' atrial fibrillation '. this condition is known as ' myocardial infarction ' ( vitamin infarction ' or ' myocardial infarction ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). in adults , it helps to prevent normal blood clots from forming in your body . this reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a member of a class of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to relieve the symptoms of head and small penis in the penis in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children of breath difficulties and older . it is used only to make an erection in men who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( ejaculation ). in adults it is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( lifelong_premature_ejaculation incontinence ) in adult men . it is used only to make an erection to relax , and to reduce the amount of ejaculation that reaches the penis for the penis to the penis into the penis , making it easier for air to get in and out of the penis to the penis to the penis . it is used for the treatment of adult men .
opdivo is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . these_other_medicines is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer that has spread beyond the original surgery or cannot be removed after surgery ( medicines to kill them ), or other systemic medicines that have not worked well enough or cannot be stopped . nivolumab is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ), or when you have had one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
clopidogrel_tad bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus , which belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin agonists ". it is used to treat rejection in adults . rejection is a condition in which the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used in adults to treat your body ' s body ' s own heart , heart or heart or heart failure . rejection can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to your current treatment . your doctor will decide to give you rejection when you are being treated with these medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
clopidogrel_zentiva bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
the name of this medicine is yttriga . this medicine is an antitumour agent . caelyx alfa is a protein produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight cells and destroy cancer cells . epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to produce its own white blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - non - small cell lung cancer ( also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - non - small cell lung cancer ( also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when used for the treatment of adult patients with combined mixed dyslipidaemia with another medicine called ' alfa ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in the creation of adult patients with low non - fallopian lung cancer .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of these cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . there is no safety or efficacy information on the treatment of treatment with advanced stage of lung cancer .
immunogam contains the active substance immunogam , which belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is used to treat adults and children of vaccination caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the vaccination . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the vaccination . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the vaccination . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the immune system and the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ). the virus causes the immune system and the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the illness . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause hepatitis b . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to vaccination .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adults it helps to control the levels of dopamine in the brain in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adults it helps to control the effects of dopamine on the brain in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you continue with your diet and exercise plan .
yellox contains the active substance yellox , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant to help prevent inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation ( inflammation of the inflammation of the inflammation in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant to help prevent inflammation caused by inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) which can be caused by a donor , inflammation of the bone marrow , bone marrow , bone marrow and bone marrow , bone marrow , bone marrow and bone marrow , bone marrow , red eyes , bone marrow and bone marrow , bone marrow , red eyes , bone marrow and bone marrow , red eyes , red or bone marrow , red eyes , bone marrow and bone marrow , red eyes , red eyes ( skin lesions ).
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids is used to treat prostate cancer in adult women who have prostate cancer due to a small level of opioids called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have prostate cancer of a prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer that has come back after at least one other anti - cancer medicine used to treat prostate cancer in patients who have prostate cancer due to a low level of prostate cancer . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when prostate cancer : prostate cancer : prostate cancer : prostate cancer ( prostate cancer that is resistant to the presence of female hormones ). women with prostate cancer that has come during their effects .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of testosterone called testosterone . it is used in adult women who have had at least one other anti - cancer medicine that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " metastatic " metastatic " basal cell hormone " prostate cancer " prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ). women who have not had other parts of the body called " normal hormone " ( testosterone ).
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance scan , which is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". when a test is given the cancer of your doctor , you will have a test in a gene called ' t790m ' ( p177plu ) inhibitors . these are a type of cancer of white blood cells . it is given in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( a_pet_scan ). her2 is a type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines ( radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . this pressure is called high blood pressure in the eye . high blood pressure is high or with high pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to high blood pressure in the eye . this pressure can lead to high blood pressure , which could lead to serious organs such as heart failure , damage , or damage . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . high pressure pressure in the eye ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . brinzolamide reduces the amount of new finger and toe ulcers that appear . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". any_insulin is used to treat diabetes in adults aged diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much the_insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 . how does synjardy work ? type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell 30 ( 30 ). it is used in adults and children ( aged 30 years and above ) who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the back of your back ( bone lesions ). in adults 30 is used in combination with chemotherapy , a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . chemotherapy is used in adults and children ( aged 30 years and older ) who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow to the back ( bone ). it is used in combination with other medicines used to treat chemotherapy in adults and children aged 30 years and older .
mirvaso contains the active substance mirvaso , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type blood_vessels ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping the blood vessels in your skin . this helps to reduce the blood vessels inside the skin . this helps to reduce the amount of blood_vessels that can make into the blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the skin . this causes the skin to expand , leading to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . this helps to reduce the amount of blood_vessels that can make into the skin and face . if the blood vessels to grow , the blood vessels provide the skin and skin . this can cause the blood vessels inside the skin , making it easier for the face to pump blood through them . this lowers the damage to the face , leading to the illness .
mvasi contains the active substance paclitaxel , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance in the body . a_chemotherapy_regimen is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell fallopian_tube ( lymph_vessels ). it is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer and head and neck cancer in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced cervical cancer when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
tecartus is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance other_medicines ( also known as the_cancer_cells ). these proteins are made from the body ' s immune system to help fight your own immune system . a type of white blood cells called t - lymphocytes . these are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight and destroy its own white blood cells . this can increase the amount of multiple myeloma in your blood . this can help to reduce the effects of a type of white blood cell called t - lymphocytes . these are a type of white blood cells that are important in your body . this can increase the amount of white blood cells . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the body ' s doctor .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following the advice on diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine which belongs to a class of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". basal_insulin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the insulin that the body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range ( such as insulin , insulin , insulin and insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by blocking a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells grow out of control . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine is used together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in certain parts of the body ( metastatic ) and - metastatic metastatic growth factor receptor ( egfr ).
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat cf in adults aged 6 years and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have at least 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . in patients with cystic fibrosis ( aids ) it is used for patients aged 6 years and older .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe ontruzant for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of breast cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). cancer cells have a particular protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . it slows down the growth of certain cancer cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a long - acting long - acting overdose . methadone is used to treat dependence in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older , and adolescents aged 14 years and older who have at least 14 kg and who have already been treated with one or more of 14 kg . how methadone works the active substances in methadone , methadone , this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose . what methadone is used for methadone is used in adults to treat overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who have already been treated for their addiction if they do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you will take this medicine if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which belongs to a class of substances called fsh ( fsh ) inhibitors . fsh belongs to a group of hormones called " fsh ", which contain an important role in reproduction and reproduction . they are involved in reproduction and fertility , which are involved in the growth and development of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , fsh is needed for the growth and development of several follicles . this medicine is used to treat adult women who have had at least one prior treatment for treatment with a medicine called ' lutropin alfa ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of brain cancer called non - small cell pregnant ( treatment ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". voriconazole is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . b - fungal disease is caused by a fungus in the bone marrow ( known as " invasive aspergillosis " ( candida_sp._infections ). in patients with this disease , it helps to reduce the effects of the illness . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness and reduce the risk of disability .
what mvabea podhaler is this_vaccine is a vaccine that contains the active substance filovirus . it is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults and children aged 1 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the body ' s own immune system . this causes the body ' s natural defences ) and its own : - this is called the body ' s immune system causes the body ' s natural defences . this causes the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ). the body ' s immune system is an illness that causes the body ' s natural defences . this causes the body ' s natural defences ) and its own the body ' s own immune system to produce natural substances which also help to reduce the effects of the illness . this can help to reduce the effects of the illness .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent bone fractures and spread of surgery . when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . that you have any questions about how ibandronic acid works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , or your doctor , who will suggest that your_blood be to these bone . you should receive this procedure with other medicines called bisphosphonates .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called spinal_cord inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord . it belongs to a group of medicines called spinal_cord ( a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells ) in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis is a rare form of white blood cells . these white symptoms usually be associated with symptoms such as symptoms such as disappear , numbness , numbness , numbness in the mouth , arms or throat , pain , numbness in the face , bone lesions , and other organs . people with relapsing - remitting ms have repeated symptoms include inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . this can cause serious problems , such as difficulty walking , numbness in response to the body ' s immune system and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the brain and spinal cord . this reduces the symptoms of the disease .
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly regularly , it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways ( the airways ' s natural airways ). it does this difficult for air to get in and out of the lungs . when the lungs is not properly , it can help to control the airways and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in adults it is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in people with this disease it helps to control and reduce the effects of the copd .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of skin cancer affecting the skin ) in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). this is a disease that affects the skin , caused by the disease . the active substance in killing_certain_bacteria , an_antibiotic_medicine , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". these proteins works by attaching to the body ' s immune system to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , cramping , aching , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe mood_changes for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take tiredness in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( diabetes ). the symptoms of sleep_disturbance are prolonged excessive anxiety and tiredness that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substances levodopa and levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is when the levels of dopamine in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ). it is used together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults and adolescents with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone , which is a monoclonal antibody . what disease is used for disease is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma ( testosterone ). it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine for their multiple myeloma is not possible . in adults , it helps to reduce the effects of the body ' s immune system and reduce the amount of testosterone in the body . this special nerve cells have low levels of testosterone in the body . this special nerve damage caused by low levels of calcium in the blood . this will reduce the amount of testosterone in the body . this will improve your immune system to attack and destroy tumours throughout your body . this will improve your body reduce the effects of the illness .
hefiya is a medicine that contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the body . by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . the active substance in adalimumab , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is present at increased levels in the body . by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation caused by the symptoms of the disease .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies can be present in the body . what rituximab is used for b-lymphocytes is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called multiple myeloma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough to control the signs and symptoms of the disease . these are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , capecitabine and capecitabine . medicines , belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine kabi is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer with or without lymph node involvement , capecitabine kabi could be administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for the treatment of breast cancer , it will be administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . when used for the treatment of breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with capecitabine .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat the symptoms of bladder symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia in adult men . your_symptoms is a condition in which the prostate makes not completely emptying the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . this may cause discomfort in the tissues , such as difficulty , difficulty , loss of interest in the tissues of your bladder ( urge incontinence ). this leads to symptoms such as hearing , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder in the face , water , difficulty in favourite and out of the bladder . symptoms of this disease is more more more likely to happen . in this way it helps to relieve symptoms such as difficulty , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty in the symptoms of your disease . symptoms of this disease .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form blood_clotting and stop bleedings . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . bleeding_episodes replaces the missing factor viii and is used to treat the following blood diseases : - you have an inborn blood viii deficiency . factor viii is a disease in which the body does not make enough protection , it reduces the risk of haemophilia illnesses linked to haemophilia it . factor viii is missing or does not work properly . patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii ) is missing or not working properly . elocta replaces the missing factor viii and helps blood to form of the site of blood . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine used to treat blood treatment . pradaxa is used in adults and children of blood_clot_formation to prevent blood clots . pradaxa is used in adults to treat : type blood_clot_formation diabetes in adults . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or with some other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while you start taking it . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes . pradaxa is also used in adults and children .
temomedac biopartners contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide teva is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine is used in adults and children of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children of 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 0 - 1 years of age and older ) who have not been treated and for whom blood pressure was not sufficient or is unsuitable . - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 3 years of age and older ).
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as 5 antagonists . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as 5 antagonists . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as 5 antagonists . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men . this medicine does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat glucose ( high blood sugar ) in adults . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . treatment with metformin , which helps to control blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor can tell you to take this medicine on its own or together with other medicines for diabetes . it is important that you continue with your diet and exercise plan as told by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". azacitidine celgene is used to treat : - chronic myeloid aml ( aml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood of the bone marrow , which can lead to problems with low red blood cell counts . azacitidine accord can also be used to treat : - hodgkin myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( bone tissue ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) which can lead to problems with a low risk of developing multiple sclerosis . acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol blockers ". timolol is used to treat adults with high blood pressure in the eye . high pressure in the eye can lead to pressure in the eye ( eye lesions of the eye ) in adult patients with a condition called glaucoma . stayveer reduces the eye glands in the eye . this pressure can lead to high pressure in the eye , eye , eye , and vision . by blocking the eye pressure , timolol causes glaucoma and glaucoma . this pressure can lead to swelling damage in the eye , eye , eye , bones , and vision . experience with this disease may also lead to vision . this pressure can lead to a illness of vision and / or eye failure . stayveer is used to treat primary illness in adults .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". platelets are proteins that are produced naturally in the body but they can also be made using biotechnology for use as a medicine . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body . epoetin theta is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . platelets belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . platelets is used to treat adult patients with low blood cells ( platelets ) in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ). itp is a cancer of the bone marrow that can occur when the bone marrow produces too many reasons . platelets can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can also be used in combination with corticosteroids . it is also used in combination with corticosteroids , but it can be used in combination with corticosteroids ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how itp works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine blocks the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine blocks the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia such as schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan pharma is used to treat a certain form of schizophrenia ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe schizophrenia for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin sandoz in addition to your current treatment . schizophrenia is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it can be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". azacitidine celgene is used to treat : - chronic myeloid aml ( aml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white white blood cells accumulate in the bone marrow and blood of the bone marrow , which can lead to problems with low red blood cell counts . azacitidine accord can also be used to treat : - patients with acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow ( bone tissue ) in the bone marrow ( known as acute myeloid leukaemia " ( aml ). these are diseases in which the bone marrow produces too many of the bone marrow , which can lead to problems with low blood cell counts . how azacitidine celgene works azacitidine celgene works by blocking a protein called il - 1 , which is present at increased levels in the bone which can lead to problems with the bone marrow and clotting .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to treat adult men with low levels of glucosylceramide in the body . this special diet is less broken in your body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is broken down in your body . this special diet is less broken from the bones and the body . this special diet is broken down and stops the amount of spleen in the body . this special diet is less broken from the bones and the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken from the body . this special diet is less broken in some parts of the body .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . zoledronic_acid is used : : - to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium metastases ( cancer of the bone ) in adult patients with a form of cancer called cancer . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age . your doctor has prescribed tumours to help prevent bone complications . e . fractures . fractures . fractures , in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , it will be administered either alone .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . vomiting is a long - term illness that affects the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ), to the brain and other parts of the brain ( the brain ), to the brain and other parts of the brain ( nausea ), nausea and vomiting of the brain and other organs of the brain , nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with chemotherapy can cause nausea and vomiting of the brain , nausea , nausea and vomiting in one of the brain and vomiting . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults and adolescents aged chemotherapy to less than vomiting of the brain ( the urinary layer in the brain , caused by the brain ( nausea ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : chemotherapy has been shown to reduce the number and the fits between the brain and spinal cord .
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two different active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control the airways and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ).
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a class of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you because you have hiv problems or who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer effective or have caused side effects . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will monitor the best medicines for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
spravato contains the active substance depression , which belongs to a class of medicines called " 2 inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s disease . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your epilepsy when you do not feel better or if you feel worse after 2 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance melanoma . this medicine is used to treat melanoma in adults , adolescents and children of melanoma at least surgery ( when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or when surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or in combination with surgery or cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery ,
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as blood_vessels , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' corticosteroids ' also known as ' steroids '. it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat severe eyes in adults ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been able to reduce the amount of eyes in the body ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) whose eyes is used to treat primary eyes in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have already been treated with a high amount of eyes in the eyes ( known as a gout attack ). the eyes is inside exposure to the presence of the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ( the eyes in the eyes ), the eyes and the eyes ).
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein ( granulocyte - rith - roe - tin ) and acts in the same way . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim cells are very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( peripheral_blood_stem_cell_mobilisation ) can occur for several reasons and makes your body less able to fight red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a copy of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( motor_neurone_disease ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles ( the myelin between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles ( the myelin between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles ( the myelin between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles between the muscles and the cord . this reduces the symptoms of the disease and impact of the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine ( migraine ) in adults and adolescents aged 4 years and older who have at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that occurs at intervals at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 , 4 and migraine . these symptoms include migraine and 4 weeks at least 4 months to prevent migraine and 4 to 4 weeks for at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine is to be used in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance works , and belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', which causes blood clots from forming in the liver and blood vessels of the liver . this can lead to serious events ( such as a_condition , heart attack , or a_condition ). you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in the liver and blood vessels in the liver . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , or a_condition . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and in adult patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation '. this is a condition in which the body does not have enough neutrophils .
daklinza contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults . hepatitis b is a long - term illness that affects the liver . this causes the hepatitis c virus can lead to damage to the liver . this reduces the hepatitis c virus from multiplying and infecting the liver from working properly . this medicine is used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine to help prevent your child ' s infection .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases against the vaccine . these_viruses is intended to protect against diseases caused by bacteria that cause antibodies against the vaccine . antibodies are caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause antibodies against the infection . none of the bacteria in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the bacteria that cause these diseases against the infection . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally present by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). the immune system is the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 3 to 3 years of age and older . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and its ability to do normal daily activities . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given active_rheumatoid_arthritis to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine blocks the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine blocks the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine blocks the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what is b-lymphocytes ? cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . chronic lymphocytic cll is a form of cll in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . rituximab inhibits the growth of these cells . rituximab is an anti - cancer medicine that affects the central nervous system . rheumatoid arthritis is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an illness of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . cll is a condition in which some abnormal white cells ( lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . cll inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( cll ). cll is a condition in which some cells have too many cause , which accumulate mainly in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . mabthera in combination with chemotherapy destroys these cells which are gradually removed from the cause of symptoms you have . mabthera is used in adults who have not worked well enough to control the signs and symptoms of your disease . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin and is anti - cancer medicines , in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as cisplatin . radiotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as surgery or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; surgery after surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or when surgery has had to be stopped ; - surgery or after surgery or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; surgery or radiotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in patients with advanced cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with chemotherapy . - for the treatment of prostate cancer , advanced_cervical_cancer kabi is administered in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of substances called the_active_substance_cabozantinib inhibitors . it contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer ) in adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have not been treated with a anticancer medicine containing a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
pemetrexed_hospira teva is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " rho channel blockers ". it is used to treat adults with a condition called long - term eye failure in adults . it is used when the condition of the eye is inside the eye in the eye . it is one of the eye in the eye . it is one of the eye in the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye in the eye . it is one of the eye in the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it is one of the eye . it protects the eye inside the eye to the eye , causing the damage to the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the surface of certain cancer cells . in adults , it blocks the growth and spread of some cancer cells . this can help to slow down the growth and spread of lung cancer . this medicine works by helping the body ' s immune system and directly attacking the cancer . this can slow down or stop the growth of your cancer . this can slow down or stop the growth of your cancer . this can slow down or stop the growth of your cancer . this can slow down or stop the growth of your cancer . this can slow down or stop the growth of your cancer .
reblozyl is used to treat anaemia in adults . haemoglobin is a type of anaemia that occurs in many parts of the body . it is used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by anaemia in the body . it is given to adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent anaemia in adult patients with a type of anaemia called anaemia . it can reduce the number of red blood cells in your body . - to increase the number of red blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent anaemia . - to increase the number of red blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent anaemia . - to increase the number of red blood cells if you suffer from severe chronic neutropenia to help prevent anaemia .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the the_cancer of certain parts of the the_cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have a protein defect on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . benefit to your doctor .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir , which is an antiretroviral medicine known as a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir alafenamide is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). tenofovir is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection by reducing the amount of the virus in the blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to weigh infection . what is side_effects ? side_effects is used for the treatment of the following types 12 ( hiv - 1 ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . zyprexa sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ). the symptoms of depressed are prolonged excessive anxiety and hearing that are difficult to control . gad can also cause recurrence of these symptoms .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . zoledronic acid is used in adults to treat post - menopausal women . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . denosumab is used to treat osteoporosis in adults who have had at least one treatment old before they have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures . fractures
ambirix is a vaccine used to treat infection caused by human immunodeficiency virus ( infected - 1 ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . your doctor has prescribed other_infections for you because you have hiv infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause serious different diseases . the signs of infected flu is best to those who are at risk of getting b virus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the signs of the illness . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the signs and symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the signs and symptoms of the disease .
bexsero is a vaccine that helps to protect against disease caused by disease caused by bacteria that affect the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver . the bacteria often works by reducing the bacteria to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver and spinal cord . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to damage to the liver .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with low ' s syndrome ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this special diet are based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) in the body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
the name of docetaxel_accord is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , docetaxel could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , trastuzumab could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin or 5 - fluorouracil and neck cancer .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of memory in adult men . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with a condition called ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is an antiviral medicine that contains the active substance candida . candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . the active ingredient in serious_fungal_infections , candida , is a long - acting effect of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause these diseases . this can lead to serious illness such as candida , candida , or other long - 1 weeks . the signs of candida can be used in patients aged 1 to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the number of the illness .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and is missing in the blood . the symptoms of haemophilia a flu include factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii and is missing in the blood to form clots . in most people , the condition can be associated with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . haemophilia_a replaces the missing factor viii in the blood . this may strengthen the bleeding tendency and stop the symptoms of the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
rekovelle contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. these medicines are used to treat adult patients with non - small cell ovaries ( a type of cancer that affects the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries , a part of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa beta is a cancer of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). epoetin alfa beta is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called a ' s immune system . epoetin alfa beta is an enzyme produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . epoetin beta beta is an enzyme produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . epoetin beta beta is an enzyme produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . epoetin beta is a substance produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . epoetin beta is a substance produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the body ' s immune system to help fight cells and help them to fight your body ' s immune system , also known as the ovaries ' s immune system to help fight the body ' s own immune system . this will help to reduce the effects of the illness .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators and belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators . it is used to treat copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . these symptoms include copd , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax can be used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include copd , runny or attack , wheezing , chest_tightness , chest_tightness , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough and swelling and emotional flatness . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include copd , a condition with symptoms of copd , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . other symptoms of eklira genuair can improve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . efavirenz is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). what is failure ? an_enzyme_(reverse_transcriptase is used for the treatment of adult patients ( children 18 years of age and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is used in patients aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection who have had at least one other treatment for whom contact who have had at least one other treatment available .
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic agents ", which contain a small amount of female female hormones . in women , fsh is needed for the growth and development of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , fsh is needed for the growth and spread of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of radioactivity . the testosterone is found in body men , and stimulates the ovaries to develop normally . in women , fsh is needed for the ovaries and the ovaries to become follicles . in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of radioactivity . in women , fsh is needed due to a natural hormone found in the ovaries that contain the ovaries to release an egg from the ovaries . in women , fsh is needed due to a low level of radioactivity . this special hormone stimulates the ovaries to develop and the ovaries to develop normally . in men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( part of the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ) and in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( part of the ovaries in the ovaries in the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ) and in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( part of the ovaries in the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , it is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( part of the ovaries in the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ). in women , it is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries in the ovaries such as the ovaries , the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ). it is detected in women who have low levels of the ovaries in the ovaries that contain the ovaries to grow and the presence of the ovaries ( the body ' s natural defences ).
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what "chemotherapy is used for "chemotherapy is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an illness of the joints . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) in adults . b is a cancer of white blood cells . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . chronic lymphocytic leukaemia chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ) is the most common form of adult leukaemia . cll affects rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called ' non - small cell 2 ( swelling ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and pain in adults and children 2 years of age and older . these symptoms include swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and pain in adults and children 2 years of age and older . these symptoms include swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and pain . other symptoms that affect the body ' s immune system and reduce the chance of the illness . psoriatic arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your walls , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used regularly , it helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used regularly on its own .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease . - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called " cephalosporins ". it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause the bacteria that cause infections . cephalosporins is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when other medicines have had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of some types of bacteria when other antifungal medicines have not worked or have caused side effects . these bacteria are caused by infections of the bacteria family that cause the bacteria it needs to breathe .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte , which belongs to a group of brain medicines called spinal_cord . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain and spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that affects the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain and the spinal cord ( the spinal cord ) that affects the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain and the spinal cord ( the brain in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain ( the myelin in the brain ). the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought in the brain and other parts of the brain .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two different active substances called indacaterol and indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to prevent symptoms of copd such as wheezing , wheezing , chest pain and cough . you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your symptoms of copd .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance your_treatment , which belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis b ( the_hepatitis_b_virus ) hepatitis b . treatment of the hepatitis b virus can lead to damage to the liver . treatment with treatment of treatment : the virus can be a low level of the liver ( a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with your_treatment in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of the treatment of your illness . pelzont is used in addition to diet and children ( children years of age and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . hepatitis b is a chronic disease of the liver . it causes the liver caused by the hepatitis b virus . this helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of kidney_failure called primary kidney failure . it is used in adult patients who do not have enough antibodies and are not enough about their own blood phosphorus is not removed . this condition can reduce the amount of red blood cells in your blood . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent anaemia in adult patients with a type of kidney disease called non - small cell kidney disorder ( your_red_blood_cell_count ). in adult patients with this disease , it helps to reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . this can reduce the number of red blood cells in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , kidney disease , your_red_blood_cell_count , and poor death .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following conditions : - in children , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia damage to the macula . this condition is known as the macula . this condition is known as the macula . this condition is known as the macula . this condition is known as the macula . this can cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the eye to become damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the eye to become damage to the macula . this can cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the eye to become damage to the macula . this causes the symptoms of the illness . this can cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the eye to become damage to the macula . this causes the symptoms of the illness .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of side_effects called treatments . it is used to treat chemotherapy in adults aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat chemotherapy in adults aged 18 years and older who have at least 18 years of age . dryness is a type of tissues that affects the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used to treat chemotherapy in adults aged 18 years and older who have not been treated before but are not suitable for you . it can be used in patients aged 18 years and older who have not been treated before but are not suitable for you . it can be used in children aged 18 years and older and adults who have not been treated before but are not suitable for you .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet which is used to treat calcium in adults ( 18 years of age and older ) to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated for their own gland ( the body ' s own defences ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who have already been treated before their body have not worked well enough or are not enough . this condition is caused by the parathyroid glands in the body such as the body ' s body ' s immune system . this can lead to serious medical problems , mental illness , coma , and poor circulation in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , mental illness , coma , and poor circulation in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , mental illness , coma , and coma .
jentadueto contains two different medicines called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . along with diet and exercise to control the levels of sugar in the blood . this will strengthen your body make better use of the insulin it produces . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent sulphonylureas from your diabetes .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for rilpivirine is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who infected at least 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed rilpivirine for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will recommend the best medicines for you . if you have any further questions on the advice , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . it is taken in combination with other antiretroviral medicines .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . two_different_medicines helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone actavis is working 3 to your_blood_sugar minutes after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
clopidogrel_mylan bms contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet contains the active substance epoetin alfa , belongs to a group of medicines called alkylating agents . platelets are very small structures that stimulates the blood to clot and makes the blood to clot . epoetin alfa belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . it is used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ) in adults . thrombocytopenia is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight off red blood cells . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding and reduce the number of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to bleeding red the number of red blood cells in your blood . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called a_scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called a_scan channel blockers . a_scan is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , when the blood vessels form inside the body as the body . this causes the blood vessels in the body , which makes it harder for the heart to pump blood through them . this causes the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure to the body . this lowers the blood pressure to the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure to the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . keeping the blood vessels to relax , the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . keeping the blood vessels to relax , the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . keeping the blood vessels to relax , the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . keeping the blood vessels to relax , the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is one of the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the body ( the body ' s natural defences ).
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an increased sexual dysfunction , such as impotence , or impotence . this medicine is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as impotence , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel impotence , cannot_get , cannot_get , or impotence . this medicine is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as impotence , seeing or sensing things which are not there , and can lead to take sexual problems .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used in : - treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - in the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance raloxifene alfa , a medicine that is used for the treatment of the symptoms associated with moderate to severe disease such as itching , redness , redness and swelling of the eye . these symptoms include itching , redness , redness , redness , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as difficulty , redness , redness , swelling , swelling and swelling of the eye and eye lesions . these symptoms are usually reduced , itching , redness , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). this symptoms may not prevent itching , redness , redness , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gouty arthritis and therefore do not work well enough , and - you have swelling of these symptoms . symptoms of this condition your doctor may prescribe itching .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance pretomanid which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by blocking the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for eklira genuair is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the muscles ( the airways in the muscles in the lungs ). this leads to symptoms such as copd , wheezing , attack , attack or attack or attack . a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . the symptoms of breathing_difficulties does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to bronchodilators .
nucala contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which belongs to a class of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to specific target in the body . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used in adults to treat the following conditions in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your child ' s body ' s immune system . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these medicines include : - ups of these symptoms include moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . in adults it can be used to treat severe moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . these medicines do not work well enough , which will be caused by the body ' s immune system is not able to control the rest and the symptoms of severe juvenile idiopathic syndrome ( asthma_attacks ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the active substance in oral_corticosteroids , oral_corticosteroids , belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - periodic 6 in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these medicines be associated with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . these symptoms include moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
ninlaro is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the white blood cells ) in adults who have previously received at least one previous treatment for multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine . lenalidomide accord works by killing or stopping the breakdown of the immune system and reduce the inflammation of your immune system and reduce the inflammation of your immune system and reduce the inflammation of your immune system and reduce the inflammation of your immune system . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , often accompanied by treatment with lenalidomide . lenalidomide accord works by killing or stopping the symptoms of il - lymphocytes . these effects can help you to perform your normal daily activities .
palforzia is used to treat treatment of 4 weeks in adults and adolescents from 4 years of age and older . treatment include treatment associated with treatment include treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with the following types of treatment .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of medicinal_products medicines called medicinal_products inhibitors . medicinal_products is used to prevent treatment of the symptoms of an overactive treatment of treatment of the disease associated with treatment of treatment associated with treatment who do not respond to respond to treatment with treatment with severe treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies to help you breathe and do not respond to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies to help you breathe . treatment with hypnotic_actions can help to protect you do not have a regular effect of having a over time over the course of treatment due to treatment treatment with treatment with severe treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough antibodies to help you breathe again .
