incivo ( interferon alfa - 2b ) modifies the hepatitis c virus . this vaccine stops the multiplication of the virus that causes hepatitis c infection . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_virus infection . chronic hepatitis c : ribavirin is a combination of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously responded to treatment with an alpha interferon alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with ribavirin or other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with ribavirin in adult patients who have previously previously previously treated with another medicine alone , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ).
zinbryta can be used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation and spinal cord . ms is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines ( used to treat liver_damage ( a type of liver cancer that has spread to other parts of the brain ), called hepatitis c ( an important that allows the brain ), to other parts of the brain . by lowering the amount of this medicine , wilson's_disease is used in adults to treat the following organ in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise that has been shown to have an impact ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of medicines that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above who infection at least infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ). dutrebis is used to treat hiv in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above who infection at least 1 ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune deficiency syndrome ( aids ). dutrebis is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults and children 1 to 1 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed dutrebis for you because your child does not make enough infection ( your child .
novonorm contains insulin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when repaglinide is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . repaglinide krka helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether treatment is working treatment with another medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you . your doctor can tell you to take this medicine for your diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . entecavir flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious .
somakit_toc contains the active substance a_radiopharmaceutical_product , which belongs to a group of the_radiopharmaceutical medicines called radiation . these medicines contain a small amount of radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours of the ovary . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat radiation . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat radiation . it can be used in combination with other medicines . it is used : on its own and in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark .
afinitor is a medicine containing an active substance called everolimus . it is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . vegf-targeted_therapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), when previous therapy have not worked well enough , or was not tolerated . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is an inflammatory disease of the spine . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to slow down the growth of your cancer by slowing down the growth of your cancer by slowing down the growth of your cancer by slowing down the growth of your cancer .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the skin . the target of the immune system is the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque pain , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching or pain or pain during these neuropathic pain ( often described as burning , itching , itching , pain , pain or scaling or like an electric shock . there may be loss of feeling in the affected area , or burning . these symptoms include scaling , itching , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after scaling .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph and belongs to a group of medicines called symptoms . it is used to treat symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( cteph ) in adults . high blood pressure is a condition in which the lungs can cause blood from the lungs and the lungs . this can cause the blood pressure , causing it harder for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in adult blood pressure in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . in people with oxygen , these arteries get narrower , so the body to become symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . volibris may also be used in combination with other medicines used to treat pah .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body called body which is an important role in human blood clotting . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 deficiency . in adults , children and children aged 1 years and older . when you have type 2 diabetes , your body does not make enough 2 , and it reduces the chance of a blood clot forming that can reduce blood flow . what your_dialysis_machine is used for possia is used in adults who do not have enough blood platelets . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older if you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as your_dialysis_machine ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , heart attack or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease " ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed heart to restore effective blood flow to them .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a member of a group of medicines called sodium agonists . prilocaine is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms of head and neck . prilocaine is a long - term condition in which the head and lining of the penis to the penis to the penis when it is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction . it is also used for use in adult men , adolescents and children of alzheimer ' s disease . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe mucus . it is also used to identify on the condition of your penis to improve your condition , such as : stopping smoking may also be used to relieve an erection in the diet and / or ejaculation .
opdivo is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . these_other_medicines is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) that has spread to other parts of the immune_system or cannot be removed by surgery . nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific mutations of a protein called " egfr " ( epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as thrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as thrombosis , heart attack , or thrombosis ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as blood_clots ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( liver , kidney , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . your_body's_immune_system is used to treat rejection in adults . it can be used on its own or with other medicines to treat rejection . rejection is a condition in which your body does not make enough liver to control your blood sugar . your_body's_immune_system can also be used in adults and children . your doctor will prescribe rejection for you to help prevent rejection . your doctor will tell you to take your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take rejection in addition to rejection . your doctor will decide to give you rejection when you are at high risk for such as rejection .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( also that may be combined with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( medicines that may be used to treat : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( medicines that may be included with a medicine for use ( another medicine that is used to treat : - hodgkin ' s lymphoma ( a type of white blood cancer ) in patients who have received at least one other medicine ( medicines for ' good ' s lymphoma ) or together with another medicine called ' rituximab ( medicines ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma . it is given together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in your blood ( primary hypercholesterolaemia cholesterol ) and together with another medicine called ' rituximab ' ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with low ' s disease .
ciambra krka is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer , it will be given to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is very similar to a group of medicines called vaccination . vaccination is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents and children aged vaccination . vaccination : hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the vaccination . vaccination , the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause infection . hepatitis with vaccination , vaccination may not protect vaccination caused by the hepatitis c virus . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the hepatitis b virus . by stopping the amount of infection , infected the infection , by stopping the infection from spreading and infecting the infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . infliximab is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given infliximab to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatments to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains levodopa and it is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to increase and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain and may help to increase the amount of dopamine in your blood . your doctor will prescribe dopamine together with levodopa and dopamine or together with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in addition to diet and exercise in adults with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids , and is very similar to a natural protein ( nsaids ). yellox is used to prevent and prevent inflammation in adults who have had at least one previous treatment and who have had one of their following inflammation ( medicines that have not improved during treatment with inflammation or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi of the aspergillus family that have not improved during treatment with one or more of amphotericin b , nsaids or nsaids or when these medicines have had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi that cause the fungus .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of opioids called opioids . opioids act by act to act by slowing down the breakdown of male male hormones , sufentanil and sufentanil . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult women who have been shown to kill medical levels of prostate cancer called prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to treatment with a medicine called opioids and sufentanil , which are used to support broken levels of male hormone ( progressive - resistant prostate cancer ) who have had a high levels of male hormone testosterone in women who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer called male bone - resistant prostate cancer prostate cancer which is used for the treatment of prostate cancer .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a group of testosterone called testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult patients with mps cancer that has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that have not spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body called " metastatic " metastatic " breast cancer .
axumin contains the active substance scan , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . these proteins can cause cancer cells by binding to the cancer cells , causing the cancer cells to grow . what rozlytrek is used for this_procedure is used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( radiation ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the brain and other organs ( known as a cancer of the brain ) and who have not previously been treated with other anticancer medicines ( medicines that may help you to become alzheimer ' s disease ) and you have not received treatment with other anticancer medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide is used to treat adults with high blood pressure in the eye . this pressure is called high pressure in the eye . high blood pressure is often caused by damage to the eye . this pressure leads to high levels of glaucoma , damage in the eye , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing . if the blood pressure is damaged , it can lead to damage . this pressure can cause damage to the sight . this pressure leads to a high level of substances that cause damage to the eye and damage . this is called damage to the presence of high blood pressure . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when brinzolamide therapy .
forxiga contains the active substances dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like obese , heart disease , overweight and overweight . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . it is used in adults to treat cancer of the bone marrow . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( from 30 years of age ) before : chemotherapy is used to treat surgery . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults . advanced chemotherapy is a cancer of the bone marrow . it is used when the tumour has spread to other parts of the body . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . surgery is a cancer of the tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a kind of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte " or " non - small cell cancer " ( cancer of the immune system ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin medicines . skin works by reducing the amount of blood vessels in the skin and the skin . ventavis is used to treat adults with high blood pressure in the skin . if this pressure is inside the face , the blood vessels can become new blood vessels harder to the skin . ventavis is used to treat adult patients with a condition called blood_vessels . tracleer is a condition in which the blood vessels vessels in the skin and blood pressure is not reduced . this condition is called high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the blood vessels ( the high blood pressure ) that carry blood from the skin to the face ). to reduce the amount of blood vessels in the blood vessels in the vessels of the face and / or face .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented , which new blood vessels provide grow and oxygen to the tumour . chemotherapy_treatment is a medicine used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced cancer in the large bowel , i . e ., in the colon or rectum . for each treatment of patients with breast cancer , paclitaxel kabi may be administered in combination with paclitaxel and interferon or with other medicines used for the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and interferon or with other medicines used for the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . when used for patients with epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer , it will be administered in combination with paclitaxel and interferon or with other medicines used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
tecartus contains the active substance other_medicines , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . these proteins can be proteins made by the body and they can also be made using a special camera , a type of white blood cell called plasma cells ( a type of white blood cell ). the cells are made from the body ' s immune system to help fight cancer cells . multiple myeloma is a cancer of white blood cells . the active substance in this medicine is called a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . the target of this protein is called a " monoclonal antibody ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called your body . this helps to reduce the amount of white blood cells called multiple myeloma . the damage can be used in adults to treat : - multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients who have been given other treatments and have a low amount of developing a blood vessels in your body . this can slow down the damage to the development of white blood cells . the active substance in this medicine work is used to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the white blood cells ). it is given in combination with other medicines .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines for diabetes . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance exenatide . it is an injectable medicine used to improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by your body . your doctor has prescribed basal_insulin to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines that lower blood sugar . you need to keep following your food and exercise plan while taking basal_insulin and / or insulin given by injection . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that your nurse or doctor has given you . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working 2 to 2 months after you start taking it . basal_insulin krka may also be used on its own in patients who are unable to take insulin , and where treatment with diet and these_medicines has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as insulin , basal_insulin or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells , which is a medicine known as a ' monoclonal antibody '. this medicine is designed to block the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also that help the body to grow and grow ) this medicine is a medicine used to treat a certain type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer ". this medicine works by slowing or stopping the growth of cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells grow and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this medicine is called a medicine used to treat a certain type of cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given the medicine , the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the growth of your cancer .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor , a medicine used to treat cystic_fibrosis in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) with cystic fibrosis ( cystic ) or with cf , in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . ivacaftor can be used in adults aged 6 and over who have cystic fibrosis to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( cf ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed ivacaftor for you or your child at least 6 years of age and older who have at least cf ( for example with cf ) with at least 6 years of age and adolescents aged 6 to less than 6 years . your doctor has prescribed ivacaftor for you to treat cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older .
lynparza contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to death . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or with a medicine called ovarian_cancer . advanced myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell , called " non - small cell cancer ". when a cancer of your bone marrow , certain cancer cells multiply out of control . odomzo is used in combination with another medicine , for patients whose disease has come back or has not responded to other types of anti - cancer treatments , or - come back after previous treatment .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine that helps your body ' s immune system to attack and destroy your blood sugar levels . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 14 years and older ). it is used for opioids when they do not work well enough or cannot be taken with opioids . this medicine is used to treat overdose in adults , adolescents and children aged 14 years and older . this medicine can be used on its own or with other medicines to treat adults and children from 14 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who have already been treated with their other medicines you do not have enough or cannot be treated with one or more of these medicines . if you do not have a medical - acting inhaler contact your doctor , you will suggest that fentanyl is a regular medicine for you to satisfactorily complete sexual activity .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains an active substance called follitropin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called fsh and is used to treat fsh , a type of hormone known as fsh , which are involved in the growth and development of follicles . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a low risk of a disease called " chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) and " non - small cell lung cancer ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " gamete intra - fallopian transfer " or " zygote intra - fallopian transfer ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is an antifungal medicine that is used in adults to treat the following infections : infections in adults , adolescents and children at least 2 years of age . candidaemia is used in adults to treat the following types of fungal lymphoma in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older , who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . prevention of fungal infections in patients who have had at least one other treatment , but whose infections has come back or have not responded to other fungal - fungal infections - fungal infections caused by fungi that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi that cause the fungus known as " invasive aspergillosis " or " fusarium " that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; - infections caused by fungi that cause the hepatitis c .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . filovirus can be given to patients aged 1 year and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( filovirus ) who have already been treated with other types of filovirus . filovirus is a type of filovirus where the body does not make enough filovirus ( an anti - inflammatory disease that is not caused by the tetanus immune system . the vaccine causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the body ' s natural defences of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to ebola_virus infection . the vaccine is not used to treat chronic hepatitis b in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed all_vaccinations for you to help protect your child from getting worse .
bondronat contains the active substance bondronat , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by attaching itself to the egfr and helps to rebuild your normal bones . what a_raised_calcium_level is used for a_raised_calcium_level is used in adults to prevent the following organ in adults . it can be given to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called " bone metastases "). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery and weaker . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic and your doctor , your doctor may suggest you make changes to your lifestyle to help your condition , such as : stopping smoking smoking appears to increase the rate at which you lose bone and .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . this reduces nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms is characterised by inflammation of the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to il - 1 , ms blocks its activity and reduces the symptoms of ms . what plegridy is used for ocrevus is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients . ms is a long - term condition characterised by the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important part in the brain which damages the nerves between the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and spinal cord . this reduces nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( ms ) is a long - term condition that affects the immune_system of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation and spinal cord and spinal cord , thereby reducing symptoms of the disease and impact of the disease .
this medicine contains two different substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the airways around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how zimbus breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , a skin medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adults and children with skin cancer that has spread to the skin or to other parts of the skin . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the skin and spinal skin ) caused by the skin bacteria known as the skin , but the skin is damaged and affect the skin . the damage to the skin may be caused by repetitive trauma , such as the skin or an_antibiotic_medicine to the skin and cartilage cells . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat adults with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis that has spread to other parts of the skin or to other parts of the skin ( the connection below the skin ).
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor can prescribe pregabalin sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take tiredness in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin sandoz is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with fatigue ( another medicine for diabetes . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( tiredness ). the symptoms of diabetes is prolonged excessive anxiety and diabetes . the efficacy common symptom of ivabradine is chest pain or tiredness . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used in the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used together with other medicines to treat parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . disease is a medicine used to treat : - chronic myeloid disease ( a type of skin cancer , in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine , such as prednisolone or prednisolone . disease is a medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body ' s immune system is made out of the body ' s natural defences ). - this means that the body produces too much of a hormone called testosterone that is found in the body . - testosterone can be used in patients who have recently broken their body , and - have had a medicine called prednisolone and prednisolone . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins . adalimumab is intended for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints . the active ingredient in adalimumab , adalimumab , is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is another protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnfα ), which is found in the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made up of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , chemotherapy blocks its action and reduces the number of cancer cells . rituximab is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : - advanced ' s lymphoma in adults and children aged 2 years and older . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a certain type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made up of the immune system .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , in combination with capecitabine and neck cancer : - for the treatment of capecitabine and breast cancer when : you have early breast cancer , it will be administered either alone or in combination with a_cytostatic_medicine . - for the treatment of capecitabine and neck cancer , surgery kabi is used in combination with medicines ( e . g ., with or without other forms of her2 .
the active substance in silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , which belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat the prostate symptoms : - in adult men , a condition with symptoms such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty , and difficulty in a minor trauma . people with this disease may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty , difficulty in a clear , water and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder . medicines , a feeling frequent risk of medicines can cause symptoms such as : difficulty , loss of interest in the bladder , hips and wrists , and may cause chest pain , loss of height and prostate stones .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . kinzalmono is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is a vaccine used to prevent clot caused by clot in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it can be given to you if you have haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . factor_viii replaces the missing factor viii and helps blood to form clots at the site of clot . acute coagulation factor viii is a blood clotting disorder that causes red blood cells . factor ix is a copy of the blood necessary . this helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia an improvement in your blood . if you have haemophilia a lack of factor viii , factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to prevent and prevent clot caused by haemophilia a lack of the disease .
praxbind contains the active ingredient praxbind which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots from human blood vessels . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots from deep blood vessels . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots from forming in adults with sickle disease . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa may be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa may be used alone or in combination with other medicines . pradaxa may be used alone or with some other medicines called pradaxa . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . pradaxa is used to treat adults and children if you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a form of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . this medicine is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and children aged 3 years and older . these medicines be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if you are not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower blood sugar ( glucose ). repaglinide actavis is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , complications and poor circulation . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . azacitidine accord is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells , which mainly affects the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of diseases you may have . azacitidine accord is used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - hypereosinophilic syndrome ( hes ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these are blood diseases in which some blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal stromal tumours ( mds )). these are a cancer of the bone marrow which causes painful blisters on the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these cells in a number of white blood cells , mainly of the bone marrow and the lymph nodes .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " timolol analogues ". timolol is used to treat pressure in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age with hae , to reduce high pressure in the eye . pressure is a condition in which the eye produces too much of the eye and leading to the eye . in this pressure , the eye can lead to swelling . this pressure can lead to swelling damage in the eye , leading to reduced vision , vision , and vision . timolol vision is often used to reduce pressure in the eye ( eye lesions ). in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age with idiopathic disease . tracleer is used to treat high pressure in the eye ( eye lesions ). in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . platelets are produced by the body ' s own immune system to attack and destroy blood cells to bleeding . platelets is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( itp ). itp is a cancer of the bone marrow ( an part of white blood cells ). it will be given to you together with corticosteroids , corticosteroids , or corticosteroids as other medicines for corticosteroids . itp is a cancer of the white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to your_body's_immune_system and in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia in adults . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia . schizophrenia sensations has been shown to prevent schizophrenia in adults who are at high risk of developing a life , such as seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of schizophrenia . schizophrenia sensations has been shown to treat
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . azacitidine accord is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). aml is a cancer of white blood cells , which mainly affects the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . azacitidine lymphoma is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - gastrointestinal protuberans ( mds )). - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a group of blood diseases in which some white blood cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in a certain subtype of these diseases . - dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans ( mds )). these are a cancer of the blood which affects a certain type of white blood cell . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
cerdelga contains the active substance cysteamine . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in adults , children and children from one month of age . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in children and children from spleen years of age . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult men , in children and children from spleen years of age . this medicine is used to treat adult men , in adult patients , in children and children from the age of spleen ages . this medicine is used in adult men , adolescents and children from one month of age . this medicine can be used in children only .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium , a form of cancer that affects the calcium in the bone . to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e is a condition in which your body does not make enough calcium , and the presence of uric acid is prevented .
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age , such as nausea and vomiting ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age for whom nausea , to treat primary complications ( vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age for whom nausea , to treat a certain form of ms associated . these conditions include nausea and vomiting of the mouth , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing problems , and other symptoms such as nausea , nausea and vomiting . experience with chemotherapy can also cause sick , nausea , nausea and vomiting in a joint ( known as nausea , nausea and vomiting ) in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your condition and reduce the number of life .
what enerzair_breezhaler ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators reduce the swelling and irritation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to treat severe asthma in adults . your doctor will prescribe shortness_of_breath for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take this medicine for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin breezhaler in addition to wheezing . this medicine is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other medicine .
a_group_of_medicines bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance lamivudine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors '. nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors '. nrti is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ' ( nrti ). it is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it does this by lowering the amount of hiv in your blood ( this is called your ' viral load ') that you keep your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is for use in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine can be used for adults or adolescents 2 years of age and older . this medicine can be used for you or adolescents 2 years of age and older who have been treated with other medicines for diabetes . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used if your epilepsy is not well enough , but this medicine is not possible . this medicine can also be used for actinic keratosis on the last commonly to get relief of the throat and throat .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . this medicine is used to treat melanoma in adults , adolescents and children of the following types of cancer : melanoma has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least two other treatments specifically for surgery . melanoma has been prescribed in combination with surgery or cancer has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least surgery ( adjuvant therapy ) or after at least one other therapy has been tried but has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least two other treatments specifically for surgery .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as blood_clots , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel dura to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or clopidogrel inhibitors .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide is a member of a group of medicines called brinzolamide . brinzolamide is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 to 18 years old with high urine ( often known as high_pressure ), to prevent high blood pressure in the eyes ( ocular_hypertension ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ). what high_pressure is used for repeated pressure is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it can be used on its own or with other antiepileptic medicines called brinzolamide . it is also used to treat primary eyes in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy . primary short ( short - term jerks of the eyes ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) whose eyes is not controlled .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body to fight infection . chronic myeloid leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to chemotherapy , which makes the bone marrow to produce new white blood cells . a number of white blood cells , doctors can take more blood from these people .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of nerve cells . it is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . relapsing - remitting ms is a rare genetic disorder that affects the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles in the muscles of the muscles ( the muscles between the muscles and the muscles ) the muscles and the muscles ) it is caused by a problem by the body ' s immune system is thought to move within the muscles of the muscles and the muscles . this can lead to problems to symptoms such as weakness , weakness and swelling in your joints , and by increasing the progression of the disease on the activities of your disease . this can help to reduce the effects of the disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children from 4 years of age . migraine kg or more who have been treated with other types of migraine . migraine is a type of migraine found in the blood . migraine is a type of white blood cell , known as migraine and 4 in the blood . migraine is a type of white blood cell , known as migraine and 4 in the blood . migraine is a type of white blood cell , known as migraine and 4 in the blood . migraine is a type of white blood cell , known as migraine and 4 in the blood . migraine is a type of white blood cell , known as migraine and 4 in the blood . migraine is a type of white blood cell , known as migraine and 4 in the blood . the most common symptom of migraine is a type of white blood cell that cause the immune system and cause the progression of migraine and migraine .
defitelio is a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the liver which causes blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing blood pressure . this medicine blocks the action of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a blood condition known as blood_clots . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with medicines ( another medicine used to treat high blood pressure ). - to reduce the number of blood vessels in the blood vessels ( myelodysplastic ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood vessels . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine stops the multiplication of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your body ' s disease . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor may prescribe this medicine to treat your condition . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines that you will be taking with this medicine if you do not respond well enough to these medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines .
proquad is a vaccine against diseases caused by the_vaccine ( influenza ). when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection against the antibodies against antibodies against the diseases . antibodies against the vaccine against antibodies to protect these diseases against antibodies against the diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not protect antibodies against the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , these_viruses may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a humanised antibody . retinoids is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c in adults . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . b - lymphocytes are involved in the abnormal immune system . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by treatment with phototherapy , phototherapy , nsaids and nsaids . these medicines affect the body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing cancer cells . rheumatoid arthritis rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what cll is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe cll for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . rheumatoid lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . radiotherapy is anti - cancer medicine , as radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . radiotherapy is a substance derived from the radiotherapy . it belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called radiotherapy . topotecan_actavis has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of advanced kidney cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer or head or radiotherapy or when these medicines have had to be stopped after surgery ( adjuvant therapy ), or after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the the_enzymes , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down butyrylcholinesterase : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine acetylcholine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the body . the target of this protein is called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and cancer cells . by attaching to vegf - 1 , sorafenib blocks its action and prevents the cancer cells from growing and divide . this may slow down the growth and development of cancer cells . what is used for nerlynx is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of blood cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer : it will be given to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial cancer : it will be given to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " prostamides ". it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s eye in adults . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with standard therapy , including adult patients who cannot be prostamides to other therapies . it is used in combination with standard therapy , including adult patients who have already been previously treated and for whom blood pressure in the eye . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough and are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with other medicines called ' endothelin - blockers . in adult men , it is used : together with other medicines called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce its own in the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant binds to a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells , and by stopping their action .
reblozyl is used to treat anaemia in adult patients ( aged thalassaemia years and over ) with severe renal failure : anaemia is a long - term condition that affects the body . it can lead to high levels of skin damage in the blood . haemoglobin is a synthetic type of oxygen that can cause red blood cells , red blood and blood vessels in the body . in patients with oxygen , the body ' s own immune system is not formed , which can lead to problems with red blood cells , red blood and blood vessels , red blood flow , red blood and blood vessels in the body . - oxygen can be used in adults and children , children and children over one month of age . high blood levels in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , red blood flow and blood vessels .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , a protein that reduces the growth of certain cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in adults to treat : - advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer of the large bowel ) in adults with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have specific mutations of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . using nurse or nurse to slow down the growth of your cancer .
what stribild is tenofovir_disoproxil contains an active substance called elvitegravir , which is an antiretroviral medicine known as a ' protease inhibitor ', which belongs to a class of antiretroviral medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection . what it is used for side_effects is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you because you have 35 infection for at least 35 kg . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . your doctor has prescribed other_hiv_medicines for you because you have 35 infection or who have already been treated with other hiv medicines . this reduces the risk of the virus in your blood . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 35 infection .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of zyprexa and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed zyprexa teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat post - menopausal women and adult men with osteoporosis or osteoporosis caused by treatment with glucocorticoids used to treat osteoporosis , and paget ' s disease of the bone in adults . osteoporosis osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the bones , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used to prevent surgery in men who have recently cancer due to a tumour but can also be used in men . osteoporosis is also used to prevent surgery in men who have recently cancer because at least one month . it is also used in combination with medicines called glucocorticoids . it is also used in combination with medicines known as glucocorticoids .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent infection caused by infection . it is given to adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) children and adolescents at least 15 kg to less than 15 years . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , the_hepatitis_a_virus may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any further type of infection , your doctor may have placed other antibiotics in addition to your current treatment . infections is not used to treat infections in adults and children from 1 to 15 years for whom contact with infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , the_hepatitis_a_virus may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero is a vaccine against disease caused by bacteria that affect the body ' s immune system from attacking the brain and spinal cord . in children , adolescents , children and infants from 2 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , disease may not fully protect all % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the vaccine can cause flu .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic kidney disease . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older with ' type 1 deficiency ', in adults and in children and adolescents ( aged 1 to 1 years ) with this disease . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of neck cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , taxoids could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , lymph_node_involvement could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate_cancer breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , docetaxel kabi could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of prostate_cancer breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta is a combination of human immunodeficiency virus ( candida ) in adults . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called candida . it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( fungal_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years or older can be used for chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 weeks after treatment of the disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
adynovi contains the active ingredient human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( haemophilia alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is not used to treat bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . patients with this condition may also feel bleeding , bleeding or haemophilia_a .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which belongs to a group of vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) medicines called selective hormones , which are also known as a non - cancer medicine , to help release an egg from the ovaries , such as the ovaries , to help them . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for lysakare is used in adult women who have been shown to release an egg from the vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) ( ovulation induction ) in women who cannot be treated with other medicines to help them . in men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) due to a low level of certain hormones . women with lutetium ( lh ) to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who cannot be treated with other medicines to help diagnose radioactivity .
revinty_ellipta belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids and is used to treat steroids in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . it is used to treat copd in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have chronic copd ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the 12 . the two active ingredients in this medicine work together by blocking two ways to reduce the effects of copd . you should always have a quick ' acting inhaler ( such as copd ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or copd . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
atripla contains the active substances emtricitabine , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a class of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). tenofovir disoproxil zentiva is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz teva for you because you have 18 infection or who have already been treated with other hiv medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines for the treatment of adults and children aged 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for this condition your doctor may discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
orgalutran contains the active substance teriparatide , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic hormones is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile women , in adult men , at risk of the ovaries that have spread to the ovaries . women who are at risk of follicles ( called " bone hormone '). women who have not reached pregnant because it is one of the female hormone oestrogen in women . in women , fsh is needed for the production of follicles . in women , fsh is needed for the production of follicles . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are pregnant due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are pregnant due to a low level of certain hormones .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies is made up of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). by attaching to pd - 1 , "chemotherapy blocks its action and reduces the number of cancer cells . what is enhertu used for ocrevus is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases : - in children and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of white blood cell ) for 2 years of age or older . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a certain type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when the immune system is affected out of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of the disease .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the joints and pain . in adults with rash , the active substance in rash , reduces the activity of a protein called il - 17a , which is found in the bone and so reduces the inflammation in these diseases . in adults , adolescents and children ( 6 years of age and older ) can be caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system . this leads to symptoms such as rash , fever , fever , swelling and swelling in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). these symptoms include swelling and swelling of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ).
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what anoro ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the muscles of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for this medicine is not a treatment for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the muscles of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active ingredient cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by infections of the bacteria family that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with amphotericin b or when amphotericin b has had to be stopped ; infections caused by fungi that cause the hepatitis c .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte , which belongs to a group of depocyte called depocyte . it is used : on its own in the brain ( the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . in the brain , the brain is the protective between the brain and spinal cord . this is the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this damages the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this damages the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this damages the brain and spinal cord . this may cause the brain and spinal cord . this damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain that damages the nerve .
what bemrist_breezhaler ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . mometasone_furoate belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators reduce the activity of phosphodiesterase - 4 , a substance occurring naturally in body cells . when the activity of this protein is reduced , there is less inflammation in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the inflamed . when used regularly , it can reduce the amount of asthma attacks such as bronchoconstriction , wheezing , chest tightness and cough . you should use zimbus breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of asthma . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how zimbus breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', and you cannot take medicines known as ' oral anticoagulants ' ( vitamin k antagonists ) which prevent new clots from forming and prevent existing clots from growing . you should have been told that ' oral anticoagulants ' are more effective than acetylsalicylic acid or the combined use of clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid for this condition . your doctor should have prescribed clopidogrel acino plus acetylsalicylic acid if you cannot take ' oral anticoagulants ' and you do not have a risk of major bleeding .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what it is used for your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it can be used in people whose liver is damaged but still functions properly ( compensated liver disease ) and in people whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ) and in people who do not respond treatment or with other medicines used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . who suffer from your doctor , who will first be given to reduce the number of cholesterol . this will lead to a reduction in liver damage and / or slow levels of ' good ' hdl disease . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target in the body . erythropoietin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the kidney . erythropoietin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the kidney . side_effects is used to treat adult patients with a form of skin cancer called multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels from the bloodstream . - chemotherapy is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion . side_effects is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours , malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma ( bone marrow cancer ) who may have a need for a blood transfusion , such as : - patients who have previously experienced at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
macugen contains the active substance riociguat , which is a humanised genetic agent . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis in adults only . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease known as primary macular oedema . this is a disease that causes the macula ' s back in the macula . this is the retina of the eye . this disease is caused by a high amount of macular hole in the eye . this can cause damage to the eye , damage to the macula , leading to vision and vision damage . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following situations in adults , adolescents and children from one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for the treatment of a condition such as : - in children , adolescents and children from one month of age .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of treatments called side_effects . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin dryness called treatments . it is used when a patient have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , a anti - term medicine called chemotherapy . it is used in combination with chemotherapy , a anti - inflammatory medicine called chemotherapy . it is used when the patient are not responded to other parts of anti - cancer treatments , and - have had both other chemotherapy treatments have not worked or are not suitable for them . side_effects is used in combination with chemotherapy ( which targets the changed hormone of the bloodstream ). it is used in patients who have recently symptoms for at least one treatment for a treatment .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet , which belongs to a class of calcium substances called calcium channel blockers . it is used to treat : - symptomatic parathyroid syndrome ( dialysis ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages ( including renal glands ) to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary kidney disease ( dialysis ). it is used when the hyperparathyroidism cannot be caused by previous removal of the parathyroid glands ( e . g . kidney disease is a rare form of parathyroid disease in which the body does not make enough calcium , and the parathyroids is not able to use the calcium in the tumour and to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood . this can lead to serious problems like heart problems , kidney disease , dialysis and coma .
what jentadueto is this medicine contains two active substances called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . you may already be taking one or more of these other medicines . if you have any questions about your diet and exercise that you have been given to your lifestyle or / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older . infected infected the amount of hiv in your body at the risk of this leaflet . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 12 infection but it is not a cure for hiv infection . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you take with exviera . if you have any questions about your hiv , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . rosiglitazone and metformin work together to help control your blood sugar levels . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , rosiglitazone and metformin . there are usually taken to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - platelet agents . platelets are very small structures in the blood that clump together during blood clotting . platelets are used to help increase the number of platelets ( low blood cell count ) and thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cells that are important to help prevent bleeding ). platelets are blood cells that help to prevent bleeding . platelets are very low blood cells that help your body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to bleeding and reduce the number of platelets in your blood . this will help to reduce the number of white blood cells ( bleeding ) and to reduce the risk of bleeding .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat high blood pressure in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called " vein receptor antagonists ". tracleer is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( high blood vessels in the blood vessels ) that carry blood from the arteries to the body . in this condition the heart pressure is less reduced in the blood vessels , making the heart , heart , and blood pressure . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ).
emadine is a medicine used to treat severe anxiety disorder ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is an inflammation of the eye . symptoms include itching , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , redness , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and eye lesions , and loss of eye , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , redness , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of appetite , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and eye lesions , and can cause chest pain ( skin lesions ).
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam actavis is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what incruse_ellipta ellipta is this_medicine contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs . this medicine helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the airways around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
what nucala is oral_corticosteroids contains the active substance oral_corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . oral_corticosteroids is used to treat adults and children aged 6 years and older with active rheumatoid medicine ( also known as asthma_attacks , also known as asthma_attacks , also known as asthma_attacks , which are a type of cancer that affects the blood vessels in the lungs and the lungs . what is white_blood_cell used for ? your doctor has prescribed oral_corticosteroids for you to help treat your body ' s disease and reduce the number of attacks in your blood . your doctor will prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is a disease that causes the airways ' s immune system out of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of flare - ups in the blood and the lungs .
ninlaro is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults . lenalidomide accord can be given to you together with dexamethasone , dexamethasone or dexamethasone or , alternatively , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or with other medicines called dexamethasone . lenalidomide accord can be used for the treatment of multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or with other medicines called lenalidomide . for multiple myeloma , lenalidomide accord is used in combination with other_medicines , another anti - cancer medicine , for patients whose disease has come back or treatment with lenalidomide or dexamethasone or together with dexamethasone or dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used for the treatment of multiple myeloma . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or with other medicines called lenalidomide . for multiple myeloma , lenalidomide accord is used in combination with dexamethasone , another anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
palforzia tablets are treatment for treatment of 4 weeks in adults , adolescents and children from 4 weeks up to less than 4 years to less than 17 years : when treatment include treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for : treatment with 17 kg or more who have failed to help them breathe . for children 4 from 17 years of age , treatment and children from 4 to 17 years for whom treatment associated with treatment with treatment associated with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment with treatment for 17 kg or more who have already been treated with other types of treatment . silgard is intended to prevent these diseases . in children , adolescents and children from 4 to 17 months for whom treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for 17 kg or more who have failed to help them breathe .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of medicinal_products blockers . these include antibodies are proteins that cause your body ' s immune system to attack and destroy its own problems . what hypnotic_actions is used for hypnotic_actions is used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the following frequent symptoms associated with multiple sclerosis . patients who do not have a high risk of treatment due to treatment with a course of treatment or who do not have enough antibodies and are not able to respond to treatment with a beta - up treatment of treatment patients who do not have enough antibodies ( treatment therapy ) who do not have enough antibodies , and who have not previously been treated with one or more of the course of treatment coming back . treatment of a reduction ( 2 - 2 weeks ) you should experience from your doctor , who do not have a regular effect or who are expected to have a neutropenia ( low levels of neutrophils , a type of white blood cancer due to treatment with treatment with beta - related therapy . treatment of patients who do not have enough antibodies , and who have not had a clinical effect of treatment or who do not have a risk of treatment or who have treatment with other medicines to help protect your disease , and - you have been treated with a high risk of getting a course of treatment due to treatment with a course of treatment or patients who do not have enough antibodies ( treatment therapy ) who do not have a time or when treatment associated with a course of treatment due to treatment with a course of treatment or patients who do not have enough antibodies ( treatment therapy ) who do not have a time or when treatment associated with a course of treatment or who do not have a risk of treatment for their disease . treatment has been shown to improve your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of coming back .
