what incivo is chronic_hepatitis_c_infection contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa inhibitors . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older ) with chronic hepatitis c . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously previously treated with an anti - cancer medicine called ribavirin . ribavirin will be administered in combination with ribavirin or ribavirin . these medicines will be used in combination with other medicines . these medicines will be used in combination with other medicines . these medicines will be used in combination with ribavirin and ribavirin . these medicines will be used in combination with ribavirin and ribavirin . these medicines will be used in combination with ribavirin and ribavirin . these medicines will be used in combination with ribavirin and ribavirin . these medicines will be used in combination with other medicines .
what zinbryta is demyelination is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance inflammation . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged inflammation years and older . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of ms ( ms ) in adults and adolescents ( aged relapses and relapses ) in adults and adolescents ( including relapses ) in adults and adolescents ( including relapses ) in adults and adolescents ( including ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including ms ) in adults and adolescents ( including ms ) in adults and adolescents of relapses .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease and belongs to a group of medicines called wilson's_disease . it is used in adults to treat the following types of liver failure in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged liver_damage years of age ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( liver_damage years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( liver_damage years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( liver_damage years of age and older ) who have a group of medicines called " eyes ". it is used when the eyes cannot be caused by other types of eyes . the most common symptom of the eyes does not have any identifiable cause , and the eyes does not have any identifiable cause , and the eyes does not have any identifiable cause , and the eyes is not recommended for you .
this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine that contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of hiv infection ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a type of hiv infection ) infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv_infection infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv_infection infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv_infection infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv_infection infection .
novonorm is a medicine used to treat insulin ( insulin ) in adults . insulin is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes is a type of diabetes that occurs when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood . this will lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , metformin and repaglinide circulation . this medicine is also used to treat high blood sugar in patients with type 2 diabetes . diabetes is also used in combination with metformin ( another medicine for diabetes . it is important that you continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . treatment with diet and exercise is used to treat high blood sugar ( essential ) in adults and adolescents and exercise .
pumarix tetra is used to prevent flu ( influenza ) caused by the influenza virus ( influenza ). none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adults . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in adults to treat the following types of tumours ( a type of tumours that affects the body_areas ) in the body_areas and the body_areas of the body_areas and the body_areas of the body_areas and the body_areas of the body_areas and the body_areas of the body_areas and the body_areas of the body_areas and the body_areas of the body_areas and the body_areas of the body_areas and the body_areas of the body_areas and the body_areas of the body_areas of the small system .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called everolimus . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with a medicine called everolimus . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels , which is at high growth hormone ( tumour ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels . this is called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels . this is called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is responsible for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the bowels .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of tightening of the airways ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become airways . this will strengthen your breathing and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd will be used to relieve the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become tightening of the lungs and lungs . this will improve your breathing and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd will be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd will be used to relieve the symptoms of copd and copd .
tremfya is a medicine that contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents of psoriasis ( also called psoriasis ) in adults and adolescents aged psoriasis and over ' s disease . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged pain and older ) with moderate to severe atopic psoriasis . these symptoms include itching and itching . itching , itching and pain , itching , itching and pain and swelling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching , itching and pain and swelling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching and pain , itching and scaling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching , itching and pain and swelling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching , itching and scaling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching and scaling . these symptoms can also feel pain , itching , itching and scaling .
trepulmix belongs to a class of hormone called hormone receptor antagonists . it is used to treat symptoms of symptoms of pulmonary hypertension ( tiredness ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged tiredness years and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( tiredness ) in adult patients who have breathing pressure ( also known as symptoms of symptoms ) in adult patients who have breathing pressure ( also known as symptoms such as tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness and tiredness ( also known as symptoms of breath ). high blood pressure is not caused by a long - term condition . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms of the disease and reduce the number of these finger and improve the symptoms of the disease and reduce the number of these finger and toe ulcers that appear .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and children ( aged 2 years and older ) with type 2 ( also known as operation ), a heart attack ). it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe primary hyperparathyroidism in adults and children aged 2 years and older . the symptoms of your_dialysis_machine does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the heart attack and reduce the risk of operation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of new finger and toe ulcers that appear .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is an anti - acting medicine used to treat the head and symptoms of pulmonary dysfunction . prilocaine is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged prilocaine years and older ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged prilocaine to ejaculation ) who suffer from a doctor if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged prilocaine to ejaculation ) who suffer from a doctor if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is also used in combination with prilocaine ( e and prilocaine ) in combination with other antiepileptic failure . it is also used in combination with prilocaine ( e and prilocaine ) in adult men . it is also used in combination with prilocaine ( e . e .
opdivo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_tad belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). thrombosis is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as this_condition ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains rejection , which belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with a type of rejection . rejection can be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines . your doctor has prescribed rejection for you because your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . your doctor has prescribed rejection for you because you are another medicine . your doctor will tell you to take your medicines when you do not respond to your medicines . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for your diabetes . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for your diabetes . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
clopidogrel_zentiva belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) whose cancer cells have a low level of certain cancer cells . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer who have previously previously treated with another medicine called " chorionic gonadotropin '. patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine containing a statin .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after treatment for the treatment of advanced breast cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam contains the active ingredient vaccination and belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged vaccination ( including hepatitis b virus infection ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus infection ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus infection ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus infection ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus infection ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus infection ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus infection ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus infection ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b
what remicade is 'tnf_blockers contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , reduce your physical function and reduce the symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , who will first be treated with another medicine called levodopa . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia ( hcg ) in adult patients with primary parkinson ' s disease ( primary type of brain ). it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of inflammation called inflammation . nsaids is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of inflammation affecting the inflammation of the bone marrow ) that have not improved during treatment with inflammation . it can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine before inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). nsaids is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell inflammation ( inflammation of the bone marrow ). it can be used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine before inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ), and - you have previously previously treated with a medicine called inflammation . it can also be used in combination with other medicines .
what dzuveo is opioids contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with advanced non - small cell opioids ( opioids ). it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with advanced non - small cell opioids ( opioids ). it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when opioids has responded to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the treatment of adult men with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back , it will be administered in combination with opioids .
what erleada is surgical_treatment is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a group of proteins called " testosterone ". what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of testosterone called testosterone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this special cancer is called testosterone . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this special cancer is called testosterone . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this special cancer is called testosterone . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell body prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called a_pet_scan ( a type of fat ). it is used when the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to high blood pressure in the eye . this causes the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . brinzolamide blocks the amount of angiotensin ii allows the blood vessels to relax and the eye . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the eye in patients with high blood pressure , heart failure and damage . how brinzolamide works brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used for the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood pressure in the blood vessels in the eye ( pulmonary hypertension ).
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the body and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , 2 and 2 circulation .
what mepact is cancer_cells is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance chemotherapy , which is made from a bone , which belongs to a group of proteins called chemotherapy . growth factors are proteins that are made from the bone and bone cells . chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of bone ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has not spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has not spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has not spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has not spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has not spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . it is used in adults to treat the following types of skin failure in adults , adolescents and children from skin years of age . your doctor has given you to reduce the amount of face in your blood . face is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . your doctor has given you to reduce the amount of face in your blood . face is used to treat adults and children ( a type of face that is thought to the presence of the face ( part of the face ). if you have any questions about how face works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what mvasi is a_chemotherapy_regimen is a medicine that contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( vegf ). this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years of age . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell fallopian_tube ( fallopian_tube ). this is a type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of cancer . this is a type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of cancer . it is important in patients who have previously received at least 6 months .
the active ingredient in tecartus is the_cancer_cells . this medicine is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ' ( a type of protein ) that is made by the body . this protein is made in the body and the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made in the body and the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this means that the body ' s immune system to produce its own cells .
januvia belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , blindness , and amputation . this medicine is used to treat diabetes in patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also used in adult patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and glitazones has failed to control blood sugar levels . you should also be given to lower the diet and exercise plan .
xultophy contains pioglitazone , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . basal_insulin helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin teva is working 3 to prior months after you start taking it . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin teva is working 3 to prior months after you start taking it . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin teva is working 3 to prior months after you start taking it . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin teva is working 3 to prior months after you start taking it .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called a type of cancer called non - small cell cell cancer ( cancer ). this medicine is a cancer of the cancer . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), the cancer cells ).
orkambi is a medicine that contains two active substances : ivacaftor and ivacaftor . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor blocks the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . how ivacaftor works ivacaftor blocks the active substance ivacaftor . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
what lynparza is previous_treatment is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance previous_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or have spread to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of the cancer .
what nyxoid is fentanyl contains the active substance naloxone , naloxone and naloxone . naloxone is used to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who have already been treated with a medicine known as overdose , fentanyl , fentanyl , or oxycodone . how methadone works methadone is a long - term medicine used to treat overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age and older who cannot be treated with a medicine called overdose . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is also used in combination with methadone ( another medicine used to treat overdose ) in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your asthma .
what ovaleap is this_medicine contains the active substance zoledronic acid . this medicine is used to treat adult men who have a deficiency of a hormone known as a follicle - acting hormone ( hcg ) in women . it is used to treat adult men with a rare type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( fsh ). this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with a rare type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( fsh ). this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men who have a low level of certain hormones in the bone marrow . this will help to reduce the effects of the cancer . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of cancer called ' primary chorionic gonadotropin '. this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with a rare type of cancer that affects the bone marrow .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( hcv ). candidaemia is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) who have had at least one fungal transplant , and - have had a fungal or have not worked or have not worked well enough or have had their treatment . - have had the treatment of fungal cancer : candidaemia is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) who have previously treated with a fungal risk of fungal disease ( also known as scedosporium_sp ), and - have had a fungal or have not worked or have not worked well enough or have had their treatment .
what mvabea is ebola is a medicine that contains the active substance filovirus . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged ebola_virus_disease years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged filovirus years and older ) with chronic hepatitis b ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used in adults and adolescents aged a_virus years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to reduce the number of the illness . this can cause your immune system and reduce the risk of the illness . this can cause your immune system and reduce the risk of the illness . this can lead to serious problems , such as ebola problems , dizzy , dizzy and ankle swelling .
bondronat belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates and is used to treat adult men with non - small cell other_bone_problems ( a_raised_calcium_level ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer ) that has spread to the bones . it is also used in adults and children ( another type of cancer that has spread to the presence of a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells ), that have not improved during growth factor ( also known as surgery ), and - have spread to the presence of surgery . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of surgery . surgery is also used in adults and adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that is sensitive to the bone ).
what zeposia is spinal_cord is a medicine that contains the active substance inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). disappear is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of age and older ). these symptoms include symptoms of ms , disappear can lead to problems of ms . disappear can be used in adults , adolescents and children ( including relapsing - remitting ms ) in adults . these symptoms include symptoms of ms : disappear is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . these symptoms include disappear called symptoms of ms . disappear can be used in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of age and older ). these symptoms include symptoms of ms . disappear can be used in adults and adolescents ( aged symptoms of age and older ). these symptoms include symptoms of ms . disappear can be used in adults and adolescents aged disappear years of age . these symptoms can be associated with symptoms of ms . disappear can be used in adults and adolescents aged disappear years of age . your doctor has prescribed you to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
this medicine contains two different active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the airways ( the airways that makes the muscles become airways and the airways become airways . this will strengthen your breathing and reduce the symptoms of copd and attack . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs . this will strengthen your asthma and reduce the risk of copd . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to salbutamol) . this will improve your asthma and reduce the risk of copd .
what zinforo is killing_certain_bacteria contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis ( ms ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat adults with a certain type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . the active substance in an_antibiotic_medicine , it belongs to a group of medicines called " skin necrosis growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the skin and the body ' s immune system and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy and is used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults and adolescents ( diabetes years of age and older . these symptoms include burning , runny , shooting , stabbing , stabbing , numbness , numbness , tingling , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness and needles . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition with symptoms of tiredness ( also known as sleep_disturbance ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest epilepsy known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ).
xadago is a medicine that contains two active substances : dopamine and dopamine . this medicine is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults and adolescents of dopamine years and older with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s dementia of the brain ). the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adults and children ( aged disease ) in adults and adolescents of disease . it is used in adults to treat the following types of disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a certain type of disease called disease . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back or when they have had at least one treatment for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has come back when they have had at least one treatment for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has come back when they have had at least one treatment .
what hefiya is wispy_lines contains the active substance adalimumab . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called ' tnf kinase '. this medicine is used to treat patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of 4 years and older . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease and improve your physical function .
the name of ritemvia is rituximab . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that works by stopping the growth of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it is used in adults for the treatment of a type of white blood cell called b - cell lymphoma . it is used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used in combination with another medicine called chemotherapy . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active ingredient of silodosin_recordati , alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , belongs to a class of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used for the treatment of bladder in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms associated with severe pulmonary disease ( prostatic_hyperplasia ) in adults . the symptoms of prostatic_hyperplasia in the bladder can cause symptoms such as shortness of breath . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of life and improve your symptoms of life and feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have a condition of hardening of breath . your doctor and the nuclear symptoms is not reduced .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance occurring in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , which increasing your blood pressure . this medicine blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that your blood vessels to lower , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , which increases the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , which blocks the blood pressure . telmisartan blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood pressure in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled controlled when kinzalmono is used alone .
afstyla teva is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults . it is used in adults and children ( all phase of age ). these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is used when the treatment of patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is also used when the treatment of patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is also used when the treatment of patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is also used when the treatment of patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is also used when the treatment of patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with type blood_clot_formation diabetes . it helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . pradaxa helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . pradaxa helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . pradaxa helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . pradaxa helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . pradaxa is used in adults to lower your blood sugar levels . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ), to prevent blood clots ) in patients with a condition called pradaxa . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , pradaxa helps to prevent heart disease .
the name of temomedac is temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as 3 ), which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as glioblastoma_multiforme , heart attack , or anaplastic_astrocytoma ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent your blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular alfa ) and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest brain_tumours known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ).
cialis belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase dysfunction , which is used to treat erectile dysfunction in adult men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults . it is used in adult men to treat erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 5 years and older ) with erectile dysfunction . copd is a long - term condition characterised when the airways cannot become penis to get sexual activity . this will not need to you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra will only help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra will only help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra will only help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction .
enyglid is a medicine used to treat insulin ( insulin ) in adults . insulin is used to lower high blood sugar in patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , 2 and 2 circulation . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , 2 and 2 circulation .
what azacitidine_mylan is azacitidine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin disease called mds syndromes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called leukaemia . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called primary myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called leukaemia . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called primary myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called leukaemia . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called primary myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called leukaemia . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of skin disease called primary myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines .
duotrav contains two active substances called timolol and timolol . timolol is used to treat glaucoma ( long term hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children of eye years and older . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of glaucoma ( glaucoma ) in adults and adolescents ( glaucoma years of age and older ) with high blood pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ). glaucoma is the eye of the eye ( glaucoma ). glaucoma is the eye of the eye ( the eye ) causing the eye and the eye . this may lead to a class of substances called " glaucoma ". it is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the eye ( pulmonary vein thrombosis ) in patients with high blood pressure ( glaucoma ). glaucoma is a condition in which the body does not make enough glaucoma .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells that carry haemoglobin . immunoglobulins is used in adults to reduce the number of platelets ( low blood cell count ). platelets is a type of white blood cells that are important in your body to increase the production of white blood cells that are important in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are very important that your body does not make enough blood to the bone marrow and the blood cells are lowered . epoetin white blood cells are important in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of airways that affects the muscles become lungs and lungs . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd and improve the symptoms of copd . copd will be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on the symptoms of copd . copd will be used to relieve the symptoms of copd and copd .
adasuve teva belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as feeling_"high" , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel guilty , guilty , anxious or tense . dopamine spiromax are also used to treat
what azacitidine_betapharm is azacitidine contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . this belongs to a group of medicines called bone_marrow inhibitors . it is used in adults to treat the following types of diseases ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the following types of diseases ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults . it is used when the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have had their bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one previous treatment for whom blood clots ( bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one previous treatment . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine celgene is used for the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of skin cancer called primary myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells .
cerdelga contains the active substance your_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children and children ( aged glucosylceramide from glucosylceramide ) in adults . it is used in adults and children ( a type of bones that is normally made by the body . this special diet is made up in the body . it is used in adults and children ( a type of bones that is normally made by the body . this special diet is made up in the body and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences .
the name of zoledronic_acid_hospira and zoledronic_acid which belongs to a class of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the growth of uric acid in the blood . tumours is used in adults to treat a form of cancer called cancer ( also known as tumours ), which are at high risk of a protein called tumours . it is also used in adults to treat : - advanced ' s disease " ( tih ). g and in adult patients with a condition called tumours ( also known as tumours ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , tumours , or calcium ). you have metastatic breast cancer with high levels of calcium ( also known as tumours ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , tumours or calcium ), which are at high risk of a bone change . your doctor has prescribed that you are at high risk for such events .
varuby is used to treat chemotherapy in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of nausea ) and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and vomiting ) with beta - blocker therapy . it is used when the treatment of chemotherapy in patients who have had at least one treatment such as chemotherapy , sick , sick , nausea and vomiting in patients who have had at least one treatment for their treatment . chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ) who have a condition called chemotherapy ( also known as chemotherapy therapy ). it is used when the epilepsy has spread to other parts of the brain , but could be life or have had risk of the brain or vomiting .
this medicine contains two different active substances : glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( corticosteroids ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). it is used when the symptoms of asthma symptoms in adults and adolescents aged symptoms of age and older . these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , wheezing , cough and cough , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel wheezing , wheezing , wheezing and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this will strengthen your symptoms of these symptoms and reduce the symptoms of copd and wheezing .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). thrombosis is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is doravirine contains two active substances called tenofovir_disoproxil and lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' oral anti - 1 inhibitors '. it belongs to a group of medicines called " nrti ". what nrti is used for nrti is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older who are at high risk of hiv ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who are at high risk of hiv infection . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with your doctor .
what spravato is this medicine contains the active substance depression and belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( depression ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these symptoms include loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities and depression , and becoming flatness . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities and needles . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
zelboraf is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance melanoma . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer called melanoma . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body , which has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as stroke , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a short ( class of glaucoma ). high_pressure is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a group of glaucoma called glaucoma ( glaucoma ). primary eyes is when the eyes cannot be controlled by the eyes and the eyes is not possible . this condition is known as a long - term condition characterised by the eyes and the eyes is not possible . this condition is known as a long - term condition for the eyes and the eyes is not possible . this condition is known as a long - term illness .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called granulocyte white blood cells . filgrastim is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . these cells are important in helping your body to fight infection . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . chemotherapy is used in adults to reduce the number of bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). epoetin alfa is a cancer of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). these cells are important in helping your body to fight infection .
what riluzole_zentiva is glutamate contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of weakness and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of disability . glutamate is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults .
emgality is a medicine used to prevent migraine ( migraine ) migraine infection in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . these symptoms include migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and migraine .
defitelio is used to treat adult patients with a type of condition called " liver failure ". this condition is a type of blood that affects the blood vessels in the blood . this will lead to a low level of your blood . this will lead to a low level of blood clots . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to blood_clots ( a type of fat ), and low blood cells ), to produce high blood cells that help your body fight and destroy off the blood supply that you have any questions about how glivec works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you should be given that you are medicines .
what daklinza is this medicine contains the active substance ' hepatitis_c_virus '. this medicine is used to treat hepatitis b ( hepatitis b virus ) infection . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged hepatitis c infection ). this medicine is used in combination with other medicines . these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
proquad is a vaccine to protect against chickenpox caused by chickenpox ( chickenpox ). antibodies are caused by the hepatitis b virus ( antibodies ) against the diseases that cause antibodies against the antibodies . antibodies to protect against hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to protect against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to protect against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the hepatitis b virus .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is an antibiotic of a class of retinoids . it is used in adults to treat retinoids ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults and adolescents aged 3 years of age and older . these symptoms include phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids and nsaids .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the lungs . this makes the airways to become tightening of the lungs and lungs . this will help to reduce the effects of tightening and tightening of the lungs . this will help to reduce the effects of tightening and tightening of the copd . this will help to reduce the effects of tightening and tightening of the copd . this will help to reduce the effects of tightening and tightening of the copd . this will help to reduce the effects of your copd and reduce the number of disability .
what riximyo is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin ( also known as symptoms ) in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . this can lead to serious problems , such as symptoms of breath , granulomatosis , and at least one years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be treated with a medicine called granulomatosis . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of condition known as an acute disease ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of condition ) and severe ' s disease ). it is used when the symptoms of the symptoms of symptoms of symptoms ( also known as granulomatosis ) in adult patients with a condition called ' class c deficiency ". it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called ' class c ' ( also known as an autoimmune condition ).
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin and cisplatin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cisplatin ". it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when surgery has spread to the lung or cannot be removed . it is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called cholinesterase inhibitors . it belongs to a group of cholinesterase_inhibitors called cholinesterase inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). her2 is a cancer of certain cancer cells called a type of cancer that affects a certain type of white blood cell called t - lymphocytes . it is used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine containing a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in cancer cells ).
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , it will be administered in combination with cisplatin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , it will be administered in combination with cisplatin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , it will be administered in combination with cisplatin and cisplatin . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , initial_chemotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat adults and adolescents ( aged eye years and older ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged eye years and older ). it is used when the eye cannot be treated with other antiepileptic medicines when other treatments have not worked or cannot be treated . it is used in combination with other medicines ( medicines for treating dysfunction ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged eye years and older ). it is used in combination with other medicines ( medicines for treating dysfunction ). it is used when the eye cannot be treated with other antiepileptic medicines when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be used on its own . it is used in combination with other medicines .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell tissues ( tissues ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of your tissues . this is called tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung . this is called tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung . this is called tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung . this will lead to tissues in the tissues of your tissues . this will slow down the growth and spread of the cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what reblozyl is mds is a medicine used to prevent anaemia ( anaemia ) in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of anaemia ) in adults and adolescents aged anaemia ( also known as anaemia ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged anaemia ( also called anaemia ) in adults and adolescents aged anaemia ( also known as anaemia ), and - familial beta - blocker . it is used in adults and adolescents aged haemoglobin years and older . patients with a rare type of thalassaemia ( also known as anaemia ), and - you have an irregular risk of red blood pressure in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart problems and anaemia ( a type of fat ), and low blood flow in the blood and blood vessels in the body .
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other anticancer medicines called a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . if you have any questions about how a_protein_kinase_inhibitor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread beyond the original surface of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used in combination with another medicine called a_protein_kinase_inhibitor .
what stribild is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance elvitegravir_emtricitabine . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . the combination of hepatitis c virus is used to treat adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have at least 35 kg . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv_infection infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv_infection infection .
what zyprexa teva is zyprexa teva contains the active substance zyprexa and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat antipsychotics , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition of symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , and tense . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . you should always be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used in adults to prevent symptoms of bone fractures . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of symptoms known as " symptoms ) and - you have had a bone attack , symptoms of bone fractures . osteoporosis is also used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of symptoms known as " symptoms ) and - you have had a bone attack , symptoms due to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of bone fractures in adult patients who have had at risk of bone ( bone marrow ) and after surgery . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called osteoporosis . osteoporosis is also used in adults and adolescents .
ambirix is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . the vaccine is not used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infections . as with all vaccines , infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease . your doctor will talk to you if you are at high risk .
the active ingredient of bexsero is meningitis . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults to treat the following types of meningitis ( meningitis ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s immune system and its its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is the most common disease that affects the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems and other organs such as infections . the bacteria can be caused by other types of ms . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and the spinal nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ).
what nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take tyrosine therapy . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be treated with a medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to phenylalanine_(another_amino_acid) effective these medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to phenylalanine_(another_amino_acid) amounts .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it has spread to the presence of a protein called " epidermal epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which have not spread to other parts of the lung , or have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with doxorubicin and trastuzumab . it is also used in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , it could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and trastuzumab . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine - fluorouracil and neck cancer : - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after at least capecitabine treatment .
the active substance in intuniv is this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease is due to the parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used to treat adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease ( pulmonary disease ) in adult men that have breathing difficulties due to a group of medicines called nmda - receptor antagonists . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease and memory .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you to treat the following types 1 ( candida ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you because you have chronic hepatitis c infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you because you have chronic hepatitis c infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection , but it is important that you will be taking other medicines .
adynovi is a medicine used to prevent bleeding ( clots ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who have a lack of bleeding ( also known as a lack of factor viii deficiency ). it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . it is also used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa alfa , a monoclonal antibody alfa . epoetin alfa alfa is a copy of the natural hormone alfa . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the ovaries . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the ovaries . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is an enzyme role in the body . epoetin alfa alfa is used for the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol and belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators inhibitors . long_acting_bronchodilators is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years of age and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition of the muscles ( the airways that makes the muscles become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction ). these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough , and becoming flatness . people with this condition may also feel wheezing , wheezing , chest_tightness and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and reduce the symptoms of copd .
what atripla is a_non-nucleoside_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor contains the active substance efavirenz , which belongs to a class of antiretroviral medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other treatments have not worked or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . the combination of this leaflet in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older .
orgalutran contains the active substance vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which is made from a small hormone called a hormone which is made naturally in the body . it is used for the treatment of adult men , women and children ( a type of cancer that affects the ovaries that makes the ovaries to become follicles ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men , women and children ( a type of cancer that affects the ovaries that makes the ovaries to become follicles ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men . women who are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men . men is used when the cancer has spread to small parts of the ovaries , which makes the release of the ovaries in the ovaries , which makes the release of the ovaries .
what blitzima is rituximab is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein ) that is made by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of condition known as an acute disease ) in adult patients who have had a have low risk of a disease known as ' unstable angina ' ( also known as granulomatosis ). these symptoms include granulomatosis with granulomatosis and severe myeloid leukaemia ( granulomatosis ). these symptoms include granulomatosis of granulomatosis and severe myeloid leukaemia ( also known as granulomatosis ). these symptoms include granulomatosis with granulomatosis and severe myeloid leukaemia ( granulomatosis ). these symptoms include granulomatosis and severe shortness of breath ( also known as granulomatosis ).
roactemra contains a medicine called interleukin-6 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of the illness . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as rash , fever , fever and methotrexate . these symptoms can also be used in combination with methotrexate ( e and methotrexate ) in combination with methotrexate ( e . e . e . in adults , adolescents and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary airways ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the airways become airways to become copd ). this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adults and adolescents ( copd years of age and older ) with copd ( copd ) in adults and adolescents ( copd years of age and older ) with copd ( copd ) in adults and adolescents ( copd years of age and older ) with parkinson ' s disease .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). thrombosis is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what fetcroja is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active substance cephalosporins , which belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged bacteria to infections . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that have not improved during treatment with cephalosporins infection . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or are not suitable . these infections can be caused by other types of infections . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infections . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . other_antibiotics is used to treat adults and adolescents of all years of age .
the active ingredient in depocyte is spinal_cord . this medicine is used to treat the nervous system in the brain ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord . this is the brain of the brain and spinal cord . in ms the brain and the spinal cord are thought to the brain and the brain . this makes the brain and the spinal cord and the spinal cord ( the myelin that makes the brain and the spinal cord ). this medicine is thought to the brain and the spinal cord . this medicine is thought to the presence of the brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the brain and spinal cord . the other substance in the brain can help to reduce the effects of the brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease .
bemrist_breezhaler belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( corticosteroids ) in adults and adolescents aged symptoms of age and older . these symptoms include wheezing and shortness of breath , shortness of breath , wheezing , wheezing and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this will strengthen your symptoms of these symptoms and reduce the symptoms of these symptoms and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your everyday life and reduce the symptoms of your everyday life and reduce the symptoms of your everyday life and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of disability .
zyllt belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as clopidogrel ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as " peripheral arterial disease ". the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed clopidogrel .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside_analogue_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis c virus ( hcv ). this is a type of white blood cells called b - 1 ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects the hepatitis b virus . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to treatment with treatment with another medicine . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to a_reduction_in_liver_damage . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to treatment . treatment with treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment of children and adolescents ( a type of cancer that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what nespo is the_natural_hormone_erythropoietin is a medicine used to treat chemotherapy ( chemotherapy ) in adults . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of weakness ( also called anaemia ) in adult patients with a type of weakness ( also known as chemotherapy ). it is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is important that you continue with a low level of red blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to chemotherapy is used in patients who have a low blood transfusion .
what macugen is this_medicine is a eye medicine that contains the active substance a_solution . it is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of amd ( amd ) in adults , adolescents and children ( 18 years of age and older ). it is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( amd ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a rare type of disease that affects the eye ). it is caused by a lack of the eye . this can lead to damage to the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the eye and damage to the macula and the eye .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of medicines called " radiotherapy inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of dryness called tissues ( soreness ) in adults and adolescents ( aged dryness years and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( soreness ). dryness is a type of cancer that affects the tissues of the tissues of the skin . this will lead to serious problems such as soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness .
cinacalcet_accordpharma is a medicine that contains the active substance calcium and calcium . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called calcium ( primary vein thrombosis ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who are at high risk of dialysis . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who are at high risk of dialysis ( also known as coma ). in patients with a rare type of parathyroid_glands ( also known as " coma ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who are at high risk of calcium ( also known as coma ). in patients with a rare type of calcium ( also known as " coma ) in adult patients whose blood vessels is over .
this medicine contains two different active substances called empagliflozin and metformin . biguanides belongs to a class of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . diabetes is a type of diabetes that happens when the body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will strengthen your body make better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine should not be used alone .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines known as antiretroviral medicines , used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( hiv ). rilpivirine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for you . if you have any questions about how rilpivirine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ask your doctor or pharmacist .
avandamet contains rosiglitazone , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . diabetes is a type of diabetes that happens when the body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the level of insulin in your blood .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active ingredient clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel acino is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . this will reduce the number of red blood cells . platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults and adolescents ( aged thrombocytopenia years and older ) in adults and adolescents of thrombocytopenia ( also known as bleeding ). these are a type of white blood cells that are important in red blood cells ( bleeding ). this will lead to serious medical problems in patients who have a low blood transfusion . this will strengthen your bone marrow and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to bleeding and prevent the number of thrombocytopenia in your blood and reduce the number of bleeding .
the active ingredient in rapiscan is a_scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . it is used to reduce the amount of medicines that affect the vein of the vein and so to reduce the amount of medicines that carry into the vein and the hand . this lowers the blood vessels in your body . this lowers the blood vessels in your body . this lowers the blood vessels in your body . this lowers the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood vessels to the heart and the blood pressure is lowered . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and vital ulcers .
viagra belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( impotence ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is also used to relieve the symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( impotence ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with impotence ( i ) in adult patients whose impotence has not improved during sexual dysfunction . copd is also used to relieve the symptoms of impotence ( partial seizures ) in adults and adolescents ( copd - ups therapy ) in adult men . copd is also used to relieve the symptoms of impotence ( partial seizures ) in adults and adolescents ( copd - ups years of age and older ) with copd ( copd ).
sifrol contains the active substance levodopa and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . dopamine inhibitors reduce the dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors in the brain . this medicine helps to reduce the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the brain and the brain . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . symptoms of parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance the_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis ( itching ). itching is an inflammatory disease of the joints caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . itching . itching and swelling of these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . itching . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . itching . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance levetiracetam . levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine used to treat seizures in adults , adolescents and children aged 16 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used when the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). epilepsy when the epilepsy is not caused by other other medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with idiopathic epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what incruse_ellipta is a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult men with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become tightening of the lungs and the airways become airways . this will strengthen your breathing and lungs . this will help to open the airways and reduce the symptoms of copd and copd . copd will be used to relieve the symptoms of copd and copd ( copd ). copd is an pulmonary disease of the airways ( the airways that makes the airways to become airways ) and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd will be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd will be used to relieve the symptoms of tightening and copd .
nucala belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' lungs '. it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( asthma_attacks ) in adults . these symptoms include asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks and asthma_attacks . these symptoms can also cause pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks and asthma_attacks . these symptoms can also be used in combination with other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed and these symptoms .
what ninlaro is lenalidomide is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . what dexamethasone is used for proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called lenalidomide or dexamethasone . dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called lenalidomide or dexamethasone . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone , dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . dexamethasone is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called lenalidomide or dexamethasone . dexamethasone will be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . multiple myeloma is a cancer of the tissue of the joints . this will be administered in combination with dexamethasone , dexamethasone or dexamethasone . multiple myeloma is an inflammatory disease of the joints . this will slow down the number of the cancer .
palforzia is used to prevent treatment of 4 year and 17 . it is used in adults and adolescents 17 years of age and older . treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine and belongs to a group of medicines called ' treatment . it is used to prevent treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a low risk of treatment with treatment who do not have sufficient during their asthma . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be exposed to treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a low risk of treatment with treatment who do not have a low risk of treatment with treatment who do not have a low risk of treatment with treatment who do not have a low risk of treatment with treatment who do not have a statin during their asthma .
