what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin , which belongs to a group of medicines called hepatitis_c_virus . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged hepatitis_c_virus years and older ) with chronic hepatitis c virus ( hepatitis_c_virus ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged hepatitis_c_virus years of age and older ) with chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , who have previously previously treated with a medicine called ribavirin . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_virus infection . it is important that you will read the package leaflets for you . if you have any questions about how ribavirin works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . ribavirin is used in combination with other medicines .
what zinbryta is demyelination is a medicine that contains the active substance demyelination . this medicine is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . demyelination is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . demyelination is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called therapy . the active substance in demyelination , demyelination , is a long - inflammatory type of protein that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is an inflammatory disease that affects the central nervous system and spinal cord . this can lead to problems of ms .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease and belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children aged liver years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged liver_damage years and older ) with a type of eyes . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged liver_damage years and older ) with chronic hepatitis c ( liver_damage ) in adults and adolescents aged liver_damage years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the body does not make enough liver , your body does not make enough liver , your body does not make enough liver , your body does not make enough liver , your body does not have any identifiable cause , and the liver does not have any identifiable cause . this will lead to serious medical problems such as " heart failure , heart attack , eyes , eyes and eyes .
biktarvy is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is used when your hiv does not make enough infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . infection is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection .
novonorm is a medicine used to treat insulin ( insulin ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 diabetes . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you which are at high risk for such your diabetes . your doctor has given you because you are at high risk for such your diabetes . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such your diabetes . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
pumarix is used to prevent flu ( influenza ) caused by the influenza ( influenza ). it is given to prevent flu caused by the h5n1 organisation for the 2020 / 2021 season . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc is a medicine that contains the active substance tumours . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult patients who have a low amount of tumours ( also known as radiation ). it is used in adults to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adult patients who have a low risk of tumours ( a type of brain scan ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called " non - small cell cell cancer ( her2 ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other anticancer medicines called vegf-targeted_therapy . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , or for combination with other cancer medicines , who will first be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . vegf-targeted_therapy is used to treat cancer .
this medicine contains two different active substances : vilanterol and vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition of the lungs and the airways become airways .
tremfya is a medicine that contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis , such as psoriasis , burning , itching and scaling . these symptoms can be associated with itching and scaling . these symptoms include itching and scaling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this can cause pain and scaling . these symptoms include itching and scaling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be discontinued . this medicine should not be used to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
trepulmix belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( tiredness ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in your blood . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in your blood . high blood pressure , if the blood vessels relax , and the blood pressure is lowered . this means that the blood vessels relax , and the blood pressure is lowered . this means that the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure is lowered . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in your body . high blood pressure , if not treated , can lead to high blood pressure .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease . it is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older . in type 2 gaucher disease is a condition in which your body does not make enough 2 of your blood . this can lead to heart problems , heart attack , heart attack , heart attack and heart failure . your_dialysis_machine is also used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this condition is also used to treat adult patients with low blood clots in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . patients with a condition called ' class c ' and ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). in patients with a condition called ' atrial '. ' means '. these means do not work well enough , it will also be used alone .
senstend contains two active substances , prilocaine and prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called selective head ( serms ). it is used for the treatment of pulmonary dysfunction in adult men , adolescents and children aged prilocaine years of age . it is used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of head ) and adult men that have not improved during sexual dysfunction . it is used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults and adolescents aged prilocaine years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged ejaculation to ejaculation years ) who suffer from a group of lifelong_premature_ejaculation called ejaculation ( ejaculation ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called prilocaine . it is also used in adults and adolescents and adolescents ( 5 years of age and older ).
opdivo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab . nivolumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this medicine is also used in combination with another medicine called nivolumab . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
clopidogrel_tad belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). thrombosis is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance the_active_substance_tacrolimus , which belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of heart heart function called non - small cell heart failure in adults . rejection can be used alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor has prescribed rejection for you to reduce the number of your blood through your body . your doctor will tell you to take your other medicines that you will be taking taking rejection . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor will be given that you will be taking rejection . if you have any questions about your medicines , your doctor will be given that you will be given to reduce the diet and symptoms of your diabetes . your doctor will tell you to take your asthma .
clopidogrel_zentiva belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel teva pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as clopidogrel ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance epoetin alfa . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of cancer ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine known as another medicine used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called ' t - fallopian transfer '. this medicine is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of cancer ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine known as another medicine used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called a type of certain cancer whose blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of cancer .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine when your disease has responded to a treatment of chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the_initial_treatment is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
immunogam contains the active ingredient vaccination and belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged vaccination and children who are caused by hepatitis b virus ( vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus ( vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' monoclonal antibodies '. it is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function . this will be used in combination with other medicines . if you have any psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it is used to prevent inflammation of the following types of inflammation ( inflammation of the bone marrow ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of inflammation that can occur to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). nsaids is used in adults to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). it is used in adults to prevent inflammation of bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). nsaids is used in adults to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). it is used in adults to prevent inflammation of bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). inflammation is used to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). inflammation is used to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ).
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called opioids . sufentanil is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with a condition called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with a condition called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with a condition called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
what erleada is surgical_treatment is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of testosterone called testosterone . it is used in adults to treat adult men , a type of cancer that affects the body . it is used in adults to treat adult men , a type of cancer that affects the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " testosterone " which is responsible for the treatment of adult men . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " testosterone " which is responsible for the treatment of adult men . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body called " testosterone " which is responsible for the treatment of adult men .
this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called a_pet_scan ( a type of fat ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the eye can lead to high blood pressure in the eye . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose eye pressure is over or equal to the eye ( high blood pressure ). brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to prevent blood pressure in the blood vessels ( high blood pressure ) in the blood vessels of the eye and blood vessels in the eye and blood vessels of the eye and lungs . if you have any questions about how brinzolamide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the body and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the body and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , 2 and 2 circulation .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to the back ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to the bone ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to the back ), to prevent back ( bone marrow cancer ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called chemotherapy . chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 30 years and older ). chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 30 years and older ) who are at high risk of bone ( bone marrow ). it is used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called chemotherapy . chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 30 years and older ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . it is used in adults to treat adults and children from skin years of age . your doctor has given you to reduce the amount of face in your blood . skin is a type of skin that occurs when the skin does not have enough blood to the skin and the face and the skin is not able to have parts of the skin and the skin . this will result in the skin and the skin . skin is a type of illness that happens from the skin and the skin . this will result in the skin and the body ' s immune system to attack and destroy the progression of the illness and the skin has not been treated for you .
mvasi is a medicine that contains the active substance gemcitabine . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years of age and older . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer . when used for patients with epithelial epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back or cannot be treated with chemotherapy .
the active ingredient in tecartus is the_cancer_cells . this medicine is a type of protein called a type of protein ( a type of protein ) that is made by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made in the body and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made in the body and the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is made in the blood and the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this means that the body ' s immune system to produce its own cells .
januvia belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such your diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such your diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
xultophy contains a medicine called insulin_degludec . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , diabetes and diabetes . this medicine is used to treat diabetes in the blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether basal_insulin is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called a type of cancer called non - small cell cell cancer ( cancer ). growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a cancer of the cancer that affects the growth of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein on the cancer cells .
orkambi is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). how ivacaftor works ivacaftor is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the symptoms of the disease and the symptoms of the disease . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be taking ivacaftor .
what lynparza is previous_treatment is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a target target in the body . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the surface of cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the growth of cancer cells . this cancer is a cancer of the cancer cells . the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of cancer cells . this cancer is a cancer of the cancer cells . the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of cancer cells . this cancer is a cancer of the cancer cells . the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of cancer cells . this cancer is a cancer of the cancer cells . the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of cancer cells . this cancer is a cancer of the cancer cells . the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of cancer cells . this cancer is a cancer of the cancer cells . the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of cancer cells . this cancer is a cancer of the cancer cells . the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells . this cancer is a cancer of the cancer . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a cancer of the cancer cells ). the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of cancer cells . this cancer is a cancer of the cancer cells . the cancer cells have a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells .
what nyxoid is fentanyl contains a medicine called naloxone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 medicines . it is used in adults and adolescents 14 14 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent overdose in adults and adolescents 14 14 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent overdose in adults and adolescents aged 14 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 14 amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to overdose .
ovaleap contains the active substance pramipexole alfa , which belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called fsh ( serms ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of fungal cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with another medicine called infertile . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer affecting the bone marrow .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( non-neutropenic ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( non-neutropenic ). these are a type of white blood cells called b . this can lead to serious problems , such as non-neutropenic , non-neutropenic , fusarium , fusarium , or fusarium , red or fusarium had a fungus that have not improved during treatment with fluconazole or fusarium . these symptoms are caused by fungi of the bone marrow . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 2 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be discontinued .
mvabea tetra is a vaccine used to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of the illness . this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this can lead to serious problems , such as fever , dizzy , dizzy and muscle_aches in the blood . this can lead to a low level of your illness . this can lead to serious problems , such as fever , dizzy , dizzy and muscle_aches ( also known as a result of the body .
bondronat belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates and is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( other_bone_problems ). this is a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow in the blood . this can result in your bone and bone ( bone marrow ) in your blood . this can result in your bone and bone ( bone marrow ) in your blood . this will result in your bone and bone marrow , bone , bone and bone and bone . this can also occur in your bones . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of weaker . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure .
zeposia belongs to a class of medicines called medicines called lymphocytes . it belongs to a group of medicines called " lymphocytes ". it is used to treat adult patients with active type of lymphocytes called lymphocytes . it is used in adults to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of skin ) and symptoms of symptoms of symptoms ( also known as disappear called lymphocytes ). these are a type of white blood cells called b - 1 ( a type of white blood cells ). the type of white blood cells in the blood . this can lead to serious problems , such as numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , and needles .
this medicine contains two different active substances called vilanterol and vilanterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles become airways ( pulmonary airways ) and other symptoms of the airways ( pulmonary airways ) and other symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and the lungs . the symptoms of copd are shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath and shortness of breath . the use of this medicine can also be used to relieve the symptoms of copd and improve the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs . this will improve your breathing and reduce the effects of copd .
what zinforo is killing_certain_bacteria contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis ( ms ). it is used in adults to treat adults with a certain type of skin cancer called ms . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat adults with a certain type of cancer affecting the skin ( ms ). this is a type of white blood cells that affects the skin and other parts of the skin . this will lead to other parts of the skin and other parts of the skin .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy and is used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). gad is used to prevent the symptoms associated with diabetes ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include burning , throbbing , throbbing , shooting and aching , numbness , numbness , numbness , tingling and numbness . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition with symptoms of tiredness ( also known as sleep_disturbance ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of chest epilepsy known as " unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ).
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone . testosterone is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of lung cancer ) that affects the body ' s body ' s body ' s immune system and the body ' s body ' s immune system and the body ' s body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences .
hefiya is a medicine that contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target in the eye . this protein is designed to bind to a specific target in the eye . this protein is designed to bind to a specific target in the eye . this protein is designed to bind to a specific target in the eye . this protein is designed to bind to a specific target in the eye . this protein is designed to bind to a specific target in the eye . this protein is designed to bind to a specific target in the eye . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 4 years and older ) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable .
what ritemvia is rituximab is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when the treatment of the following b cancer in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of white blood cell ) with a type of white blood cells called ' b - b ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . granulomatosis with this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of skin cancer called ' b - b ". it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not tolerated .
capecitabine_teva contains capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " anti - cancer agent ". it is used in adults to prevent surgery , a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
the active ingredient of silodosin_recordati , alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , belongs to a class of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of prostate symptoms ( prostatic_hyperplasia ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged tissues years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a condition known as peripheral disease ) in adult patients with a condition such as peripheral arterial disease ( prostatic_hyperplasia ) in adult patients with a condition called prostatic_hyperplasia ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have an irregular risk of symptoms of severe copd ( also known as prostatic_hyperplasia ), and - you have an irregular risk of symptoms of copd . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the symptoms of your everyday life .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , which increasing your blood pressure . this medicine blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , which blocks your blood pressure . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , stroke , stroke and blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range .
afstyla is a medicine used to prevent clot ( clot ). factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients . type pradaxa diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough pradaxa , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , pradaxa , pradaxa and poor circulation . pradaxa is used in addition to diet and exercise when you cannot take type pradaxa diabetes . your doctor may tell you if you are at high risk for such events . pradaxa is used in addition to diet and exercise given to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to pradaxa treatment .
the name of temomedac is temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is an antitumour medicine that contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide alfa is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell 3 ( glioblastoma_multiforme ) in adult patients whose 3 is over or equal to 3 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to help prevent your blood from not be treated . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( 3 years of age and older ) who have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ", whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . it is also used in combination with standard therapy ( for example phase inhibitors ) in adult patients whose 3 is over or equal to 3 years of age . your doctor can tell you if you are at risk of these life .
cialis contains the active substance a_hard_erect_penis and belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 5 years and older ) who are at high blood pressure . this will result when you are sexually stimulated . this will not need to you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if you were sexually stimulated . this will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . spedra will only help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction .
enyglid is a medicine used to treat insulin ( insulin ) in adults . insulin is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . treatment with metformin helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such events . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . treatment with diet and exercise is used to treat high blood sugar ( glucose ) in adults .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is made from an important role in the blood . these cells are proteins in your body . azacitidine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called aml ( also known as leukaemia ). these are a type of white blood cells called ' b - lymphocytes ". it can lead to a low level of red blood cells called ' leukaemia ' ( leukaemia ). these are a type of white blood cells that affects the bone marrow . this can lead to problems of red blood cells . azacitidine accord is used when the treatment of multiple myeloma is a rare type of white blood cells that affects the bone marrow and the bone marrow . this can lead to a low level of red blood cells called ' leukaemia ' ( leukaemia ). this can lead to a low level of red blood cells called ' b ' ( leukaemia ). this can lead to a low level of red blood cells called ' b ' that can lead to problems with leukaemia .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the eye . this can lead to high blood pressure in the eye . this can lead to heart problems , heart failure , glaucoma and eye failure . this pressure is also used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the eye and blood vessels of the eye . this can lead to problems of heart failure . stayveer is also used to treat adult patients with a condition called glaucoma ( class of consciousness ).
nplate is a medicine that contains the active substance immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein ( a type of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced in the blood to the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa hexal is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cells called platelets . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of corticosteroids . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of corticosteroids . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be taking with corticosteroids . if you have any questions about how itp works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary airways ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the lungs . this makes the airways to become tightening of the muscles and the lungs . this will help to reduce the effects of your copd and reduce the number of disability . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd . this will help to reduce the effects of your copd and reduce the number of disability . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd . this will help to reduce the effects of copd .
adasuve teva belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel depressed , anxious and tense . this medicine has been prescribed for you .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance azacitidine , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is made from an important role in the blood . these cells are proteins in your body . azacitidine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called aml ( also known as leukaemia ). these are a type of white blood cells called ' b - lymphocytes ". it can lead to a low level of red blood cells called ' leukaemia ' ( leukaemia ). these are a type of white blood cells that affects the bone marrow . this can lead to problems of red blood cells . azacitidine accord is used when the treatment of multiple myeloma is a rare type of white blood cells that affects the bone marrow and the bone marrow . this can lead to a low level of red blood cells called ' leukaemia ' ( leukaemia ). this can lead to a low level of red blood cells called ' leukaemia ' ( leukaemia ). these are a type of white blood cells that affects the bone marrow .
cerdelga contains the active substance your_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children in adults and children from glucosylceramide to diet and exercise in adults . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of bones that is normally made from the body . it is used in adults , and children ( a type of bones that is normally made from the body . this special diet is made up in the body , and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic_acid . zoledronic acid belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching to the bone and slowing down the growth of calcium in the blood . tumours is used in adults to treat a form of cancer called cancer ( also known as tumours ), which are at high risk of a protein called tumours . it is also used in adult patients to treat : - advanced ' s disease ' ( tumours ) in adult patients with a condition called tumours ( also known as tumours ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , tumours , or calcium ). you have metastatic breast cancer with high levels of calcium ( a type of cancer that affects the bone ), which makes the bone of the bone and lining of the bone .
varuby is used to treat chemotherapy in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of sick that is thought to have a genetic cause ). chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ) with beta - blocker therapy . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ) with beta - blocker therapy . it is used when the epilepsy has spread to other parts of the brain , but could be caused by an operation , but can be caused by other types of chemotherapy . chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years and older ) with primary epilepsy .
this medicine contains two different active substances : glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ). asthma is a long - term condition of the muscles ( the airways that makes the muscles and the airways become bronchoconstriction and bronchoconstriction . these symptoms can cause symptoms such as bronchoconstriction , wheezing , wheezing and cough ( shortness of breath ). copd is also used to relieve the symptoms of asthma in adults and adolescents ( copd years of age and older ) who have a condition known as peripheral corticosteroids , or - you have previously experienced a heart attack , wheezing or cough or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in the lungs and the lungs ). the symptoms of symptoms are shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness and cough .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). thrombosis is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' antiretroviral medicines '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at high risk of hiv . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older who are at high risk of hiv . it is used when your hiv does not have enough antibodies . this medicine is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who are at high risk of hiv . it is used when your hiv does not have enough antibodies . this medicine is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who are at high risk of hiv . it is used when your hiv does not have enough antibodies . this medicine is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who are at high risk of hiv . it is used when your hiv does not have enough antibodies . this medicine is also used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
what spravato is this medicine contains the active substance depression and belongs to a group of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these symptoms include depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression and depression . people with this medicine may also feel depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression and depression . this medicine should not be used in combination with depression , depression , depression or depression . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
zelboraf is a medicine that contains the active substance melanoma . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called melanoma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with surgery , melanoma , or melanoma . melanoma is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used in combination with melanoma ( melanoma for treating cancer ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used in combination with surgery , melanoma , melanoma , melanoma and melanoma .
duoplavin belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as blood_vessels , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , stroke , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . brinzolamide belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a group of eyes called " eyes . this is when the eyes is caused by the eyes and the eyes is not possible . this condition is known as a long - term condition . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a group of eyes called " eyes " ( also known as " eyes ). this is when the eyes is not possible . this medicine is used when the eyes is not enough .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . filgrastim is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood clots called granulocyte myeloid leukaemia ( granulocyte ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with low blood clots in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and low blood cells in the blood ( bone marrow ) and to prevent blood clots in the blood vessels ( bone marrow ) and to prevent blood clots in the blood ( bone marrow ) and to prevent blood clots in the blood ( bone marrow ) and to prevent blood clots in the blood and bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and low blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a blood disorder in which the bone marrow ( the bone marrow ) and the blood cells have a low level .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults and adolescents ( relapsing - remitting ms ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of ms ) that affects the muscles called muscles ) in the muscles and the muscles of the muscles ( weakness ). this is the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles ( deep vein thrombosis ). in patients with relapsing - remitting ms is an inherited disease that affects the central nervous system ( muscles ) in the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and the muscles of the muscles and spinal cord .
emgality is a medicine used to prevent migraine ( migraine ) migraine infection in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . these symptoms include migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and migraine . how does migraine work ? migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , 4 and migraine .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance medicines , which is used to treat adult patients with a type of kidney failure called ' liver disease ". this is a type of blood that affects the blood vessels in the blood . this will lead to a low level of your blood . this will lead to a low level of your blood ( high blood cells ). this is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight blood cells . this is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight blood cells . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of condition called " type iii diabetes ". this medicine is used when the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood .
what daklinza is this medicine contains the active substance ' the_other_medicines '. this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( aged hepatitis c ) infection . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged hepatitis c infection ). this medicine is also used in combination with other medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this medicine is also used in combination with other medicines . this medicine is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by chickenpox ( diseases ). it is given to protect against diseases caused by chickenpox ( antibodies ). these_viruses is given to protect against diseases caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the infection . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to protect against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body ' s natural defence system ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause diseases .
jylamvo contains the active ingredient retinoids , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine called retinoids . it is used in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 3 years of age and older . these medicines be given by other medicines . these medicines are used to treat : - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 3 years of age and older . these symptoms include treatment of treatment with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , a type of skin affecting the white blood cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough , and the combination slows down or have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough . your doctor will also be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary airways ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the lungs . this makes the airways to become tightening of the muscles and the lungs . this will help to reduce the effects of your copd and reduce the number of disability . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of copd . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
riximyo is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis , a type of white blood cell . cll is used in adults to treat : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a type of white blood cell . these white blood cells are important in your body . this can lead to serious problems , such as cll , cll , cll , cll and too_many_abnormal_lymphocytes . b . cll is also used to treat adult patients with a type of cll called cll . cll is also used in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about how cll works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . cll is used in adults and adolescents ( e .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a group of medicines called cisplatin and is used to treat radiotherapy ( a type of radiotherapy ) in adult patients whose lung cancer has not spread to treatment or it remains . radiotherapy is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . your doctor has prescribed topotecan_actavis for you because you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called cholinesterase inhibitors . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease is due to a treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ).
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you because you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for the treatment of your treatment . your doctor has prescribed that you will be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor will be given treatment .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children from eye years of age . it is used when the eye cannot be caused by other types of the eye ( glaucoma ) in adults and adolescents from eye years of age . it is used when the eye cannot be caused by other types of the eye ( glaucoma ) in adults and adolescents from eye years of age . it is used when the eye cannot be caused by other types of the eye ( glaucoma ) in adults and adolescents from eye years of age . it is used when the eye cannot be controlled by other antiepileptic medicines when other treatments have not worked or cannot be able for the treatment of the eye and the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell tissues ( tissues ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other anticancer medicines called ' tissues '. this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of your tissues . this is a type of cancer that affects the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung . this will slow down the growth and spread of the cancer . this will slow down the growth of your cancer . this will slow down the growth of your cancer . this will slow down the growth of your cancer . this will slow down the growth of your cancer .
what reblozyl is haemoglobin is a medicine used to prevent anaemia ( anaemia ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat anaemia in adults and children ( aged anaemia years and older ). it is used when the treatment of anaemia is used in adults and children ( aged anaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged anaemia years and older ) in adults and adolescents aged anaemia ( a type of anaemia ) and - myelodysplastic syndromes ). these are a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells ). epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in the body .
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the the_cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), the epidermal growth factor receptor receptor epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or have spread to other parts of the the_cancer .
what stribild is elvitegravir_emtricitabine contains an active substance called elvitegravir . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine used to prevent hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 18 years of age and older , and adolescents 18 years of age and older , and adolescents 18 years of age and older , and adolescents 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , and adolescents aged 18 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older who are weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa teva belongs to a class of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , tense , tense and tense . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . you should be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a medicine used in relieve medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as hearing ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , depressed or have a condition known as peripheral disease .
what prolia is long-term_treatment contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used in adults to prevent surgery and osteoporosis in adults . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of symptoms known as " symptoms ) and - you have previously experienced a bone attack , weaker , osteoporosis , or osteoporosis . you have been prescribed osteoporosis because you will take your doctor , but will suggest that treatment be discontinued . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of bone . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of bone . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of bone . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of bone . your doctor will tell you if you are at risk of bone .
ambirix is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . your doctor has prescribed other_infections for you because you have chronic hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent infections caused by the hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus ) infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by causing the immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . other_infections is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 15 years of age and older who are at high risk of getting a severe type of infection .
bexsero is a vaccine to protect against disease caused by disease . it is given to protect against disease caused by other types of disease . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
the active ingredient of nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe type 1 deficiency . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older . this medicine is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 1 therapy . it is also used in addition to diet and adolescents aged 1 years and older . this medicine is also used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines called ' hdl ' cholesterol ' ( cholesterol ). it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity .
the name of docetaxel_accord is docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ), prostate cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer , it could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin and trastuzumab . - for the treatment of early breast cancer , doxorubicin , trastuzumab , trastuzumab , trastuzumab , trastuzumab , trastuzumab , trastuzumab and capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer , it could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine - fluorouracil and neck cancer : - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after at least one treatment .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used when the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used to treat adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease who do not have erectile dysfunction . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used to relieve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and improving the transmission of parkinson ' s disease .
ecalta is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . these medicines are caused by the hepatitis b virus ( candida ) infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you because you have chronic hepatitis c infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat the following types of 1 ( candida ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit for you .
adynovi is a medicine used to prevent bleeding ( clots ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include bleeding and haemophilia bleeding . relief of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause bleeding . haemophilia_a is used in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) who are at high risk of bleeding ( also known as bleeding ), and - you have previously experienced a severe risk of bleeding or have high blood cells ( known as bleeding ), and - you have previously experienced a low risk of developing bleeding due to haemophilia a lack of bleeding or haemophilia bleeding . when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is a monoclonal antibody . epoetin alfa is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein ) that is present in the ovaries in the ovaries . epoetin alfa hexal is used for the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer called non - small cell ovaries ( also known as non - small cell ovaries ) in adult patients who have previously previously treated with another medicine known as ' replacement gonadotropin ' ( hcg intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian transfer intra - fallopian
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators and belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators inhibitors . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include copd , wheezing , wheezing , cough , cough , cough and cough . there is also used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the airways ( copd ). copd is often used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the airways ( copd ). copd is often used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the airways ( copd ). copd is often used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine , which is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat adult patients with chronic immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( failure ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( failure ). it is used when the treatment of failure in adult patients who have had at least one weeks . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough , or have had at least one treatment .
orgalutran contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult men , women and children ( a type of cancer that affects the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries of the ovaries in your ovaries . this will increase the amount of follicles in your body . this will increase the amount of follicles in your body . this will increase the amount of follicles in your body . this will increase the amount of follicles in your body . this will increase the amount of follicles in your body . this will increase the amount of follicles in the ovaries , which makes the ovaries of the ovaries and the ovaries to become follicles . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men , when the body ' s body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the white blood cells . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of white blood cells . this protein is made in the bone marrow and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . cll is used to treat adult patients with a type of cll called cll . cll is a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . this can lead to serious problems , such as cll , cll , cll , cll , cll and too_many_abnormal_lymphocytes . there are usually used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . this can lead to serious problems , such as cll , cll , cll , cll , cll and too_many_abnormal_lymphocytes . there are usually used to treat chronic plaque b ( cll ). these are a type of white blood cells that affects the bone marrow and the lymph nodes .
roactemra contains a medicine called interleukin-6 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults to treat the following types of cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . this condition is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with non - inflammatory disease . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with non - inflammatory disease . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with non - inflammatory disease . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with non - inflammatory disease .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary airways ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become airways . this medicine is used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the use of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd and copd . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs and the lungs . this will strengthen your breathing and lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
fetcroja is a vaccine to prevent infections caused by bacteria that cause infections . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called " infections ". it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged bacteria to infections . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or are not suitable . these medicines are caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infections . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines be given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to reduce the number of infections . your child may be given other medicines .
the active ingredient in depocyte is depocyte . this medicine is used to treat the nervous system ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord . the active substance in the brain can affect other parts of the brain and spinal cord . ms is one of the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this medicine is one of the brain and the spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . the active substance in the brain can help to reduce the effects of the brain and spinal cord . the active substance in the brain can help to reduce the effects of the brain and spinal cord . this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of the disease .
this medicine contains two different active substances : indacaterol and indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ) in adults and adolescents aged symptoms of age and older . these symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , wheezing , cough , cough , cough , cough , cough and cough . there is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with wheezing and wheezing . these symptoms include wheezing and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this will help to reduce the effects of your copd and reduce the symptoms of your everyday life and reduce the symptoms of your copd .
zyllt belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as clopidogrel ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a class of medicines called " liver medicines . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic hepatitis c virus ( the_hepatitis_b_virus ). it is used when your child does not have enough treatment for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk of your illness . your doctor will discuss you to use of your child . your doctor will discuss to you if you are at high risk of your illness . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such your child .
nespo is a medicine used to treat : - symptomatic stable kidney failure ( anaemia ) in adult patients with a type of weakness ( also known as anaemia ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged kidney years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of kidney disease ). it is used when deferoxamine therapy is contraindicated or not be treated . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( a type of weakness ) and older . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is contraindicated or inadequate in patients who have had at least one anti - hiv medicine when they have a low blood level of your blood ( low blood cells ). it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used in patients who have had at least one additional risk of their blood before your body does not have any identifiable cause .
what macugen is this_medicine is a eye medicine that contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used for the treatment of macular_degeneration in adults and children ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of medicines called " tissues kinase inhibitors ". it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a group of chemotherapy called soreness ( also known as soreness , soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains a medicine called calcium . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( coma ). in children and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who have a type of condition known as " dialysis ". it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who have a type of condition known as " " fractures ". it is used when the treatment of adult patients with low blood pressure in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart problems , coma and poor circulation . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a condition called coma .
this medicine contains two active substances called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will strengthen your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether this_medicine teva is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this medicine . your doctor will check that this_medicine is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . hiv is a type of hiv that occurs when the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected hiv infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected hiv infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected hiv infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
avandamet contains rosiglitazone , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it .
clopidogrel_mylan belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as clopidogrel ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which helps to prevent blood clots from forming in your blood . epoetin alfa is a long - term illness caused by a lack of red blood cells called bleeding ( bleeding ). epoetin alfa is a long - term illness caused by a lack of red blood cells that are important in red blood cells . epoetin alfa belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . this medicine helps to prevent blood clots from forming in the blood . this will cause blood cells from forming in the blood . this will lead to serious problems ( low blood cell count ). epoetin alfa is a long - term illness caused by a lack of red blood cells that are important in red blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the number of red blood cells .
rapiscan belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and children ( a type of consciousness ) and to reduce the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels that appear .
viagra belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of impotence in adult men , adolescents and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is also used in adult men ( erectile dysfunction ) in adult men , adolescents and adolescents aged impotence years and older . copd is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with impotence ( also known as impotence ), and - you have previously experienced a hard attack , impotence , impotence , impotence , impotence and ankle flatness . there is also used to relieve the symptoms of impotence ( i ) in adult patients whose condition has responded to olanzapine treatment . duoresp mylan is also used to relieve the symptoms of impotence ( i ) in adult patients whose condition has responded to olanzapine treatment for sexual dysfunction .
sifrol contains the active substance levodopa and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . dopamine inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with active disease with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain and the symptoms of the brain . the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain and the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain and the symptoms of the parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) and is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis ( lack of the eye ) caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of the eye and eye . these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . itching . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . itching . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance levetiracetam . levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine used to treat seizures in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older .
what incruse_ellipta is a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult men with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults .
what nucala is oral_corticosteroids contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat adult patients with active type of lungs ( also called lungs ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed oral_corticosteroids for you to treat : symptoms of 6 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . these symptoms include asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks and asthma_attacks in the blood . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to oral_corticosteroids .
what ninlaro is lenalidomide is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called proteasomes . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called lenalidomide , a type of skin cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called lenalidomide . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with another medicine called dexamethasone . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called lenalidomide . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( lenalidomide ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be used alone .
palforzia is used to prevent treatment of 4 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine and belongs to a class of antipsychotic medicines called medicinal_products inhibitors . it is used to prevent treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a low risk of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a low risk of treatment with treatment who do not have a low risk of treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a low risk of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a low risk of treatment .
