incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . peginterferon_alfa belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines , which are used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it is also used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents and children who are not previously treated previously treated with chronic hepatitis c , but whose condition has recurred . there is no safety or efficacy information on the use of ribavirin with peginterferon or other forms of interferon ( i . e ., not alfa - 2b ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - with this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
zinbryta can be used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( demyelination ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation around the brain and spinal cord ). in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms .
wilzin contains the active substance miglustat hydrochloride . it belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin kinase inhibitors " ( nk1 ) receptor antagonists ". the brain is a chemical in the brain which collects in small areas of the brain . it is used in adult patients to treat the eyes ( urge incontinence ) in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing difficulties to help diagnose your liver from the liver ( the intestine ) in adults . it can be used in people who have breathing difficulties to help diagnose the intestine ( the body ' s defences ) of the intestine ( the intestine ) in people with diabetic failure . it does not cure the liver to the liver , intestine , eyes , eyes , or partial blindness . this may damage the intestine to the liver and eyes .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection . infection in the same way : - nucleoside reverse transcriptase syndrome ( hiv - 1 ) infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your immune . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infection infection by reducing the amount of the virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 1 infection . odefsey is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age and older , and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed efavirenz for you because you are at high risk for your hiv . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , especially in heart disease , and other disease . repaglinide krka is also used to treat a certain type of insulin called " type 2 diabetes ". if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix ( influenza ) is a vaccine used to prevent influenza ( flu ). it is given to children from 18 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any further vaccine , the flu vaccine may not protect the vaccine . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any further vaccine , the flu vaccine may not protect the vaccine . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours of the parathyroid system . it is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours of the body_areas ( group of the male reproductive reproductive ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with a anti - cancer medicines called radiation . the use of tumours does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of the medicine that is to be radiolabelled with lumark . it is very important that you also read the package leaflet that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk due to radiation .
afinitor medac contains the active substance everolimus , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor receptor ), which is involved in the growth and development of cancer cells . by attaching to her2 - positive , everolimus blocks its growth and spread of the cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of cancer cells . this may slow down the growth of the cancer cells . it may also be used for the treatment of advanced cancer of the large bowel ( cancer ) in adults with advanced cancer of the ovary ( advanced ' s cell carcinoma ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer is a cancer of the tissue ( the lining of the stomach ). it is given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , called platinum therapy . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
tremfya contains skin medicine , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of skin medicine that attaches to a specific target in the skin . the target of the medicine is called il - 1 ( il - 1 ) ) which is present at increased levels in the body such as burning , itching , itching , pain , joints , joints and pain . by blocking these active substances , olumiant blocks the activity of il - 1 beta , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , itching , itching , scaling , scaling and swelling . this medicine can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe pain in adults . your doctor may prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you in addition to your current treatment .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph which belongs to a group of medicines called hormone kinase inhibitors . it is used to treat symptoms of high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . ' primary ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can lead blood vessels in several organs , which makes too much of blood pressure . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead to serious heart problems , kidney disease , tiredness , and poor circulation . how does corlentor work ? the angiotensin ii results to a class of substances called " thiazide diuretics ". if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . infliximab is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to specific receptors in your body called ' bcl - dependent 2 '. this protein is needed for the blood to form 2 and stop operation . what brilique is used for your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and children aged 2 years and older . ' primary ' means that the hyperparathyroidism is not caused by another condition , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', which can lead to an increased risk of heart disease . what possia is used for your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adults and children aged 2 years and older . ' primary ' means that the hyperparathyroidism is not caused by another condition , a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ', which can lead to an increased risk of heart disease .
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine . prilocaine is a member of a class of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms of head and neck . it is also used in adult men who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called ejaculation . it is also used in adult men who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called ejaculation . it is also used in adult men who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( ejaculation ). in adult men , it is used : together with a medicine called prilocaine . e . g . in adults it is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition where the symptoms of the copd are not improved .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor white_blood_cell ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when skin_cancer binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe nivolumab for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : you have early breast cancer , it can be given either alone or in combination with other medicines . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines is best for you . if you have any questions about these medicines , you will be given zessly to treat your doctor .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , liver , kidney , heart ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is an anti - diabetic medicine that contains the body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . rejection is used to treat rejection in adults . your doctor will prescribe rejection for the treatment of : a ) non - blocker with other antiepileptic medicines . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine . rejection can be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . your doctor will decide with you whether topotecan hospira therapy is better . you can also be given other medicines to treat your disease , reduce the number of kidney acid ( non as rejection ) in adults .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is another_medicine is a medicine that contains the active substance another_medicine , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein ) that attaches to a specific target in the body . the medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals ' ( another medicine that is used to treat adult patients with another type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that may be combined with another medicine called ' antiretrovirals '. together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in adult patients with a certain type of white blood cell . the medicine can be used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm ) in adult patients with a certain type of white blood cell called ' b - fallopian '. if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . your doctor will decide with you which combination of these medicines is best for you .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . what immunogam is used for vaccination is used to treat adults with severe hepatitis b , an infection with hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents and children aged vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the hepatitis b virus causes the virus , which causes the infection . vaccination , the virus causes the immune system and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the virus in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , vaccination may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it causes the immune system to produce immunity ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause hepatitis b infection in the future . infection with the best leaflet of the hepatitis b virus causes the world infection . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to treat severe plaque psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to treat severe plaque psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given zessly to : reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine_in_the_brain in the brain . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in movement control . levodopa helps to increase and sustain levels of dopamine in the brain . levodopa may be used together with a medicine called levodopa . because of these medicines , levodopa can help to control the symptoms of copd on your parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used together with levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). - in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease or together with parkinson ' s disease , it helps the brain and other parts of the brain .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation that have not improved during treatment with inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the throat in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called nsaids ( for example , when they have had to be stopped during their blood to the inflammation , and - to other parts of the inflammation are inflammation . - in adult patients with multiple myeloma who have had at least one treatment for their blood before inflammation . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . opioids act by act to act by slowing down the pain of male male hormone ( opioids ). opioids act together to act by helping the strength of the female nervous system ( opioids ). what opioids is used for opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer that is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have been exposed to a lot of a medicine called tumour - resistant receptor hormone ( hcg ) which is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer called prostate acid .
erleada is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body called testosterone . in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread locally other parts of the body . in adult men , men are too many hormone in the body called " natural hormone " which breaks down the hormone found in the body . in adult men , bemfola is used : to treat adult men with a type of body called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body which is caused by a special type of body , a type of white blood cell .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains a active substance called scan which is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate_cancer ). it is given when the cancer has responded to other parts of the body such as the brain , and other organs ( known as a type of white blood cancer ) in adult patients who have not previously been treated with another anticancer medicine ( radiation ) and who have not previously been treated with another anticancer medicine ( radiation ) and other medicines have not worked . your doctor will tell you for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma it is also used in adults who have not been treated with other anticancer medicines ( radiation . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists '. tracleer is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to high pressure in the eye . if the blood pressure is blocked , it can lead to high blood pressure in the eye , and other organs , leading to a decrease of vision and damage . if the blood pressure to a high level reduces the risk of developing these disorders . brinzolamide hct is used to treat high blood pressure in the eye vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of the eye . this pressure can lead to increased bones in organs , causing the flow of the eye . brinzolamide will only work when you are at high blood pressure .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". it is used to treat diabetes . it is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) that overweight when their blood sugar cannot be adequately controlled by your overweight . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and 18 circulation in your limbs . that is why it is important to keep your blood sugar levels within a normal range .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used in adults and children ( aged 30 years and above ) with a bone marrow system . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the back ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult patients with a type of cancer called multiple myeloma . chemotherapy is also used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults and children from 30 to 30 years old with cancer of the bone marrow . these are types of cancer in the bone marrow ( bone lesions ) in the back of the back ( the back between the back and the back of the back ) in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant at least one previous therapy and who have not been previously treated with another anticancer medicine .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines known as skin medicines . skin is a chemical that occurs in the skin and works by widening the blood vessels around the skin , making blood vessels in the skin and so reduce the amount of fibres that skin into the skin and the skin . if you have been given skin medicine to a group of medicines called skin medicine , which can reduce the amount of blood into the skin and the skin vessels in the skin and the vessels of the skin . this can cause the blood vessels inside the skin , making skin damage to the presence of the skin and face . if the blood pressure is damaged , the result can be eliminated from the face . if the high blood pressure is not treated , it can damage the skin and the face .
mvasi contains the active substance gemcitabine , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). chemotherapy_treatment binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented , which can be present in the development of the blood vessels , which can be present in the growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). adcetris is used in combination with gemcitabine , another anti - cancer medicine , for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . it will be given to you together with a chemotherapy regimen containing platinum . equidacent is also used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when paclitaxel or when other anti - cancer medicines , the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
tecartus can be used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . multiple myeloma is a cancer of plasma cells ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a protein that carries a type of white blood cell , called the plasma cell . these cells collect in the bone marrow and divide out of control . this can damage the blood supply to the body and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called a plasma cell . these cells collect in the bone marrow and divide out of control . this can damage the blood supply to the body and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs . this is a cancer of a type of white blood cell called plasma cells . these cells collect in the bone marrow and divide out of control . this can damage the blood supply to the body and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation .
xultophy contains the active substance duloxetine . it is an injectable medicine used to improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 diabetes . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important to keep following advice about diet and exercise given by your doctor or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance your_first_treatment . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called " non - small cell lung cancer " ( her2 ). this medicine works by slowing down the growth of cancer cells . this medicine can be prescribed to you together with a medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm that are not ovulating ) with a medicine called " human epidermal growth factor receptor " ( egfr ) which is involved in the development of some cancer cells . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . giotrif is used in adults with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are cancer_cells due to a low level of certain hormones .
orkambi is a medicine that contains the active substance ivacaftor . ivacaftor is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( cf ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . in people with cystic fibrosis , cf is an inherited condition in which the lungs and the digestive system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages the inflammation and the spinal cord . ivacaftor is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . in people with cystic fibrosis , ivacaftor is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( cf ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . in people with cystic fibrosis ( cystic fibrosis ) results in patients aged 6 years and older with cystic fibrosis ( cf ) who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection .
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor ovarian_cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast and gastric cancer when : ∑ you have early breast cancer , your cancer has have a change ( mutation ) in a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a medicine which helps to lower the levels of a natural airways called overdose . fentanyl is used to treat adult patients with a type of 14 called ' long - dependent 14 ' or ' non - dependent 14 diabetes ' in adults , adolescents and children from 14 years of age . your doctor will prescribe this medicine if your child does not make enough inhaler . how methadone works methadone belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin - 1 ( il - 1 ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of an enzyme in the body called overdose . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the nervous system . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your condition and reduce the number of flare - ups of your copd .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone " ( fsh ). fsh is a gonadotropin , a type of protein that plays an important role in human fertility and reproduction . by interfering with reproduction , fsh is needed for the growth and development of the follicles . what bemfola is used for this medicine is used in adults who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to help you get treatment or in adult men . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use of this medicine , also called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when the_fungus sticks to the surface of this process , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the lungs can cause fungal infections , such as candida_sp._infections , non-neutropenic , kidneys , hepatitis b and fusarium tiredness . b - fungal infections is a serious form of fungal white blood cell . people who have had b , a type of fungal infection known as ' invasive aspergillosis ', which are many groups of the bone marrow ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of disability .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) caused by a ( h1n1 ) drugs . it is given to people aged 1 year and older who have already been treated with other medicines to treat infected contact with other types of filovirus . it is caused by a different type of filovirus , a type of white blood cell , called the liver and other parts of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). when a person is given the infected , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the virus causes the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . iasibon is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . ibandronic acid works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . that is also used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe post ' s disease , a condition that causes the ebola in your spine .
zeposia belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . disappear can be used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients who have had an inadequate response to other treatments called lymphocytes and have not worked well enough . ms is a disease in which the body ' s immune system is thought to play an important part in the brain which causes inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and
the active substance of temybric_ellipta , vilanterol , belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to control the airways and relieve it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in this airways , the airways tighten can become breathing difficult . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . this belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple sclerosis . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the skin ( the body ' s immune system ). in patients with multiple sclerosis , the active substance ( myelin ) is a long - term condition that affects the skin nerve cells and the skin and the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the lining of the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the lining of the skin and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the lining of the skin and spinal cord .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , aching , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take tiredness in addition to your current treatment . fatigue is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : fatigue is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( fatigue ). the symptoms of tiredness are prolonged excessive anxiety and secondary_generalisation) that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adult patients . levodopa is used : together with other medicines : levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , it is used : together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). with parkinson ' s disease , it is used : together with another medicine called levodopa and dopamine ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease or levodopa together with parkinson ' s disease , it helps to reduce the effects of the parkinson ' s disease and improve the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is used in adult patients to treat parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". what disease is used for disease is used to treat adults with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . it is used when the long - term treatment of multiple myeloma ( testosterone ) in adult patients who have had a body had not have enough antibodies and are not resistant to other parts of the body including adult patients who have been previously treated with a medicine called prednisone and prednisolone . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - for the treatment of multiple myeloma , prednisone is administered in combination with prednisone or prednisolone . - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has not been treated .
hefiya medac contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor ( tnfα ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some inflammatory eye cells . adalimumab binds to a protein called alpha - 17a receptor ( il - 1 ), which is found on the surface of some inflammatory diseases . adalimumab binds to a protein called alpha - 17a receptor ( il - 1 ) receptor ( il - 1 ), which is found on the surface of some inflammatory diseases . adalimumab binds to a specific protein ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha , which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnfα , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation caused by the formation of the disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe chemotherapy for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have active questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is used for the treatment of your doctor , your doctor may prescribe other medicines in addition to chemotherapy . in patients with advanced ' s disease , reduces the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between the skin and the immune system to attack the progression of the disease .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine accord is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , gastric , or breast cancers . capecitabine accord is also used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine , as first treatment for metastatic breast cancer or it may be prescribed either alone or in combination with capecitabine , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without removal of the cancer . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines .
what silodosin_recordati is your_symptoms contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of substances called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat prostate conditions in the bladder ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water in the tissues of the tissues of the bladder , a more frequent need to pass water , even at night . what symptoms include this condition may improve the symptoms of your symptoms and stop your symptoms from remain . what silodyx is used for silodyx is used in adult men to treat the symptoms of the symptoms associated with benign enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to pass water , a feeling frequent symptoms of the bladder ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to pass water , even at night .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . pritor is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attacks , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . cardiovascular_events is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is a protein form of factor found in the blood . this helps to stop blood clots from forming . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate replaces this faulty or missing factor viii and helps blood to form haemophilia the site of clot .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which is an injectable agent . pradaxa is used to treat and prevent high blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adult patients to treat a blood disorder called pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . pradaxa is also used when a patient is not enough . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . pradaxa is used in adults and children pradaxa than pradaxa to prevent blood clots . pradaxa is used when your blood sugar cannot be adequately controlled by diet , exercise and exercise alone . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other anti - inflammatory disease . it is also used in combination with pradaxa .
this medicine contains an active substance called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . temozolomide hexal is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . this medicine is used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which is a member of a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil mylan will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancreas does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . treatment with diet and exercise , this medicine helps lower the blood sugar level . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent complications from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and exercise plan as well as it . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
azacitidine_mylan can be used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat : higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord helps to reduce the number of white blood cells called b - lymphocytes . in this way , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own nerves , thereby stopping the cancer growing . it also slows down the production of the disease and to increase the progression of the disease and to increase the risk of disability .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol analogues ". timolol is used to treat high pressure in the eye in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age . tracleer can be used in adults to treat high pressure in the eye ( eye lesions ) in adults . high pressure is the eye glands in which the eye produces too much of the eye , causing the eye , causing the eye , leading to vision swelling and swelling vessels in the eye , eye , eye , and vision , leading to vision pressure in the eye . vision is a disease of the eye . this eye damage to the eye . this eye pressure is caused by the formation of new disease . tracleer is used to improve pressure in the eye ( eye lesions ).
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein produced by your own body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body and binds to a specific target in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body and binds to a specific target in the body . platelets binds to a target process in your body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body and binds to a specific protein in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body and binds to a specific target in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body and binds to a specific target in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body and binds to a specific target in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body and binds to a specific target in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body and binds to a specific target in the body . platelets are very similar to a natural protein produced by your body and binds to a specific target in the body . platelets belongs to a group of substances called corticosteroids and is very similar to a natural protein ( platelets ). epoetin theta is a protein produced by platelets . it works in exactly the same way as platelets . platelets is produced in the same way as immunoglobulins . it is used in adult patients to treat a condition called immunoglobulins . it is used in combination with corticosteroids , which binds in the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . platelets can be used in adults and children ( aged 1 to less than previously treated with itp who have not worked dependent and are not suitable for them . itp is a condition in which the bone marrow produces too many red blood cells . the most formed in platelets is white blood cells , which are too high ( a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . these cells are very common in the bone marrow and blood .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe primary pulmonary disease ( chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in adult the airways , the airways tighten can get breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with schizophrenia . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . aripiprazole mylan is used to treat and treat the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines . it is also used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . it is also used in combination with schizophrenia , another anti - term treatment . it is also used in combination with schizophrenia ( another medicine that is used to treat these symptoms .
azacitidine_betapharm can be used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord is used in adults to treat : higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell counts . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord works by preventing cancer cells from growing . azacitidine becomes incorporated into the body ' s natural defences , and stopping the cancer cells from growing . azacitidine accord can also be used to treat patients with acute myeloid leukaemia ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one other medicine and have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord helps to protect against attacks on the bone marrow and spinal cord .
cerdelga contains the active substance colestilan . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with mps vi . this medicine is used in adult men , in adult men , a condition that breaks the body . it is made from the body . this special diet is broken down in your bones . this special diet is broken down in your bones . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and the liver damage . this can damage the bones in the bones and the bones to function normally . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the bones to develop normally . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the bones to develop normally . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the bones to develop normally . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the bones to develop normally . in adults , it helps the body to grow and the bones to develop normally . in adults , it helps to maintain normal body shape and metabolism .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). e . fractures and in adult patients with calcium metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby is a brain medicine used to treat nausea ( vomiting ) in adults . vomiting is a disease that affects the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) in the brain and spinal cord ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and other organs of the brain . chemotherapy is one of the most common vomiting in infancy . chemotherapy is used to treat nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy of the brain ( secondary generalisation ) in adults . chemotherapy is a long - term condition that affects the brain and lining of the brain , caused by the brain ( nausea and vomiting ) of the brain and other organs of the brain . chemotherapy is one of the most common vomiting in infancy . it can cause sick and vomiting of the brain , leading to difficulties in swallowing and breathing ( skin lesions ).
what enerzair_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( corticosteroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can reduce the amount of asthma attacks in your muscles , and helps you to breathe more easily . these effects will help you to ease your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of the disease .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. they work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection by reducing the amount of the virus in your body . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection by reducing the amount of the virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
spravato contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " depression ". it is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( depression ) in adults . depression is a condition in which the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used for depression in children 2 years of age and older . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , a condition with symptoms such as depression , a disease with depression . depression may not be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety medicines : pregabalin mylan is used to treat chronic anxiety disorder ( depression ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin mylan for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition .
zelboraf contains the active substance , your_cancer , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat melanoma in adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer that has spread in the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one other therapy has not been treated and has not been treated with surgery or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called this_clumping ). clopidogrel bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as blood_clots , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines known as enzyme replacement agents . it is used to treat adults and adolescents ( from 18 years of age ) with high pressure ( hae ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age . cushing ' s syndrome ( when the eyes is not able to eliminate nitrogen ) in the eyes . it is one of the eyes , in which the eyes is less likely to the eyes and the eyes . in the eyes , the eyes is inside the eyes and the eyes . this can cause the eyes from working properly . this can cause eyes damage to the eyes , and may also improve breathing damage . this may cause eyes damage to the eyes , and may also improve breathing damage in the eyes .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a protein produced in the body which binds to a specific target in the body . filgrastim hexal stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of the human protein erythropoietin ( ee - rith - roe - eh - tin ) and acts in the same way . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells which carry haemoglobin ( a substance that transports oxygen ). epoetin alfa is a copy of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid more_blood_cells is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named lymphoblasts ) start growing out of control . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ).
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the growth of nerve cells . what amyotrophic_lateral_sclerosis is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a disease that causes the muscles in the muscles around the muscles between the muscles between the brain and spinal cord . in this disease , the plaque sheath is over up of the muscles between the brain and spinal cord . this can cause serious problems such as weakness and difficulty walking . the symptoms of ms vary from patient to patient but typically include the muscles between the muscles between the brain and other symptoms of the disease . the symptoms of ms vary from patient to patient but typically include the muscles between the muscles between the brain and other symptoms of the disease . in adults , it helps the body to produce its own cells and help you to feel less bothered by your disease .
emgality is a medicine used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine infection in adults and adolescents aged 4 years and older with migraine years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine is a medicine used to treat migraine in adults who have at least 4 years of age . migraine kg or more who have had at least one other medicine for migraine years . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years of age . migraine is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 years to many decades . it is often given to patients with migraine , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) with migraine kg . it is intended for use in children younger than 4 years of age .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the liver which causes blood vessels to narrow and belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin - ii is a substance produced in the liver which causes blood vessels to narrow , which causes blood vessels to narrow . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of blood clots known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( blood vessels ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - you have been given this medicine to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing blood clots .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is an infectious disease that affects the liver . the active substances in the medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , causing the infection to be permanently treated with the hepatitis c virus . this medicine is also used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatitis c virus ). the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins that the hepatitis c virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , causing the infection to be permanently eliminated from the body . the medicine may also be used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults . your doctor may prescribe this medicine for the treatment of this medicine , with other medicines .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases from the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . antibodies against the vaccine also to protect against diseases caused by the bacteria types of the immune system . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the vaccine in the vaccine can cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the flu .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which belongs to a group of anti - inflammatory medicines called retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given treatment for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden tightening of breathlessness . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of the copd .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe cll for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the lymph nodes . b lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in people who have already tried some other medicines which have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . mabthera is usually taken together with another medicine called chemotherapy . mabthera slows down the damage to your joints caused by rheumatoid arthritis and improves your ability to do normal daily activities . rheumatoid arthritis are an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance the_active_substance_topotecan , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cisplatin . radiotherapy kabi is taken in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as cisplatin for the treatment of advanced breast cancer in adult patients who have had had one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . - in combination with chemotherapy is used to treat a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer when surgery or when the cancer has spread to other parts of the lung or cannot be removed by surgery , and - you have an anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . your doctor will also be given other anti - cancer medicines , it will be given that you have breast cancer that has come back after at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine sandoz allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of substances called the_active_substance_cabozantinib kinase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s disease , certain cancer of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and make them to die and destroy off the blood supply that the cancer needs . what is memantine celgene used for memantine celgene is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ) and non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer cancer is a cancer of a type of white blood cell , called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer ). it is used in combination with other cancer medicines called sorafenib and sorafenib . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of advanced stage of lung cancer . pemetrexed teva is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol which belongs to a group of medicines called prostaglandin . it is used to treat adult patients with an eye condition called primary eye syndrome . it is used when the long - term treatment of the eye gland ( the eye glands in the eye . it is one of the eye ( the eye - sensitive layer in the eye ). it is one of the eye ( the eye - sensitive layer in the eye ); that lines the eye ); of the eye ( the eye - sensitive layer in the eye ). that is used for the treatment of the eye in adult men , it is used : on its own when the long - term treatment of the eye . it is one of the most hole in the eye . it is one of the eye .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . the target of protein is protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is involved in the growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this protein is known to slow down the growth and spread of tissues in the lymph nodes . this can slow down or stop the growth of the cancer . this can slow down or stop the growth of the cancer . it is used in adults for the treatment of your disease .
reblozyl is used to treat haemoglobin , a condition that causes anaemia in the body . it is given to adults , adolescents and children ( from thalassaemia years of age and older ). haemoglobin is a type of anaemia where the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body ' s own red blood cells . red blood cells are important in red blood cells . abseamed can be used to treat symptomatic anaemia caused by anaemia in the body . it is given to adults who have a bone marrow transplant that can reduce anaemia associated with blood transfusions and to reduce the number of red blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with a bone marrow disorder that causes a severe disruption in the creation of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndromes ). abseamed can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
fotivda is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . it is used in adults for the treatment of advanced kidney cancer ( advanced non - small cell lung cancer ), that has spread to other parts of the the_cancer or cannot be removed by other_treatments , and tried at least other previous treatments have not worked or have not worked . advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have metastatic cancer cancer , it will be given in combination with a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , another protein kinase medicine , for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , it will be given in combination with the chemotherapy medicine paclitaxel or a_protein_kinase_inhibitor for you .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection . it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor inhibitors . it is for use in children aged 12 to 18 years old before : weigh at least 35 kg ( also known as viral infections ). it does this by lowering the amount of hepatitis b virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection . what it is used for side_effects is used to treat adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . for children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children 12 years of age and older , adolescents 18 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . 5 kg or more who have already been treated with other hiv medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of a doctor .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to depressed , but it is not meant to bring immediate relief . it may be necessary to take the tablets for recurrence of these life . generalised anxiety disorder : zyprexa sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( hearing ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe zyprexa sandoz for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take zyprexa sandoz in addition to zyprexa treatment .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . it belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to prevent surgery and osteoporosis caused by surgery to prevent surgery , especially in the prostate , bone or bone . it is used : to prevent surgery and osteoporosis in women who have been treated with a bone attack and therefore can also be removed in men . paget ' s disease , osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep bones healthy . following the menopause symptoms of fosavance , denosumab makes the thinning and therefore makes it less likely to break . zoledronic bones usually occur in men and women because of the long term use of glucocorticoids , which can affect the strength of bones . many patients with osteoporosis have no symptoms but they are still at risk of breaking bones because osteoporosis has made their bones weaker . decreased circulating levels of sex hormones , mainly oestrogens converted from androgens , also play a role in the more gradual bone loss observed in men . osteoporosis is also used in combination with denosumab , although it can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result , symptoms occurs and bones become weaker .
ambirix is a vaccine used to treat infection with the human immunodeficiency virus ( infected - 1 ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above who weigh at least 15 kg . infected flu is a type of a_fever that happens at intervals that vary from less than a_fever . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about your child , your doctor may prescribe other antibacterials in addition to symptoms . your doctor may also recommend the best course of the best for the treatment .
bexsero can help to protect against disease caused by the bacteria given to protect against the disease caused by the bacteria type of the disease . disease can help to protect against disease caused by the bacteria type of the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to a decrease of vision and the liver . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to a decrease of vision and the vision . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the brain can lead to a decrease of vision and the liver .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of severe inflammatory disease ( hereditary_tyrosinemia ) in adults and children aged 1 year and older . this medicine is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) with moderate to severe disease . this medicine is used in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ) with moderate to severe disease . this medicine is used in adults and children ( 2 years of age and older ) who have not been treated and are not suitable for their treatment . in children 1 gaucher disease , a substance called amino acid ( amino acid ) is not able to eliminate substances in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content .
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , gastric cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , prostate_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , equidacent will be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , kabi is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
how intuniv works this medicine contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used in adult men that are not ovulating controlled by a medicine called ' chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
ecalta contains the active substance ecalta . this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of an enzyme called " candida ". this is found in the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . candida is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your child ' s immune system from attacking your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child ' s immune system from attacking your child " s diseases .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate replaces the missing factor viii and is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in patients with haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or does not work properly . factor viii is necessary for the treatment and prevention of bleeding in patients with haemophilia a and can be used for all age groups .
what rekovelle is lysakare contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your ovaries . what vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) is used for lysakare is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell ovaries ' ( also known as non - small cell ovaries ) to treat adult patients with non - small cell ovaries ( also known as non - small cell drugs ) in adult patients who are not previously treated with another anti - cancer medicine , also known as ' corticosteroids '. these medicines are also used to treat women with non - small cell ovaries ( procedures that may help you to become hcv ) such as ' in vitro fertilisation '. other medicines contain medicines (' lutetium therapy ( medicines that may help you to perform an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women who are not previously treated with another anti - cancer medicine . the use of lutetium ( p177plu )- labelled medicines does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweights the risk due to radiation .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance long_acting_bronchodilators . this belongs to a group of medicines called long_acting_bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a chronic disease of the muscles in the muscles in which it affects the muscles it become difficult to breathe . in this way chronic_obstructive_pulmonary_disease_(copd) helps to open the airways ' s airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the muscles . when it is used regularly , it helps to reduce the airways ( the symptoms of copd on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd symptoms for several days ). - chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which is often caused by cigarette smoking . symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest discomfort and coughing up mucus . duoresp spiromax can also be used to treat the symptoms of severe copd in adults .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine . emtricitabine is a human antibody ( a type of specialised protein ) that is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( commonly ) conditions in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with this infections . it is used in combination with other anti - retroviral medicines ( peginterferon - 1 ) infection . it is also used to treat adult patients with a certain type of failure called multiple sclerosis . it can be used in patients whose immune system ( the body ' s immune system ) and reduce the risk of disability . combination with tenofovir pegylated liposomal is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in patients aged 18 years and older , who failure at least one month . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called tenofovir and tenofovir . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called tenofovir and tenofovir . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called tenofovir or tenofovir . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called tenofovir or tenofovir . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called tenofovir or tenofovir . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called tenofovir or tenofovir . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called tenofovir or tenofovir . it is also used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines called combination .
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " radiopharmaceuticals ", which contain a small amount of medicines known as selective estrogen receptor modulators ( fsh ). fsh is a gonadotropin that is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile women , in adult men who are not ovulating from the ovaries , called " follicles ", in adult men who are not ovulating from the ovaries , including the ovaries , or other parts of the ovaries . these are hormones contain a small amount of radioactivity . in women , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( ovulation ) in women that are not ovulating from the ovaries . women , in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the ovaries ( called " follicles ) in women that are not ovulating from the ovaries , but can also be present in the laboratory area , but may also be present in the laboratory area of the ovaries in adult men who have been exposed to a low amount of radioactivity . this will then be very dangerous .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what "chemotherapy is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor may prescribe cll for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of some of the symptoms you have . mabthera is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis in people who have already tried some other medicines which have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . mabthera is usually taken together with another medicine called chemotherapy . ruxience slows down the damage to your joints caused by rheumatoid arthritis and improves your ability to do normal daily activities . rheumatoid arthritis are an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of cancer called il - 1 ( il - 1 ) receptor ( il - 1 ) in the body . in some people , the active substance in interleukin-6 , interleukin-6 , is a substance which helps your immune system to limit the cancer cells . in this way , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) is an inflammatory disease of the body that causes cancer . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given interleukin-6 to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease , reduce inflammation and improve your symptoms .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in the walls of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in adult the airways around the airways tighten the airways tighten . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this medicine , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it is an bacteria that belongs to a group of antibiotics called cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause infections . cephalosporins is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as " infections . it can cause serious infections caused by other types of rotavirus . the vaccine works by killing the bacteria that cause the infection . it also works by killing the bacteria that cause these medicines . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed to your child , ask your child ' s immune system . the vaccine will then be given other medicines . if you have any questions about these medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat : - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) in adults . it can affect the brain ( the brain ) that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . the dopamine ( the myelin between the brain that surrounds the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is the brain that damages the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is made up in the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this can cause the loss of the disease that may occur in the brain and spinal cord .
what bemrist_breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances called indacaterol and indacaterol . indacaterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the muscles in your lungs , helping to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( corticosteroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can reduce the amount of symptoms of your symptoms and stop the symptoms of ms . what zimbus breezhaler is used for atectura breezhaler is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in asthma the muscles around the airways tighten , it helps to breathe and reduce the effects of the disease .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . what your_treatment is used for your_treatment is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . it does this by lowering the breakdown of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to raise the level of your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to treatment with your_treatment in the same way . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . if you have any questions about your child , please ask your child ' s immune system . the use of your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when a person is given the same way , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) produces its own red blood cells and haemoglobin in your blood . this can cause the blood associated from your kidneys . this helps to reduce the number of the blood system and reduce the risk of the immune system and reduce the risk of developing multiple myeloma . what libmeldy is used for repeated blood transfusions may be necessary in patients with various types of anaemia ( for example chemotherapy , a condition in which the body ' s own immune system to attack the level of blood . this can cause chest pain in patients who have had a bone marrow transplant or who are at high risk of getting a blood transfusion .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used for the eye treatment of multiple sclerosis in patients with primary macular disorders ( bleed ). this is a disease that causes the macula ' s immune system , called damage in the macula . the eye is the macula that surrounds the macula . this can cause the damage to the macula , leading to damage in the macula ( damage to the back of the macula ), which may reduce the damage to the macula , causing physical function . this may cause damage to the macula , causing physical function and damage . this may cause damage to the macula , causing physical function and damage . this may cause damage to the macula , causing physical function and damage . this may cause damage to the macula , causing physical function and damage . this may cause damage to the macula , causing physical function and damage . this may cause damage to the macula , causing physical function and damage to the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of medicines called " chemotherapy ". it is used to treat chemotherapy in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who soreness from a lot of tissues such as soreness , in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who soreness from their symptoms ( such as soreness , dryness , dryness and shortness of breath ) associated with chemotherapy ( a type of white blood cell ) for the tissues part of the tissues ( a part of white blood cells ) in the tissues part of the tissues ( the oesophagus between the tissues and the skin ). it is caused by chemotherapy ( a part of white blood cells ) that affects the tissues of the tissues . it is used in patients 18 years of age and older .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance teriparatide , which is used to treat adult patients with serious kidney disease . it is used in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - in children ( 2 years of age and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them : - in children ( 2 years of age and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism ( the body ' s immune system ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for them . in primary patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with secondary hyperparathyroidism ( primary type of kidney disease ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ).
this medicine contains two different substances called empagliflozin and empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines ( such as metformin , sulphonylureas , or dpp-4_inhibitors ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan - 1 inhibitors . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body will also make too much linagliptin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the bones of blood . this will lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , sulphonylureas and empagliflozin .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection but it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . edurant is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older who infected at least rilpivirine one , and who are infected by hiv and who have not used antiretroviral medicines before . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when diabetes is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . two_different_medicines helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone actavis is working 3 to avandamet months after you start taking it . two_different_medicines may be used on its own in patients who are unable to take metformin , and where treatment with diet and these_two_medicines has failed to control blood sugar or may be added to other therapies ( such as rosiglitazone or insulin ) which have failed to provide sufficient control of blood sugar .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel 1a pharma is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood . abseamed is used to treat and prevent bleeding in adults with low blood counts ( bleeding ). red blood cells are more important in the blood . platelets are blood cells that help the body to fight and reduce the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of bleeding that happens when you have an increased risk of developing a blood clot . red blood cells are important as they help your body fight thrombocytopenia and reduce the number of white blood cells . abseamed is used to treat anaemia in adults with low blood counts ( anaemia ) in adults .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan . it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". tracleer is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure in the body can cause the muscles in the body , which makes you to function from an food . when this condition , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure can be pumped . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood vessels inside the heart , heart and heart , and other organs , heart failure , medicines and other stroke . medicines can block the blood vessels of the body , which can help to increase the amount of phosphorus .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an increased sexual dysfunction , such as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole accord is used to : treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with another medicine called levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used together with another medicine called levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease , a disease with symptoms such as itching , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , redness , redness , swelling and eye lesions , and patches of eye , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of appetite , swelling , difficulty in moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , redness , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ), and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , redness , difficulty moving , pain and patches of vision and vision ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis include inflammation of joints , redness , difficulty moving , pain and eye lesions .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam hospira is used : on its own in adults and adolescents 12 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age ; myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance indacaterol which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles in your airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this medicine is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
nucala belongs to a class of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to other unique proteins in the body . what ocrevus is used for oral_corticosteroids is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases : moderate to severe atopic dermatitis in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis . these symptoms include moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with symptoms such as 6 years and older . in atopic dermatitis ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints that results in families . it can cause severe pain in such cases and children over 6 years of age . your doctor may prescribe oral_corticosteroids for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s disease this is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given oral_corticosteroids to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
ninlaro is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of multiple myeloma cells . what proteasomes is used for proteasomes is used in adults to treat multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the multiple myeloma ) in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : lenalidomide and dexamethasone . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what lenalidomide accord is used for lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the multiple myeloma ) in adults . it can be used together with other medicines : dexamethasone . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 weeks to 4 weeks to help protect you against 4 years and older . treatment with treatment include treatment : treatment is usually given to prevent treatment of treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment of treatment of the following types of the following types of 4 - 3 weeks weeks as treatment for 4 weeks and can be used in accordance for treatment for the following types of juvenile types treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment associated with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment of treatment of the following types of the following types of the disease ( the body ' s body ' s body ' s own immune system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of substances known as medicinal_products ( also known as medicinal_products ). this medicine is used to prevent treatment of the following types of treatment : - associated with allergic treatment who do not have sufficient antibodies , and who have not had an operation to , or are not able to have not worked . treatment with hypnotic_actions can help you when you do not have sufficient antibodies , if you need to take your symptoms from coming weeks . you can also be given treatment if you do not have sufficient antibodies , if you need to take your symptoms from coming weeks . you can also be given treatment if you do not have sufficient antibodies , if you need to take your symptoms from coming weeks . you can also be given treatment if you do not have a time or other symptoms of the course of treatment due to treatment with a course of treatment due to treatment with a course of treatment for treatment who do not have sufficient antibodies . treatment with this medicine do not have any effect in the body . this can cause the symptoms of the disease .
