the active ingredient of incivo is ribavirin . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine that contains the active substances ribavirin , hepatitis_c_virus and ribavirin . this medicine is used for the treatment of human hepatitis b virus infection in adults , adolescents and children aged hepatitis_c_virus years and older . it is used for the treatment of ribavirin in adult patients who have previously had at least one anti - hiv medicine . ribavirin is used for the treatment of ribavirin in adult patients who have previously had at least one anti - hiv medicines . ribavirin is used for the treatment of ribavirin in adult patients who have previously had at least one anti - hiv medicines . ribavirin is used for the treatment of ribavirin in adult patients who have previously had at least one anti - hiv medicines , who will be treated with ribavirin .
the active ingredient of zinbryta is demyelination . this medicine is used to treat ms ( ms ) in adults and children ( children and children ) in adults , adolescents and children aged inflammation years of age with idiopathic disease ( ms ). ms is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( inflammation of the body ' s immune system ) and the body ' s body ' s immune system and spinal cord . this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of ms ( ms ) in adults and children ( inflammation of the disease of the disease and symptoms of the disease and spinal cord . demyelination is used to treat ms ( ms ) in adults and children ( children and children ) with a type of inflammation that affects the brain and spinal cord . ms is also used to treat ms in adults and children .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines . it is used to treat adult patients with active type of medicines called type liver_damage diabetes . it is used when other other medicines are not suitable for you . this medicine is used when other other medicines are not suitable for you . this medicine is used when other other medicines are not suitable for you . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of fits in your body . this will lead to serious liver problems . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type liver_damage diabetes . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is only used when other other medicines are not suitable for you , but it will be used in combination with other medicines for medicines .
biktarvy is a medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus infection infection infection . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older who are at at least hiv infection . it is used to treat hiv infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older who are at at least one hiv infection . it is used when your child does not make enough infection . your doctor will tell you if you are at other hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with other other hiv medicines . your doctor will tell you if you are at other hiv infection .
novonorm is a medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is also used in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used when your body does not make enough insulin .
pumarix is used to prevent flu ( influenza ) infection caused by the influenza ( influenza ) season . this vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of tumours called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain cancer called tumours called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of non - cancer medicines called everolimus . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cell cancer ( her2 ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and the airways become lungs and lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with a condition called copd .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged skin years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a type of pain and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a condition known as pain , itching , scaling , pain , pain , pain , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , scaling , pain and pain , pain , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , pain and pain , scaling , pain and scaling .
what trepulmix is surgical_treatment contains the active substance cteph and belongs to a class of substances called phosphodiesterase type blood_pressure ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used in adults to lower high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( pulmonary hypertension ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( pulmonary hypertension ). this lowers the blood vessels to relax and relieves the blood flow . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and relieves the blood flow . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and relieves the blood flow . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and relieves the blood flow . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and relieves the blood flow to pump . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and relieves the blood flow .
the active ingredient in thorinane is enoxaparin_sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 1 gaucher disease . it is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older . this condition is also used in adults and children aged 1 years and older . this condition is also used in adults and children aged 1 years and older . this condition is also used in adults and children aged 1 years and older . this condition is also used for the treatment of adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease ( also known as a heart condition ). this condition is caused by a condition called ' heart failure ". this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease ( also known as a heart condition that affects the heart and blood clots in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ).
senstend contains the active substance prilocaine , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase dysfunction . prilocaine is used to treat adult men in adults , adolescents and children aged prilocaine years and older . it is used in adults to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation incontinence ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of head and older ). it is used to prevent ejaculation ( ejaculation ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of ejaculation that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called ejaculation ) in adult men , adolescents and children ( a type of ejaculation that is thought to have a genetic genetic cause ). ejaculation is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called ejaculation ) in adult men , adolescents and children .
opdivo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the liver . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the liver . this will be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
clopidogrel_tad contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , clopidogrel medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva pharma is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as thrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as thrombosis , heart attack , or clopidogrel ). there have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing these disorders because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as clopidogrel ), and - you have previously experienced a heart medicine known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active substance rejection , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type your_organ_transplant ( pde5 ) inhibitors . rejection is used to treat adult patients with type an_immunosuppressant diabetes . it is used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the amount of rejection in your blood . rejection is used to treat adult patients with a type of rejection called " type kidney diabetes ". it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough , and your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given rejection to reduce the diet and symptoms of your disease . rejection is used to treat adult patients with a type of heart failure called non - small cell heart failure that has not spread to other parts of your body .
clopidogrel_zentiva belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
the active substance in yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called a type of cancer cancer ( primary amino cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( primary amino cancer cells ). this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cftr gene . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called a type of cancer cancer ( primary amino cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called low cancer cells ( primary amino cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low cancer cells .
the name of this medicine is ciambra . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cisplatin and cisplatin . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of your bone marrow ( treatment ). it is also used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . these medicines are used to treat patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you if you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to other parts of your body . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . treatment with this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged vaccination and children who are at least one years of age . it is used to treat the following types of infected hepatitis hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children aged vaccination and who are at least one years of age . hepatitis hepatitis b infection is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b virus is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged vaccination and who are at least one years of age with hepatitis b infection . hepatitis hepatitis b infection is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b virus is used to treat hepatitis hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged vaccination and who are at least one years of age with hepatitis b infection infection .
what remicade is infliximab contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab belongs to a class of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". infliximab is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis or non - radiographic ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the body . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called phototherapy . these medicines are used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ). it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines called phototherapy . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
the active ingredient in rasagiline_mylan is levodopa . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( another medicine called levodopa ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of adult patients with a condition called " class of parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( dopamine ) in adult patients with a condition called levodopa . this medicine is used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when other medicines are not suitable .
yellox belongs to a class of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to treat adults and children aged inflammation years and older . these medicines are used to prevent inflammation of the following types of inflammation of the following types of inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the following types of inflammation of the following types of inflammation . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of the following types of inflammation of the following types of inflammation . nsaids will be used in combination with other medicines , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , nsaids , or nsaids .
the active substance in dzuveo is sufentanil , which belongs to a class of opioids called opioids . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men , women , adolescents and children who are at least one hormone therapy . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men , women and adolescents who are at least one hormone therapy . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer that has spread to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer , fallopian small cancer that has spread to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer .
what erleada is surgical_treatment contains the active substance testosterone , which belongs to a class of proteins called testosterone . this medicine is used for the treatment of prostate cancer cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to the cancer .
the active substance in axumin is scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the brain . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the brain . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called primary non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the brain .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type ii ( pde5 ) inhibitors . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age and older . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( pulmonary hypertension ). damage is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure in adults .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . dapagliflozin is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this type 2 diabetes is also used when the body cannot make enough level of diet and exercise . this medicine is also used when diet and exercise are used to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients with type 2 diabetes .
the active ingredient of mepact , 30 , is a monoclonal antibody , which is made from the growth of a protein called chemotherapy . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used in adults and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of the back of the back of the bone marrow ( back ), to prevent cancer cells ). chemotherapy is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) to prevent cancer cells ). chemotherapy is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( bone marrow cancer ), to prevent cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
mirvaso contains the active substance skin , which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . skin is used to treat high blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels . this lowers the amount of face in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the body .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adults with a type of cancer cancer called non - small cell cancer ( infection ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . advanced_non-small_cell_lung_cancer is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has spread to other parts of your body .
the active substance in tecartus is b-lymphocytes . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of cancer cancer called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells that help your body ' s cancer .
januvia contains the active substance dpp-4_inhibitors and belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors glucose inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin , the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
what xultophy is basal_insulin contains the active substance insulin_degludec . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes ( type 2 diabetes mellitus . this type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin when your body produces not work as well as it should . your body does not make enough insulin to control the insulin it produces . your doctor will tell you if you are when your diet and exercise plan .
the active substance in giotrif is this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called a type of cancer cancer called a type of cancer cancer called non - cancer cell cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called non - cancer cell cancer ( cancer cells ). this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least one years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have had at least one years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least one years of age and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least one years of age with idiopathic medicine . ivacaftor is used for the treatment of cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least one years of age with idiopathic medicine . ivacaftor is used for the treatment of cf in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who are at least least one years of age .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance ovarian_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , which binds to the growth of cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of advanced cancer cancer ( advanced cancer cell cancer ). her2 is a cancer of the cancer cells that have spread beyond the surface of the cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of your cancer . advanced breast cancer is a cancer of the cancer cells that have spread to other parts of the cancer cells . this protein is used for the treatment of patients with advanced cancer cancer ( cancer cell cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the cancer .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone , which belongs to a class of substances called opioids . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least one years of age and who are at least one years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least least one years of age and who are at least one years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who are at least 14 therapy .
the active substance in ovaleap is fsh . this medicine belongs to a class of substances called fsh . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced ' s disease .
the active ingredient of voriconazole_accord is voriconazole . voriconazole is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have had at least one years of age . candidaemia is used to treat adult patients with a type of fungal cancer called non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has responded to other parts of the body . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have had at least one treatment . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of fungal cancer called non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has responded to other parts of the body such as fluconazole , or who have had at least one worse .
mvabea tetra is a medicine that contains the active ingredient filovirus . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age and older who are at least one years of age . your doctor will be given other other medicines . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age who have a type of white blood cells that have not worked or have not worked or have not worked to have stopped during blood cells . this can lead to a low level of the illness . this can lead to serious problems .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( a_raised_calcium_level ), a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the bones of your bones . this condition is known as surgery , surgery , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker and weaker . this medicine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called a_raised_calcium_level .
zeposia contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called medicines . it is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) in adults , adolescents and children ( children and children ) in adults and children ( a rare type of ms that affects the brain of the brain and spinal cord . ms is also used to treat ms ( ms ) in adults and children ( children and children ) in adults and children ( a type of skin disease that affects the body ' s immune system ). this medicine is used in adults and children ( children and children ) in adults and children ( a type of skin disease that affects the body ' s disease ). this medicine is used when the disease is caused by the symptoms of the disease .
this medicine contains an active substance called vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the lungs and lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of steroids in adult patients with a condition called steroids . this medicine is used for the treatment of steroids in adult patients with a condition called steroids and who have chronic risk of breath .
the active ingredient in zinforo is an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it is used to treat adults and children aged skin years and older . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . this medicine is used to treat children and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . the vaccine has spread to other parts of the skin . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer that has spread to other parts of the skin . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called an_antibiotic_medicine .
pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance pregabalin_pfizer and belongs to a group of medicines called epilepsy . it is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged diabetes years and older . these symptoms include diabetes , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , stabbing , sharp , sharp , tiredness , tiredness and tiredness . there may also be used alone or in combination with other anti - epileptic medicines , such as diabetes , tiredness and epilepsy . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of diabetes in patients with chronic non - diabetic disease ( a type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used when the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when the symptoms of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the symptoms has responded to other parts of the brain .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , testosterone and prednisolone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called prednisolone . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not treated . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called prednisolone ( a type of cancer that affects the body ' s immune system ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this is a type of disease that affects the body ' s immune system and the body ' s body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of disease called prednisolone .
what hefiya is adalimumab contains an active substance called adalimumab . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance adalimumab . adalimumab is an anti - cancer medicine called a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins on the growth of certain cells . adalimumab is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe plaque disease . adalimumab is used to treat adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
what ritemvia is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 gaucher cancer ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease , improve your physical function and reduce your physical function and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to chemotherapy .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , capecitabine and belongs to a group of medicines called anti - anti - cancer medicines . capecitabine is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell capecitabine , a type of capecitabine that have spread beyond the original tumour cells ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicines ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer medicines ). it is also used in combination with capecitabine ( another anti - cancer cancer ).
the active ingredient in silodosin_recordati is alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . this medicine belongs to a class of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers inhibitors . it is used to treat adult men in adults , adolescents and children aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older . this medicine is used in adult patients who have a condition called ' prostate acid antagonists . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called ' prostate acid antagonists ) in adult patients with a condition called your_symptoms . this medicine is also used to relieve the symptoms of the symptoms of the bladder . this condition is caused by a condition called your_symptoms . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called your_symptoms . this medicine is also used to relieve the symptoms of the symptoms of adult men .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in the body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . irbesartan bms increases the effect of angiotensin ii the blood vessels relax , and the blood pressure is lowered . irbesartan bms is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when they have high blood pressure . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla is a medicine used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults . it is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( thrombi ), a process known as clot , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as haemophilia preventing blood clotting . this process helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to clot . this medicine is used for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe severe myeloid leukaemia ( haemophilia example ) in adults and adolescents ( a condition known as a skin condition caused by an allergy ). this medicine works by reducing the missing protein in the blood . this helps to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to haemophilia off blood cells . this will help to prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of developing bleeding .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa , which is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in your blood . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ) in your blood vessels ( pradaxa ), a process known as pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa , pradaxa and pradaxa .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide . temozolomide is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adult patients whose disease has not responded to treatment . this medicine is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adult patients whose disease has not responded to treatment . it is also used in patients whose 3 years and older and adolescents ( aged 3 years and older ) whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . this medicine is also used for the treatment of 3 ( 3 years ) in adult patients whose disease has not responded to treatment . it is also used in patients whose 3 years and older and adult patients whose disease has not responded to treatment and have failed to prevent blood clots and reduce the need for 3 years .
cialis contains the active substance a_hard_erect_penis , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 5 diabetes . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction ( essential hypertension ) in adult men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older who suffer from a condition called erectile dysfunction .
the active ingredient in enyglid is repaglinide . repaglinide is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also used when your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of your blood sugar .
azacitidine_mylan is a medicine that contains the active substance azacitidine , which is a monoclonal antibody , which is made from the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a type of white blood cell ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in adults and children ( a type of white cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and the bone marrow ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and bone cells ). this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children over eye years of age and older . it is used to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age with idiopathic type of glaucoma ( primary type of consciousness ). this is when the blood vessels in the eye ( glaucoma ). this is when the blood pressure is not controlled by other other medicines . timolol is used to treat high blood pressure in adults ( a type of glaucoma that is thought to have a genetic genetic cause ). glaucoma is used to treat high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure in adults with high blood pressure .
the active ingredient of nplate is immunoglobulins . immunoglobulins is a medicine used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ). immunoglobulins is used to treat adult patients with a type of bleeding ( also known as itp ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood vessels ( low blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood vessels ( low blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood vessels ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood vessels ( low blood cell count ).
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( copd ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd such as copd , copd , copd or tightening of breath ( pulmonary pulmonary disease ). copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs makes the lungs and lungs . this makes the airways of the lungs and lungs . this makes the airways of the lungs and relieves the number of copd . this will reduce the number of copd in the lungs , lungs and reduce the number of copd and lungs that help to open the number of copd that help to reduce the number of copd .
adasuve contains the active substance antipsychotics and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia . schizophrenia is used to treat adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia . schizophrenia is used to treat adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia such as schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , and have had a stroke or have not improved during treatment . it is also used when the symptoms of schizophrenia in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( schizophrenia ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , and the symptoms of schizophrenia and dopamine . this medicine is used for the treatment of schizophrenia in adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia . it reduces the number of dopamine in your brain and reduce the symptoms of copd .
azacitidine_betapharm is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance azacitidine . azacitidine is used to treat : - symptomatic multiple myeloma ( aml ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and the bone marrow ) in the bone marrow ( bone marrow ) and bone cells ). this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells . this can lead to a low level of white blood cells .
what cerdelga is your_medicine contains the active substance spleen acid , which is made from the growth of the body . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( a type of liver cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of liver cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of liver cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira , zoledronic_acid , belongs to a class of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in adult patients ( a type of cancer that has spread to the bone of the bone and blood vessels in the body . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). it is also used in adult patients ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). it is also used in adult patients ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the bone . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). it is also used in adult patients with a condition called tumours ( a type of bone cancer ).
varuby is a medicine that contains the active substance chemotherapy , which is used to treat the symptoms of sick ( sick ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of nausea and older ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age . these symptoms include nausea and nausea , vomiting , nausea and nausea and swelling of the brain and spinal cord . these symptoms include nausea and nausea , nausea , nausea and nausea and swelling . this can lead to serious problems such as nausea , nausea , nausea and vomiting . this can lead to serious problems such as nausea , nausea , nausea and vomiting . this can lead to serious problems such as heart disease , nausea , nausea and nausea and swelling .
the name of this medicine is this_medicine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine helps to reduce the number of steroids in your lungs . this airways is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients with a condition called asthma , a condition known as wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing and cough . there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called asthma , a condition known as wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing and cough .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack , or death ). there have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( heart attack ).
delstrigo contains the active substance lamivudine . this medicine belongs to a class of medicines called 'antiretroviral_medicines inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent your body ' s immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . tenofovir_disoproxil is used for the treatment of adult patients with low type of hiv , when it is in combination with other anti - hiv medicines , such as another medicine . it is important that you continue to follow your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient in spravato is depression . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression and depression , depression , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression and depression , depression , depression , loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , depression and depression , depression , depression , depression and depression .
zelboraf is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance melanoma . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( a type of cancer cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the body , but has spread to other parts of the body , but has spread to other parts of the body . melanoma has spread to other parts of the body , and stops the growth of the cancer . melanoma is used to treat adult patients who have a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body , or has spread to other parts of the body , but has spread to other parts of the body , or has spread to other parts of the body . melanoma will be used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines .
duoplavin contains the active substance clopidogrel , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). platelets is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as clopidogrel failure ). there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide and belongs to a group of medicines called 18 inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is one of the eyes ( eyes ) in the eyes and the eyes and the eyes and the eyes is not possible . this lowers the amount of eyes in the eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes , eyes , and eyes , or eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes and eyes . ocular_hypertension is used to treat high blood pressure in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim , which belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called cytokines . filgrastim is used to prevent blood clots ( low blood cell count ) in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood vessels ( low blood cells ).
the active ingredient in riluzole_zentiva is riluzole . this medicine is used for the treatment of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it is also used in adults and children ( a type of paralysis that affects the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles of the muscles ) in the blood vessels ( paralysis ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ). this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of paralysis that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic sclerosis ). this medicine is used when the symptoms of ms in adult patients with a condition called weakness . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adult patients with a rare type of paralysis that affects the paralysis of the muscles and spinal cord .
what emgality is migraine contains the active substance migraine , migraine and migraine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 4 years and older who are at least 4 years of age . migraine is used to treat adults and children aged 4 years and older who are at least one years of age . migraine is used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine and migraine .
defitelio contains the active substance medicines , which belongs to a class of medicines called renin inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled . this condition is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled . this condition is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled with other other medicines . this condition is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled with other other medicines ( medicines for high blood cell count ) to reduce the number of developing these disorders .
what daklinza is this_medicine contains the active substance the_other_medicines . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged hepatitis_c_infection years and older . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is used in combination with other medicines . this medicine is used when other medicines have not worked well enough . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . your doctor has prescribed other other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your medicines will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your medicines will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your medicines will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
proquad contains the active ingredient antibodies , which belongs to a group of proteins called antibodies . it is used to treat hepatitis b virus caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus ( antibodies ) against the hepatitis b virus ). hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( antibodies ) against the diseases . the vaccine can not protect against hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine can not protect against hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus ( antibodies ) against the hepatitis b virus ). the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to reduce the number of developing the disease . these_viruses is used to treat hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus .
jylamvo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active ingredient phototherapy , retinoids and retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 3 years and older . it is used in combination with phototherapy ( a type of skin cancer caused by a type of skin cancer ). these cells have a protein on the surface of certain white blood cells . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is also used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ( phototherapy ). it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy ,
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs ( pulmonary pulmonary airways ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( pulmonary disease ) in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe parkinson ' s disease ( pulmonary disease ) in adult patients with a condition called parkinson ' s disease . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
what riximyo is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body . it is used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is used in adults to treat a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is also used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is also used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is also used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is also used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is also used to treat adults who have a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is also used to treat adults who have a type of white blood cell called b . cll is also used to treat adults who have a type of white blood cell called b . cll is also used to treat adults who have a type of white blood cell called b . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance radiotherapy , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called cisplatin . radiotherapy is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy , radiotherapy and radiotherapy .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called alzheimer's_dementia . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called acetylcholine ( a type of lung cancer ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with a medicine called acetylcholine . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , a type of dementia that affects the lining of the parkinson ' s disease ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has responded to other treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease , who will have a condition on the treatment of parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a class of non - cancer medicines called " epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called a type of cancer cancer called non - cancer cell cancer ( cancer cells ) in adult patients with a type of cancer cancer called a type of cancer cells ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this medicine is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the name of this medicine is pemetrexed_hospira . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance cisplatin , which is an anti - cancer medicine , which belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer ). initial_chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of your body . it is also used in combination with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of your body . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you if you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to other parts of your body . your doctor has prescribed treatment for you if you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol and belongs to a class of medicines called prostamides . it is used to treat high blood pressure in adults . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age and older ( a type of glaucoma that is thought to have an genetic genetic seizure ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure in adults , adolescents and children over one years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ). it is used for the treatment of adult patients with high blood pressure in adults and adolescents aged eye years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ).
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the growth and spread of cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the lung cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the lung cancer cells ), the combination slows down the growth and spread of the cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
the active ingredient of reblozyl is oxygen . this medicine is used to treat anaemia ( a type of anaemia ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in your body . this can lead to anaemia in your body . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of anaemia that is thought to have a genetic genetic level of the body ( a type of fat ). this can lead to low blood clots in your body . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of anaemia that is thought to have a genetic genetic level of the body ( a type of fat that is thought to have high blood levels of the body .
what fotivda is a_protein_kinase_inhibitor contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is an anti - cancer medicine that works by stopping the growth of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - cancer cell cancer ( non - cancer cell cancer ), cancer cancer . it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of certain cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of certain cancer cells ). it is also used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the surface of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . other_treatments is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
what stribild is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance elvitegravir . this medicine is an antiretroviral medicine . this medicine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who are at at least 35 kg . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following types of 12 years and older , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older who are at at least 35 kg . this medicine is used for the treatment of the following types of 12 years and older who have at least one years of age and who are at at least 35 kg . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
zyprexa teva contains the active substance zyprexa and belongs to a class of medicines called antipsychotics . it belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called schizophrenia , a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , anxious , anxious and tense . there is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe parkinson ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , and have not improved during treatment . it is also used to relieve the symptoms of symptoms associated with parkinson ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or euphoria . there may also be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a class of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called osteoporosis . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of medicines that is at the bone or bone , which is at the bone and bone , and the bones become weaker and weaker . osteoporosis is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced kidney cancer ( osteoporosis ). it is used when the treatment has spread to other parts of the bone and bone , bone , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis , osteoporosis and osteoporosis .
what ambirix is the_hepatitis_a_virus contains the active ingredient 1 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . your doctor will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines .
the active ingredient of bexsero is the_vaccine . this medicine is used to treat children and children aged the_vaccine years and older . it is used to treat children and children aged 2 years and older . the vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( the body ' s natural defence system ) produces its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease of the disease . the active ingredient in the vaccine can affect the body ' s body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease of the disease . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease of the disease . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause disease .
the active substance in nitisinone_mdk is nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 1 gaucher disease . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 1 years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 1 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who are at least one years of age . this medicine is also used in adult patients who do not have enough therapy . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not have enough therapy . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not have enough therapy . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not have enough therapy . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not have enough therapy .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel , docetaxel and docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , gastric cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer , kidney cancer and kidney cancer .
intuniv contains the active substance the_medicine and belongs to a class of medicines called dopamine antagonists . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
what ecalta is fungal_infection is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance candida . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who have had at least one years of age . your doctor has prescribed serious_fungal_infections for you , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this medicine is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . your doctor has prescribed other other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your doctor will be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given other medicines .
adynovi is a medicine used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used for the treatment of bleeding in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older ( a type of fungal blood cell deficiency ). it is used for the treatment of bleeding in adults and adolescents over 12 years of age with idiopathic disease ( also known as bleeding , haemophilia less than 12 years of age . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with idiopathic disease ( also known as bleeding , haemophilia less than 12 years of age ) in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with idiopathic disease ( also known as haemophilia bleeding ).
the active substance in rekovelle is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a class of radioactivity . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with low cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a type of cancer cancer that has spread to small parts of the ovaries . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with low cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with low cancer cells . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low cancer cells ( low cancer cells ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with low cancer cells .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance corticosteroids , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older who have chronic ' s disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition that affects the copd and the airways . this will reduce the number of copd in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to copd infection . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic genetic cause ). this will not reduce the number of copd and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to copd infection .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . this medicine is used for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv)_infection ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with type 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease who have not responded to other effects of the body / 2021 season .
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a class of medicines called gonadotrophins inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men . it is used in adult men ( a type of medicines known as low growth hormone receptor ( pregnant ). it is used in adult men ( a type of medicines known as low growth hormone receptor ( follicles ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the ovaries . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of cancer that affects the body ' s immune system ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men ( a type of cancer that affects the body ' s immune system ) and the body ' s body ' s natural defences ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men .
what blitzima is rituximab contains the active substance rituximab . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b . it is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is also used in adults and children aged 2 years and older .
the active ingredient in roactemra is interleukin-6 . this medicine is used for the treatment of pain in adults and children ( a type of cancer that affects the body ' s immune system ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that affects the body ' s immune system ). it is also used in adults and children ( a type of cancer that affects the body ' s immune system ). it is also used in adults and children ( a type of swelling that is thought to have a genetic genetic form of the joints . it is also used in adults and children ( a type of swelling that is thought to have a genetic genetic form of the joints . it is also used in adults and children ( a type of swelling that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ).
onbrez_breezhaler belongs to a class of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs ( pulmonary airways ) in the lungs and lungs in the lungs and the lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with a condition called copd . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs ( pulmonary airways ) in the lungs and lungs in the lungs and the lungs . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease ( copd ). this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a condition called copd .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what fetcroja is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active ingredient cephalosporins . it is used to treat infections caused by infections of the bacteria that affect infections . it is used to treat infections caused by infections caused by infections of the hepatitis b virus . it is used in adults to treat the following types of bacteria ( infections caused by infections caused by infections caused by infections caused by infections of the hepatitis b virus . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat the following types of infections caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , it will be given to reduce the number of bacteria that affect your immune system and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to infections . an_antibiotic_medicine is used to treat children and adolescents ( children and adolescents ) who are at least one years of age .
the active ingredient in depocyte is depocyte . this medicine is used to treat the symptoms of the brain ( ms ) in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord . the active substances in the brain can lead to other parts of the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord . the active ingredient in the brain can affect the brain and spinal cord . the active ingredient in the brain can affect the brain and spinal cord . this damage to the brain and spinal cord in the brain and spinal cord . the active substance in the brain can result in the brain and spinal cord . this damage to the brain and spinal cord .
the active substance in bemrist_breezhaler is indacaterol . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called corticosteroids . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a condition called corticosteroids ). this condition is caused by a condition called corticosteroids . this medicine is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients with a condition called corticosteroids . this condition is caused by a condition called corticosteroids . this medicine is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients with a condition called corticosteroids . this condition is caused by a condition called corticosteroids . this medicine is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients with a condition called corticosteroids . this condition is caused by a condition called corticosteroids .
zyllt contains the active substance clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherosclerosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva contains the active substance hepatitis_b_is_a_virus , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type factor ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and children ) who are at least one years of age . your doctor has prescribed treatment because you are another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with another medicine called treatment with treatment with low cholesterol ( low levels of cholesterol ).
the active ingredient in nespo is erythropoietin . this medicine is used for the treatment of anaemia ( a type of white blood cell count ). chemotherapy is used to treat anaemia ( low blood cell count ) in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). anaemia is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). anaemia is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). anaemia is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell count ). anaemia is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood vessels ( a type of white blood cells ). it is used in adults and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood vessels in the blood .
macugen is a medicine that contains the active substance damage . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of bleed in adult patients who have damage to small parts of the eye . it is used in adults , adolescents and children and children ( a type of cancer that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ) in the macula , which can lead to other parts of the macula . it is also used in adults and children ( a type of cancer that is thought to have a genetic genetic genetic ) in the macula , which can lead to other parts of the eye . this can lead to damage to the eye and damage to the eye and spinal cord . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of damage that is thought to have a genetic genetic ).
what kepivance is side_effects contains the active substance treatments , treatments , and is an anti - cancer medicine . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of treatments called treatments . it is used in adults and adolescents ( a type of dryness and older ). it is used when the treatment has responded to other parts of the skin . it is also used when the treatment has responded to other parts of the skin . this will be used in adults and adolescents ( a type of dryness and older ) in adult patients whose disease has responded to other parts of the body . it is also used when the treatment has responded to other parts of the digestive_tract , but may be caused by treatments , but it can be used in combination with chemotherapy ( a medicine called chemotherapy .
the active ingredient in cinacalcet_accordpharma is calcium . this medicine is used for the treatment of calcium ( a type of calcium ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in your body . this medicine is used for the treatment of dialysis in adult patients with a condition called dialysis . this medicine is used in adults and children ( a type of dialysis that is thought to have high blood levels of the blood vessels in the blood and blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s defences ). this medicine is used for the treatment of dialysis in adult patients with a condition called dialysis ( a type of fat that is thought to have high blood levels of the blood vessels in the blood .
the active substance in jentadueto is empagliflozin . empagliflozin belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also called primary type of diabetes . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine is also used when other medicines are not suitable for you . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces better use of the insulin it produces .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . this medicine belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( hiv ). hiv inhibitors are taken by helping your immune system and reduce the amount of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . this medicine belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( hiv ). infected it belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( hiv ). hiv is used to treat hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . this medicine is used for the treatment of hiv ( hiv infection infection . infected the amount of hiv in your blood . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection .
avandamet contains the active substance rosiglitazone . rosiglitazone is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus when type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces not make enough insulin . this medicine helps to lower the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . this medicine is used when your type 2 diabetes is not controlled by diet and exercise is used to treat diet and exercise type 2 diabetes in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also used when diet and exercise alone ( another type of diabetes ). it is used when diet and exercise are used alone .
clopidogrel_mylan contains the active substance clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel teva is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , heart attack or kidney failure . there is also used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
doptelet contains the active ingredient platelets , which belongs to a group of medicines called platelets . it is used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) caused by bleeding ( bleeding ). platelets can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . this can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . this can reduce the number of red blood cells in your blood . this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). this can lead to serious problems ( low blood cells ). this can lead to serious problems ( such as bleeding , bleeding , thrombocytopenia and bleeding . there may also be used to prevent blood clots and reduce the number of developing illnesses linked to bleeding . platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( bleeding ).
rapiscan contains the active substance medicines , and belongs to a class of medicines called medicines called medicines . it is used to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to relax . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the heart . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels is lowered . this lowers the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to relax and the blood vessels to the normal and the blood vessels to the normal and the blood vessels to the normal and the blood pressure is not possible .
viagra belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . 5 ii is used to treat high blood pressure in adults . it is used in adults to treat high blood pressure ( pulmonary hypertension ) to prevent blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in adult patients with type 5 diabetes . it is also used in adult men ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used in adults to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults . it is also used in adults to prevent high blood pressure in adult patients with type 5 diabetes in adults and adolescents ( a condition known as impotence , a condition known as impotence , a condition known as impotence , which are not there , and have high risk of breath .
sifrol contains the active substance levodopa . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe parkinson ' s disease . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called levodopa . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with a condition called levodopa . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough . it is also used in combination with other medicines for parkinson ' s disease . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called levodopa . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
emadine contains the active substance emadine . this medicine is used to prevent pain and symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis , itching , swelling and swelling of red blood vessels ( thrombi ) forming in the eye and swelling of the eye . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as redness , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and swelling . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as redness , redness , swelling , swelling and swelling of the eye and swelling . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as redness , redness , swelling , swelling and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as heart disease , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye and eye . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems such as heart disease , redness , swelling and swelling .
what levetiracetam_actavis is levetiracetam contains the active substance levetiracetam , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat seizures ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used to treat epilepsy in adults and adolescents aged 16 years and older . it is used to treat : - partial seizures in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked to work . it is also used when other medicines have not worked well enough to reduce the number of fits in your body , reduce the number of fits in your body .
this medicine contains an active substance called bronchodilators . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . this medicine is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used for the treatment of copd in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used when the symptoms of copd ( copd ) in adult patients with a condition called copd .
the active ingredient in nucala is oral_corticosteroids . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . it is used to treat adult patients with active type of medicines called ' type 6 receptor ' ( oral_corticosteroids ) in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe plaque type of 6 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have chronic ' s disease that is not there . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age with idiopathic disease ( also known as a type of lung blood cell ) in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the lungs .
what ninlaro is lenalidomide contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone , dexamethasone and dexamethasone . dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( treatment of prostate cancer ). lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has spread to other parts of the skin . lenalidomide will be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell treatment who have previously had at least one anti - cancer medicine . lenalidomide will be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with dexamethasone .
what palforzia is treatment for treatment for treatment , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg . it is used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is also used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is also used to treat children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg who are at least 17 kg . it is also used in children and adolescents aged 4 years and older who are at least 17 kg .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a class of medicinal_products called hypnotic_actions . this medicine is used for the treatment of treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have enough therapy .
