incivo contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiviral medicine used to treat chronic hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called peginterferon_alfa . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c , a virus that causes acquired hepatitis c . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it will be given in combination with ribavirin . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_infection infection . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antiviral medicines that you will be taking with ribavirin . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . ribavirin will be used in combination with other medicines to treat children and adolescents .
zinbryta contains the active substance zinbryta . demyelination is used to treat relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) in adults . demyelination is a long term illness that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation around the brain and spinal cord ) that affects ms . demyelination is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( inflammation around the nerves and spinal cord ). demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing - remitting ms is ms caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : relapsing - remitting ms is ms caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms is ms caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms is ms caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms is caused by ms . relapsing - remitting ms has been shown to ms .
wilzin contains the active substance neurological_disorders . it belongs to a group of medicines called wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of medicines called liver_damage . it is used in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . it can be used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take other medicines . it is used in children and adolescents ( over liver_damage years of age ). your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your child ' s own response to reduce the amount of liver_damage in your body . this can reduce the amount of liver_damage in your body . this can reduce the amount of liver_damage in your body . this can lead to serious medical problems , such as liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , liver_damage , and pressure .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 years . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents 1 years of age and older , and adolescents 1 to 1 years . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child to reduce the risk of hiv in your blood . infection is a type of hiv that happens when you have type 1 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the human immunodeficiency virus . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine . if you have any further questions on your child , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is suitable for adults and children aged 1 to 1 years . your doctor will tell you to take this medicine .
novonorm contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). it is given to children from 18 years of age . it is given to prevent flu ( flu ). it is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , flu may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc contains the active substance tumours . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called tumours . it is used in adult men to reduce the levels of tumours in the blood ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it can reduce the amount of tumours in the body . it is used in adult men to reduce the amount of tumours in the body ( the body ' s natural defences ) in adult patients who have been exposed to other effects of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . you should inform your doctor , who will suggest that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of substances called everolimus . growth hormone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer ).
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . vilanterol is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the muscles become airways become shortness of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine is used for use in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should be given this medicine to help prevent your copd and reduce the risk of copd .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 , which is a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis , a condition with psoriasis such as burning , itching , itching or pain or pain . pain sensations are described as hot , itching , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , scaling , pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , itching , burning , itching and pain . this may cause pain or pain . itching sensations are described as hot , itching , itching , itching and pain . this may cause pain or pain . itching sensations are described as hot , itching , itching , itching and pain . this may cause pain or pain . itching sensations are described as hot , itching , itching , itching and pain . this may cause pain or pain . itching sensations are described as hot , itching , itching , itching and pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance surgical_treatment , which belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure , tiredness , tiredness and tiredness of breath . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the pulmonary arteries ) that carry blood from the body and the lungs . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium , which is made up of blood clotting . your_dialysis_machine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older to treat type 2 gaucher disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this can cause blood clots from forming in the blood . this can cause blood clots forming in your heart and blood clots . your_dialysis_machine is used in adults to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . this can cause blood clots from forming in the blood vessels of your heart and blood vessels .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine and prilocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type local_anaesthetics ( pde5 ) inhibitors . prilocaine is a man , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . prilocaine is used for the treatment of lifelong_premature_ejaculation in adult men , adolescents and children of ejaculation to lifelong_premature_ejaculation years . it is used for the short - term treatment of pulmonary pulmonary hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men . it is used for the short - term treatment of pulmonary dysfunction in adult men , adolescents and children aged prilocaine to lifelong_premature_ejaculation years . it is also used in adults to prevent lifelong_premature_ejaculation in adults who have an increased sexual need for erectile dysfunction . prilocaine will only be used in men and adolescents ( 3 years of age and older ) who suffer from a condition called prilocaine .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab . nivolumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that is a type of cancer that affects a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 ( a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 ( a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 ( a type of white blood cell ), a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 ( a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 ( a type of white blood cell ), a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cell called t - 1 ( a type of white blood cell called t - 1 ( a type of cancer that is thought to the presence of female hormones ).
clopidogrel_tad bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
tacforius contains the active substance the_active_substance_tacrolimus . it is an injectable agent . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of heart heart failure . rejection is a type of heart that happens when your body does not make enough kidney to control your blood through the heart . your_body's_immune_system is used to treat adult patients with a type of heart heart failure called ' type kidney diabetes ". it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough , and you will be given rejection to reduce the signs and symptoms of kidney failure . your doctor will tell you to give you about these other medicines . your doctor will tell you to give you about these other medicines . your doctor will tell you to give you about these medicines . your doctor will give you to take you to take your most corticosteroids .
clopidogrel_zentiva bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), whose cancer cells have a low level of certain white blood cells . this medicine is used together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin ' ( hcg ) to help produce sperm that have not previously previously treated with another medicine ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you have any questions about how rydapt works or together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are not previously treated for you .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . initial_chemotherapy is used in patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and children aged vaccination and serious years of age . vaccination is a type of influenza that occurs at intervals that cause the hepatitis b virus . vaccination is used to treat hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children aged vaccination to vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by the hepatitis b virus . vaccination will not protect against vaccination caused by other types of hepatitis vaccination .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is an anti - inflammatory medicine that contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody . infliximab is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult patients , it is used : together with levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). in adult men , it is used : together with levodopa ( another medicine used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine in the brain . it is important to keep following the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent inflammation of inflammation caused by inflammation of the inflammation . inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the number of red blood cells . inflammation of inflammation of the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells that cause inflammation . inflammation of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells that cause inflammation . inflammation of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells which can cause inflammation and to increase the number of red blood cells . inflammation of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells which can cause inflammation and to increase the number of inflammation . inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the need for inflammation . inflammation of the bone marrow to reduce the need for inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong hormones called opioids . opioids is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that is used in adult men with prostate cancer that is used to treat prostate cancer in adult men who have prostate cancer due to a small hormone called opioids . what opioids is used for opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had at least one medicine for their ovaries . it is used in adult men with prostate cancer that is used for prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . opioids is used in adult men to treat men that is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in patients who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer called prostate cancer .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult men with a type of testosterone called testosterone called testosterone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this special diet is based on low levels of low cancer cells . in adult men , the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this special diet is based on low levels of cancer . this special cancer is called " epidermal growth hormone receptor " ( her2 ). this special hormone is found on the surface of adult men . in adult men , bemfola is used in adult men to treat adult men who have a low levels of testosterone called " metastatic epidermal growth factor receptor hormone ". in adult men , bemfola is used in adult men to treat adult men with a type of breast cancer called hormone receptor receptor hormone ".
axumin is a medicine that contains the active substance ' scan '. it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain scan called primary type factors . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine . it is given in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients with a type of brain scan called ' type a_pet_scan '. it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough ( medicines , you should taking your doctor , who will suggest that treatment be discontinued . your doctor will tell you to use this medicine . your doctor will tell you to use this medicine in addition to radiation . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . brinzolamide is used to reduce high blood pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure in the eye . high blood pressure is high or pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload of the eye and damage . this pressure is less high in blood pressure . high blood pressure increases the workload , making it easier for the eye to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms . brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adults whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when brinzolamide is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough when brinzolamide is used to prevent pressure in adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ).
forxiga contains two different dapagliflozin , dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called mouth . it is used to treat diabetes in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and above . diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat adult patients with a type of cancer called cancer called cancer that has spread to other parts of the back ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients who have had at least one previous therapy . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who are at high risk of cancer . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults who are at high risk of cancer . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who are at high risk of cancer . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who are at high risk of cancer . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat chemotherapy in adults who have a bone marrow transplant to reduce the number of bone fractures . chemotherapy is used to treat chemotherapy in adults who are chemotherapy due to a bone marrow transplantation .
mirvaso contains mirvaso , which belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . mirvaso is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with high blood pressure in the skin . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the skin and blood vessels in the vessels of the skin ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ). to reduce the amount of face in the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how mirvaso works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
mvasi is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance bevacizumab . paclitaxel is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called body . paclitaxel binds to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . bevacizumab is used for the treatment of adults and children 6 years of age and older who have previously been treated with another medicine called paclitaxel . for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , bevacizumab is used in combination with another medicine containing paclitaxel . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and cannot be removed at least 6 months , who have been previously treated with another anticancer medicine , paclitaxel or paclitaxel . gemcitabine , in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
what tecartus is and how it works other_medicines contains the active substance other_medicines . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called ' t - lymphocyte ". this type of multiple myeloma is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cell called a type of white blood cells called ' t - lymphocyte ". this type of white blood cells , called t - lymphocytes . these are a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this means that the immune system produces too parts of the body . this can lead to a low level of radioactivity .
januvia contains the active substance dipeptidyl_peptidase-4_inhibitors , which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , blindness , and amputation . this medicine can also be used in combination with other anti - diabetic medicines . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance basal_insulin . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . it is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes . it is used when your type 2 diabetes cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . basal_insulin is used in adult patients to treat type 2 diabetes . it is used when your type 2 diabetes cannot be adequately controlled by diet and exercise alone . basal_insulin can be used in adult patients to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance ' your_first_treatment '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell carcinoma ". this medicine is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control .
orkambi contains the active substance ivacaftor . this medicine is used to treat cf in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . what ivacaftor is used for ivacaftor is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( cf ). it is for use in adults 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents 6 years of age and older and adolescents aged 6 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for a long - term treatment of 6 years of age and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 6 years of age and older .
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target substance called human epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it is used for the treatment of advanced breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) or when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( tumour ) of a gene called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). her2 is a cancer of a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( tumour ).
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . naloxone is a medicine used to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and adolescents who do not tolerate or cannot take medical therapy . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for this medicine . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains an active substance called a_gonadotropin . this medicine is used to treat adult men with low women ( a type of lung cancer called non - small cell treatment ) in adult patients who have been previously treated with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of disease called ' non - small cell treatment ". in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called fsh . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a certain type of disease called ' non - small cell treatment ". if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is an antiviral medicine . candidaemia is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have chronic bronchitis ( a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ). candidaemia is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 2 years and older . prevention of fungal infections in adults , adolescents and adolescents aged 2 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 2 years and older and adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( a type of fungal infection due to candida sp ). candidaemia is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older .
mvabea tetra is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease ( filovirus ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . it is used to treat ebola_virus_disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older who are infected with their blood . this is a type of white blood cell . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this is a type of white blood cell . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this is a type of white blood cell . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this is a type of white blood cell . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this is a type of white blood cell . this will lead to delirium problems , problems , children and infants aged 1 to 1 years .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid sandoz is used in adults to treat adult men with a type of skin fractures called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( other_bone_problems ), a form of skin cancer called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( other_bone_problems ), which is at high levels of fractures . it is used in adults to prevent surgery and hip fractures in adults . it is used in adults to prevent surgery and hip fractures in adults . it is used in adults to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ) in adults . it is used in adults to prevent surgery and hip fractures in adults . it is used in adults to prevent surgery and hip fractures in adult patients with a condition called bisphosphonates such as other_bone_problems , or weaker .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adults . ms is a long - term illness that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) around the brain and spinal cord . multiple_sclerosis is a type of inflammation that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) around the brain and spinal cord . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing - remitting ms is a type of lymphocytes that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ) around the brain and spinal cord . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients who have had at least one treatment of ms , but whose disease has not responded to other parts of ms . multiple_sclerosis is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) in adult patients who have had a still had not worked well enough or are not suitable for you .
temybric_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for anoro ellipta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the airways become airways become shortness of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
zinforo contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . the active ingredient in an_antibiotic_medicine , an_antibiotic_medicine , is similar to a natural group of medicines that cause the skin and spinal cord . these proteins can help to protect against these diseases caused by the bacteria . this vaccine is caused by the bacteria that cause the bacteria known as the skin . the bacteria can help to protect against these diseases caused by the bacteria . the bacteria can be caused by the bacteria , the body ' s immune system that leads to nerve cells which help to protect against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own cells .
pregabalin_pfizer teva belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , throbbing , shooting , aching , numbness , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of gad are prolonged excessive anxiety and worry that are difficult to control . gad can also cause restlessness or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( tired ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease is due to parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains two active substances : prednisone and prednisolone . zytiga is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called disease . it is used in adults to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple sclerosis . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it is important that you also read the diet and exercise that you have any questions about how prednisolone works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called prednisolone . it is used in adult patients who have had at least one other medicine , prednisone , prednisone and prednisolone . when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , a monoclonal antibody . adalimumab is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target in the body . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor ( tnfα ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some diseases . adalimumab is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . this condition is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have crohn ' s disease you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is found on the surface of certain white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in the white blood cells . by attaching to pd - 1 , rituximab blocks its action and reduces the chance of the immune system . this helps to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . what is multiple myeloma ? rituximab is a type of medicine known as chemotherapy . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( a type of white blood cell ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given chemotherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , capecitabine and capecitabine . medicines belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth and spread of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine , capecitabine belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . it is also used in combination with medicines called aromatase inhibitors with adult patients with advanced stage of her2 and hormone receptor - metastatic metastatic breast cancer ( cancer that is sensitive to the presence of female hormones ). you have metastatic gastric cancer with high levels of her2 , when it is in combination with the other cancer medicines capecitabine or 5 - flououracil and surgery .
silodosin_recordati contains the active substance alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it belongs to a group of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to relieve the symptoms of prostate symptoms in adult men . it is used in adult men to reduce the symptoms of tissues in the bladder ( urethra ) in adults . symptoms is a condition with symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , seeing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , incoherent speech , incoherent speech , incoherent speech , muscle pain and difficulty a flatness . this makes symptoms such as hearing , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain ,
kinzalmono teva pharma b . v . is a medicine used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults , adolescents and children aged blindness in one years of age . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . telmisartan teva is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . cardiovascular_events is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adult patients whose blood pressure is not controlled enough .
afstyla is used to treat adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is an inherited disease caused by an allergy in the blood . factor viii is a protein occurring naturally in the blood that helps to prevent clot . von willebrand factor viii is an inherited disease caused by an lack of red blood cells ). clot is used for the treatment and prevention of clot in adults and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). factor viii is an inherited disease caused by an lack of red blood cells ). factor viii is a disease of the blood and the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause or stop bleeding .
praxbind contains pradaxa , which helps to prevent blood clots from forming . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming after pradaxa . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is also used in adults to treat high blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is also used in adults to treat high blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is also used in adults to treat high blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used in adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults .
temomedac contains the active substance temozolomide , which is an anti - inflammatory medicine . it is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : - in adult patients whose disease is over or equal to 3 beats per minute . it is used in adults and children and adolescents from 3 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as 3 , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as glioblastoma_multiforme , heart attack , or anaplastic_astrocytoma ). you have been prescribed 3 to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or anaplastic_astrocytoma . you have been prescribed 3 to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ).
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . they work by helping the blood vessels in your penis , allowing it easier for sexual activity . erectile_function is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as 5 dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . sexual activity has been shown to improve your penis to relax , allowing the flow of blood into your penis . this will result when you get sexually excited . sildenafil will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra does not work if there is no sexual stimulation . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains insulin which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , type 2 diabetes and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan contains the active substance azacitidine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cmml ", which are used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) in adult patients with a form of cmml called bone myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). cmml is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of leukaemia in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . this reduces the number of white blood cells . it is used in patients who have had at least one previous therapy .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a class of substances called " timolol agonists ". timolol is used to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a disease in which the body produces too much of blood pressure . this pressure can lead to a clogging of substances such as glaucoma , heart failure , glaucoma or pressure . this pressure can lead to serious problems , such as glaucoma , glaucoma or pressure . this pressure can lead to serious problems , such as glaucoma , glaucoma or pressure . this pressure can lead to serious problems , such as glaucoma , glaucoma or pressure . this pressure can lead to serious problems , such as glaucoma , timolol or pressure . this pressure can lead to a stroke of liver pressure . even means that the pressure does not have any cause .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of substances called " immunoglobulins ". immunoglobulins are very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . immunoglobulins is used to treat bleeding in adults and children aged 1 years and older . itp is a type of white blood cells . it is used in adults to treat bleeding in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 years of age and older . itp is a type of white blood cells . these white blood cells are important as they help your body fight bleeding and fragile - increase the number of white blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . itp is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs become airways become shortness of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( schizophrenia ) in adults . it can be used in combination with schizophrenia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of dopamine or tense . schizophrenia is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a condition with symptoms such as feeling_"high" , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of dopamine or tense . it is used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance ibandronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called bone_marrow inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called bone_marrow inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth and development of white blood cells . azacitidine is used to treat adult patients with a type of cmml leukaemia called acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ) in adult patients who have had at least one previous treatment . acute myeloid leukaemia is a cancer of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . these medicines be used in adults to treat : acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). these are a type of blood cancer . if you have any questions about how azacitidine celgene works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
cerdelga contains an active substance called your_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adult men with low levels hormone ( mps ) in adult men . it is used in adult men , in adult men , in adult men , in adult men . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium in the body . this special diet is made up in low levels of glucose . this special diet is made up in low levels of glucose . this special diet is made up in low levels of glucose . this special diet is made up in low levels of glucose . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is made up in low levels of glucose . this special diet is broken down low levels of calcium . this special diet is broken down low levels .
zoledronic_acid_hospira contains the active substance zoledronic_acid , which belongs to a class of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . zoledronic_acid belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby belongs to a class of brain medicines called chemotherapy . varuby is used to treat nausea and vomiting in adults , adolescents and children of vomiting ( a type of sick that affects the sick of the brain ( the brain ) that affects the brain and lining of the brain ( the brain and spinal cord ). it is used in adults to treat nausea and vomiting caused by vomiting of the brain ( secondary generalisation ) in patients who have had at least one treatment for vomiting . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it can be caused by vomiting of the brain , but could thereafter extend to other parts of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ) in adult patients with a form of nausea or vomiting . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it can be used in combination with chemotherapy .
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what glycopyrronium is used for this_medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma ) in adults . asthma is a long - term condition that affects the lungs become airways become bronchoconstriction and lungs . symptoms of symptoms include shortness of breath , wheezing , chest pain and cough . this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed to reduce the number of asthma in your everyday life . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of asthma on your everyday life and reduce the number of flare - ups ( the worsening of your copd and toe ulcers that help to breathe .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed platelets to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
delstrigo contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' oral anti - 1 inhibitors '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. it is used for the treatment of hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection . it belongs to a group of medicines called nrti . what nrti is used for your_'viral_load' is used to treat adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older who have a type of medicines called ' type 18 inhibitors '. it is used when your hiv does not make enough ' s disease . it is used in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you because you are at high risk of developing a blood medicine called hiv . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the other medicines that you will take this medicine .
spravato contains depression , which belongs to a class of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( depression ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe depression for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin zentiva in addition to your current treatment .
zelboraf contains the active substance an_anticancer_medicine , which is an anti - cancer medicine . this medicine is used to treat cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery and cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . melanoma is used to treat cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . melanoma is used to treat cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and spread to other parts of the body .
duoplavin bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ).
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults , adolescents and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years to less than 18 years old in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older who suffer from a condition ( such as 18 years of age ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high pressure ( primary type of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . high_pressure is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older who suffer from a condition ( such as 18 years of age ) in adults and adolescents from 18 years of age .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells . filgrastim cells are a type of white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are a type of white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are a type of white blood cells . white blood cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adult patients with relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ). this is a rare disease that affects the central nervous system ( paralysis ). this can lead to problems with weakness and problems with shortness of breath . this medicine is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adults .
emgality is a medicine that is used to treat migraine ( migraine ) migraine , migraine and migraine . migraine is a protein occurring ( migraine ) of migraine and migraine . it is used to prevent migraine in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older . migraine is a type of migraine that occurs at intervals . migraine is to be used in adults and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents 4 years of age and older and adolescents aged 4 years and older and adolescents .
defitelio is a medicine that belongs to a class of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". angiotensin ii is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults . high blood pressure is a condition in which the blood vessels become liver and blood vessels in the liver and blood vessels . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to protect the liver in patients with high blood pressure ). this medicine is used if you have high blood pressure in adult patients with a condition called medicines to treat high blood pressure ). this medicine is used if you have medicines have high blood pressure in your blood . this medicine is used to treat high blood pressure in adults who have a condition known as medicines called medicines for high blood pressure ).
daklinza contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older . this medicine is used to treat children and adolescents of all ages with chronic hepatitis c . this medicine is used when your child does not make enough well enough . this medicine is not a cure for children and children from the_hepatitis_c_virus years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help protect your body ' s immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the amount of hepatitis c virus in your blood . this can lead to serious liver problems . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of hepatitis c virus . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with type the_hepatitis_c_virus diabetes . this medicine is used when your child does not make enough well enough . this medicine is not a cure for children and children .
proquad is a vaccine that helps protect against diseases caused by antibodies against diseases . it is given to protect against diseases caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , antibodies may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . antibodies against the vaccine can cause antibodies against the 2020 for the 2020 for the 2020 / 2021 season . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids . retinoids is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . active_rheumatoid_arthritis is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have any rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , you will be given phototherapy to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . treatment with this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . phototherapy is used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition in which the lungs become airways become airways become shortness of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is found on the surface of some white blood cells . cll is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the white blood cell . if you have any rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given cll to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . cll is used to treat adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ).
topotecan_actavis belongs to a group of medicines called " radiotherapy receptor antagonists ". radiotherapy is used to prevent surgery and radiotherapy in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine before surgery or radiotherapy is used to treat surgery in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced radiotherapy is a cancer of the most common radiotherapy . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . radiotherapy is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced_cervical_cancer is used in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is used to treat adult patients with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), or non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to you if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have lung cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to other treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for your initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called prostaglandin_analogues inhibitors . it is used to treat adult men with a condition called long - term eye deficiency ( glaucoma ). it is used when the pressure is used in adults , adolescents and children aged eye years and older . it is used when the pressure is used in adults , adolescents and children aged eye years and older . it is used when the pressure is used in adults , adolescents and children aged eye years and older . it is used when the pressure is caused by the other types of timolol - blockers . in children , adolescents and adolescents aged eye years and older . it is used in combination with other antiepileptic medicines to treat high pressure in adults . it is used when the pressure is not possible .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the lung , or to other parts of the tissues of your tissues ( called lung cancer ). if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this medicine has been prescribed to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl contains the active substance haemoglobin . haemoglobin is a hormone produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by biotechnology in the body . haemoglobin is a protein produced by the body . it is used in adults to reduce high blood levels in the body . it is used in adult patients to reduce the levels of anaemia in the blood . it is used in adult patients to reduce the levels of anaemia in the blood . it is used in adult patients to treat high blood levels in adult patients who have a low level of red blood cells in the body . it is used in adult patients to treat high blood levels in adult patients who have a low level of red blood cells in the body .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell advanced_kidney_cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( tumour ) in patients who have been received at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given zessly to reduce the growth and spread of cancer cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , you will be given a_protein_kinase_inhibitor to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in children 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and older who weigh at least 35 kg .
zyprexa spiromax contains the active substance zyprexa , which belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa sandoz pharma is used to treat a certain form of recurrence ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe anxious , runny or tense . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of fracture called fracture . it is used in adult women who have had at least one treatment for their bone marrow . it is used in patients who have had at least one month for their bone . it is used in adult women who have had at least one month for their bone . it is used in patients who have had at least fracture ( for example hip , knee , knee , knee in men who are symptoms because they have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in adults who have recently at their bone ( bone metastases ) who have not had a bone attack , weaker , or have had a minor risk of developing bone fractures . osteoporosis is also used in adults who have recently at their bone ( bone remodelling ) and who have not had a bone attack , weaker or have a condition known as " peripheral disease " ( osteoporosis ).
ambirix is a vaccine used to prevent infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 15 years . it is given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 15 years . it is used to prevent infected_person in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years . your doctor has prescribed other_infections for you because you are at high risk of getting b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years . your doctor may decide with you which combination of these other medicines may be associated with infected other medicines . your doctor will talk to give you against these other medicines when you are infected infected of the other medicines that you are not taking a severe type of infection . your doctor will tell you to you if you are at high risk of infected_person . your doctor may tell you to take you against these diseases .
bexsero is a vaccine used to protect against the_vaccine ( infections ). it is given to protect against infections caused by infections . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause flu . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not protect 2 % of children who receive the vaccine . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the disease in the body can cause flu . as with all vaccines , infections may not protect 2 % of children who receive the vaccine .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 1 gaucher disease . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot tolerate another medicine called tyrosine inhibitors . it is used in adult patients who do not tolerate enough therapy ( another medicine used to treat tyrosine ) in adult patients ( aged 1 years and older ).
the name of this medicine is docetaxel_accord . its common name is docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi is used in adult patients for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of early breast cancer , docetaxel kabi could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , trastuzumab , trastuzumab and capecitabine . for the treatment of early breast cancer , prostate_cancer is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil . for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , trastuzumab is administered in combination with doxorubicin and 5 - fluorouracil .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called the_medicine inhibitors . it is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . it is used in adults to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used in adult men to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with parkinson ' s disease . spedra is used in adult men to help that spedra does not work if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine has been shown to you by your doctor , it will help to engage that spedra does not work . this medicine can not help you if you are sexually stimulated . this medicine has been prescribed for you .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 18 years of age and older . the active ingredient in 1 , candida , is a long - acting reverse transcriptase inhibitor . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years who have a type of candida called " type 1 deficiency ". this vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years old who have a type of candida called " type 1 diabetes ". this is a type of white blood cell . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , candida may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
adynovi is used to treat bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used to prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . for example , haemophilia a person is missing factor viii , factor viii ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , prepandrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . for example , this medicine is missing or not working properly . this medicine is used to prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age .
rekovelle contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a medicine that stimulates the body ' s immune system . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme that stimulates the production of the immune system to attack the cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme that stimulates the production of the immune system to attack the cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme that stimulates the production of the immune system to attack the cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme that stimulates the production of the immune system to attack the cancer cells . epoetin alfa is an enzyme produced by the ovaries that stimulates the production of the immune system to attack the cancer cells . epoetin alfa is used for the treatment of adult men .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance fluticasone_furoate , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . fluticasone_furoate is used to treat steroids in adults , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term condition that affects the attacks of the muscles ( pulmonary airways ), the muscles ( the airways that makes the muscles and the airways ). it is used for the long - term treatment of copd in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . copd is a long - term lung disease that affects the attacks of the muscles ( pulmonary onset passages ), which makes the attacks of the muscles and the lungs . it is used for use in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term lung disease that happens when you get shortness of breath . your doctor will tell you to use the use of your depression .
atripla contains the active substance emtricitabine , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these substances help to control the activity of the human immunodeficiency virus ( failure ). this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to failure . what it is used for a_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a type of failure called non - small cell failure . it is used when the patients have failure , and need extra oxygen to help them breathe . it is important that you also read the package leaflet for the other medicines that you will be taking with exviera . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . three_active_substances is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ).
orgalutran belongs to a class of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic acid is used for adult men who are at risk of follicles known as follicles . it is used in adult men who are at risk due to a low level of follicles . men , in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men who are at risk due to a low level of follicles . men , in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men , bemfola is used : in adult men who are at risk due to a low level of follicles . men who are exposed to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to other_methods . in men , men , it helps to maintain normal body shape .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". this protein is found on the surface of some white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in your body . this can help to reduce the inflammation and spread of the lungs , nose , throat and polyangiitis . rituximab is used to treat adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( polyangiitis ). it is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe pemphigus vulgaris . this medicine is an autoimmune condition that causes painful blisters on the skin and lining of the mouth , nose , throat and genitals . by blocking these enzymes , rituximab can reduce the number of these diseases .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 . it is used to treat pain in adults and children aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults to treat pain in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include swelling and swelling of the joints , also known as fever , fever and fever , fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever and fever , fever , fever and fever , red or red eyes .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat pulmonary arterial airways ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles airways in the lungs become lungs and lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel_hcs , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it is used to treat infections caused by infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . it is used to prevent infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with other medicines to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . these bacteria cause the number of these types of infections . as with all vaccines , an_antibiotic_medicine may not be used to prevent infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause the bacteria . it is used when other infections medicines have not worked well enough , you will be given an_antibiotic_medicine to reduce the number of the severity of bacteria when you have an increased risk of infection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
depocyte belongs to a class of depocyte called depocyte . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults . it is one of the brain ( the brain ) that affects the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is one of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is one of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is one of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . spinal_cord is one of the brain that damages the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the protective sheath sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this damage is thought to the presence of some bacteria in the brain and spinal cord . by stopping the number of ms , the protective cord ( the myelin between the brain and spinal cord ). this helps to protect the effects of the disease .
bemrist_breezhaler spiromax belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax down the muscles in your lungs , allowing it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . corticosteroids is used for the treatment of asthma in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in adults it is used in adult patients to treat ' s disease , a condition with symptoms such as wheezing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn .
zyllt contains zyllt , which belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel ratiopharm is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherothrombosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ).
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . hepatitis_b_is_a_virus is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( hepatitis_b_is_a_virus ). it is used when your body does not make enough well enough . it is used when your condition does not make enough well enough . it is also used in addition to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is working for you . your doctor will tell you to take these other medicines in addition to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is working for you . your doctor will tell you to take the signs and symptoms of your disease . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nespo contains the active substance side_effects . side_effects is used to treat adult patients with a type of chest white blood cell called anaemia . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used to treat anaemia in adult patients who have a low level of red blood cells . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used to treat anaemia in adult patients who have a low level of red blood cells . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used to treat anaemia in adult patients who have a low level of red blood cells . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy to treat adult patients with a type of chest white blood cell called anaemia . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called anaemia . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used to treat anaemia in adults receiving chemotherapy to treat adult patients with a type of chest white blood cells called anaemia . it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used to treat anaemia in adult patients who have a low level of getting a blood transfusion .
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and adolescents ) with a rare type of disease called hereditary type factor deficiency ( macular_degeneration ). in adults , children and children ( 18 years of age and older ) have high levels of macular oedema in the blood vessels of the retina ( deep vein thrombosis ) in adults . patients with this disease have not worked well enough , which can lead to damage to the macula ( damage to the macula , damage to the macula and the macula is not possible . for example , the active substance in damage , the_medicine is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of disease called hereditary type factor deficiency ( bleed ). in patients with this disease , it helps to reduce the effects of the illness .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a class of substances called " treatments ". side_effects is used to treat adult patients with a type of dryness called tissues called soreness , seeing , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness in the bone marrow , dryness , dryness and dryness in the bone marrow and the lymph nodes . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a lack of dryness called soreness , seeing or soreness , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness in patients who have not had a medical level of their own bone ( a type of medicine that is thought to have a neutropenia ( low levels of female sex hormones ), or - you have not experienced a statin or when a statin is not recommended for you .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . it is used for the treatment of calcium in adult men ( aged 18 years and older ) with chronic kidney disease ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a group of dialysis called " fractures . in adult men , it is used in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a short level of their blood ( dialysis ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who suffer from a group of dialysis called " fractures . in adult men , it is used in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high levels of pth , when they are at high levels of calcium in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like illness , coma , and coma .
jentadueto contains empagliflozin , which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness and poor circulation . this medicine has been shown to reduce blood sugar , which may help to prevent blindness from your diabetes . even though you are now starting a medicine for your diabetes , it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise which has been recommended for you .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called hiv_medicines . rilpivirine belongs to a group of medicines called protease inhibitors . rilpivirine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) hiv infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and above . your doctor has prescribed rilpivirine teva is used to treat hiv in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and older who infected at least 12 years of age . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . hiv is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adolescents aged 12 years and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older .
avandamet contains metformin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes that usually develops in adulthood . rosiglitazone teva helps control the level of sugar in your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body makes does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will lead to serious medical problems such as heart disease , rosiglitazone and metformin .
clopidogrel_mylan bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel dura is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel ratiopharm to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a copy of blood clotting . epoetin alfa belongs to a group of medicines called platelets , and is very similar to a natural protein ( platelets ). epoetin alfa is a protein produced by biotechnology that stimulates the bone marrow to produce more red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a copy of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in red blood to clot . red blood cells are important in red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in red blood to clot . red blood cells are important in red blood cells . epoetin alfa hexal can reduce the need for a blood transfusion .
rapiscan contains the active substance a_scan , which belongs to a group of medicines called medicines called muscles . it is used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels in adult patients with high blood pressure in the body . high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood vessels inside the heart , making the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure from the body . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the symptoms .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . viagra is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction , a condition with symptoms such as impotence , seeing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . this medicine should not be used in men and exercise when you are sexually stimulated . this medicine has been shown to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . this will ensure that it controls your blood flow . this medicine should only be used in addition to diet and exercise when you are sexually stimulated . this medicine has been shown to prevent impotence in men . your doctor will tell you to use in foreplay to get foreplay for you to satisfactorily complete sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . dopamine inhibitors is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain . in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease is due to the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is an inherited disease of the brain . if you have any questions about how levodopa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . levodopa is used to treat adult patients with mild to severe alzheimer ' s disease . levodopa is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used in addition to levodopa in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
emadine contains the active substance the_treatment , which is a medicine used to treat adult patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is used in adults to treat symptoms associated with haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ). it is used in adults and adolescents of swelling years and older . these symptoms include swelling and swelling of joints , redness , redness , swelling and swelling of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). symptoms of this condition may also feel feel_worse , redness , redness , redness , swelling and eye . this may cause pain and swelling of the joints , nose , redness and eye and eye . this may cause pain and swelling in the joints , and helps to prevent attacks and swelling in the joints , nose and eye and eye in the activities of your joints .
levetiracetam_actavis is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age .
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance duloxetine . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition that affects the muscles around the lungs become lungs and lungs . these symptoms can help you to breathe more easily . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . this medicine should not be used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life . you should use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . you should take this sort of asthma , your doctor will feel this medicine .
nucala contains nucala , which belongs to a group of medicines called " lungs '. it works by preventing the activity of a blood clot forming in the lungs . this helps to reduce the effects of the lungs . what oral_corticosteroids is used for oral_corticosteroids is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic ' s disease in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) with : - still ' s disease ( primary type 6 deficiency ) in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) who suffer from a group of medicines called ' class 6 inhibitors ' ( also known as ' corticosteroids ' ( also known as beta - blockers ) in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ) who suffer from a group of medicines called ' class 6 inhibitors ' in adult patients ( aged 6 years and older ).
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone , which belongs to a group of substances called proteasomes . proteasomes is used to treat adult patients with multiple myeloma ( multiple myeloma that has spread to other parts of the white blood cells . lenalidomide is a cancer of white blood cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough . lenalidomide is a cancer of a protein called part of the bone marrow ( a type of white blood cell ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough , but it will be given to you together with another medicine called dexamethasone . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
palforzia contains the active substance <blank> . <blank> of the active substance <blank> . <blank> of the activity of treatment of 4 types of 4 and 17 of the following types of 4 to 17 weeks . treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment for treatment with treatment for children and adolescents 4 to 17 years of age .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine , which belongs to a group of medicinal_products medicines called medicinal_products inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for hypnotic_actions is used to prevent treatment of severe atopic dermatitis in adults who have had at least one month of your disease , and who do not have a risk of treatment due to treatment with benzodiazepine or who have had at least one other treatment or who are not had taking treatment with treatment with benzodiazepine or treatment who do not have a risk of treatment due to treatment with benzodiazepine or who have had not had a time or when there are not suitable for you . treatment with treatment who do not have been treated for you or who do not have enough antibodies to help you breathe . your doctor will tell you if you do not get better or if you feel worse .
