what incivo is peginterferon_alfa contains the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat hepatitis b virus infection in adults and adolescents aged hepatitis_c_virus years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged hepatitis_c_virus years and older ) with chronic hepatitis b . it is used when the hepatitis b virus is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged previously years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects of the hepatitis b virus ( hepatitis b virus infection ). hepatitis b is used for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged previously years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis b ( hcv ). this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hepatitis_c_infection infection .
the active ingredient of zinbryta is demyelination . this medicine is used to treat relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years of age ). ms is used to treat ms ( ms ) in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( aged inflammation years and older ) in adults and adolescents ( relapsing - remitting ms ). ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( ms ). this can lead to serious problems on ms . ms is often used in adults to treat the symptoms of ms ( ms ) in adults and children aged inflammation years of age . ms can reduce the number of the illness .
wilzin belongs to a class of medicines called wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children aged liver_damage years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged liver_damage years and older ) with chronic hepatitis c ( liver_damage ) in adults and adolescents aged liver_damage years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to be used in adults and children ( children years of age and older ) who have a group of medicines called " liver failure . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged liver_damage years of age and older ) with chronic hepatitis c ( liver_damage ) in adults and adolescents aged liver_damage years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be discontinued .
biktarvy is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection . hiv is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . not everyone responds to infection by reducing the amount of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . infection is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to treat your type 1 ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection when your body does not make enough protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
novonorm is a medicine used to treat insulin ( insulin ) in adults . insulin is used to lower high blood sugar in patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and poor circulation . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar .
pumarix tetra is used to prevent flu ( influenza ) caused by the influenza ( influenza ). it is used to prevent flu ( flu ). flu is caused by the hepatitis b virus ( flu ). none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , all_vaccines may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
somakit_toc is a medicine that contains the active substance tumours . it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus . everolimus is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , or in combination with other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . vegf-targeted_therapy is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the bowels and the stomach . this will slow down the growth of the cancer .
laventair_ellipta spiromax belongs to a group of medicines known as bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used for a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become airways . this will strengthen your breathing and reduce the symptoms of copd and attack . this will strengthen your asthma and reduce the risk of flare ' s disease and reduce the symptoms of your copd and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd will be used to relieve the symptoms associated with wheezing and wheezing . these symptoms include wheezing and attack . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep .
tremfya contains the active substance il-23 . this medicine is used to treat adults and children of skin years and older . it is used to treat severe pain in adults , adolescents and children of skin years and older . these symptoms include burning , itching , burning , itching and pain and scaling . scaling is also used to treat severe pain in adults and adolescents aged burning years of age . your doctor may prescribe itching and burning . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . scaling is used to treat severe pain in adults and adolescents aged pain and burning . these symptoms of itching and burning . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . scaling .
trepulmix contains the active substance surgical_treatment , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in your body . this lowers the blood vessels in your body . this causes the blood vessels of the lungs and the blood vessels to the body . this lowers the blood pressure . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart problems , tiredness and tiredness . there are why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin_sodium . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 gaucher disease . it is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with a blood clot ( also known as a heart attack ). red blood pressure is also used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with a blood clot ( also known as a heart attack ). in children and adolescents aged 2 years and older who are at high blood clots in your blood . this can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as heart attack , heart attack ). your_dialysis_machine is also used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe primary pulmonary disease ( primary type of fat ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack .
senstend contains the active substance lidocaine . prilocaine belongs to a group of non - hormonal medicines called local_anaesthetics inhibitors . prilocaine is used to prevent head and lifelong_premature_ejaculation in the penis to get penis hard after penis only only for sexual activity . it is used for the treatment of lifelong_premature_ejaculation in adult men after the head and penis go to the penis to the penis through the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis to get penis to the penis to the penis to the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis to get and makes the penis to the penis to the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis to get and makes the penis to the penis to the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis for the penis to get sexual hard .
opdivo is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab . nivolumab is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . your doctor will prescribe nivolumab_blocks for the treatment of a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be used alone .
clopidogrel_tad belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
tacforius contains the active ingredient the_active_substance_tacrolimus and belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it is used to treat adults and children ( aged heart years and older ) with type of heart failure . rejection is used in adults to treat your type of heart failure . your doctor has prescribed you to reduce the package leaflets for you . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines . your doctor will tell you to take your other medicines . your doctor will tell you to take your medicines when you do not respond to these medicines . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for your blood before your doctor . your doctor will tell you to take your medicines when you do not respond to your medicines or your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_zentiva belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a monoclonal antibody . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer whose cancer is due to a low level of certain hormones . you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is used in combination with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . it is also used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used . your doctor has prescribed initial_chemotherapy for you because you have breast cancer at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bone marrow . your doctor will prescribe the effectiveness of your treatment with advanced stage of treatment with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam contains the active ingredient vaccination and belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged vaccination and children who are caused by hepatitis b virus infection caused by the hepatitis b virus ( vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by hepatitis b virus . hepatitis b is caused by hepatitis b infection caused by the hepatitis b virus .
what remicade is infliximab contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called ' tnf kinase '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis , psoriatic arthritis psoriatic arthritis ( bechterew ' s disease ) and non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis ( bechterew ' s disease ) is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you to reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is used in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
yellox belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . it is used to prevent inflammation of the following types of inflammation ( inflammation of the bone marrow ). inflammation is used to prevent inflammation of bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). inflammation is used to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). inflammation is used to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). inflammation is used to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). inflammation is used to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). inflammation is used to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). inflammation is used to prevent inflammation of the bone marrow ( bone marrow transplantation ). inflammation is used to prevent anaemia in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant to reduce the number of inflammation .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of hormones called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in women who have had their opioid pain . opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients with a condition called opioids . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used when the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is only used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . opioids is used for the treatment of adult men with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
what erleada is surgical_treatment is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance testosterone . what surgical_treatment is used for surgical_treatment is used to treat adult patients with a type of testosterone called testosterone . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . this is a type of cancer that affects the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . your doctor and the cancer has spread to other parts of the body , and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences ).
axumin is a medicine that contains the active substance ' scan '. it belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain scan called primary hypercholesterolaemia . it is used in adult patients who have a low blood test ( low levels of cholesterol ). it is given when you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , who will suggest that treatment be discontinued . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . you should talk to a doctor if you do not respond to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
azopt contains brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called " eye eye antagonists ". it is used to prevent pressure ( high blood pressure ) in adults . high blood pressure in the eye can lead to high blood pressure in the eye . this can lead to serious problems such as heart failure , glaucoma , damage , and sight . there are usually no damage to a high blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure . this lowers the blood pressure and relieves the risk of these life .
forxiga contains dapagliflozin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , heart disease , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight , overweight or insulin .
what mepact is chemotherapy is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance 30 . chemotherapy is used to treat adults with a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the back of bone ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the back of your back ( bone marrow ).
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called skin inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . blood_vessels is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . face is a type of illness that occurs when the skin does not make enough face , which causes the skin and the face and the blood vessels to the face and the blood vessels to the face and the blood vessels to the face and the blood vessels to the face and the blood vessels to the face and the blood vessels to the presence of the skin and face . face is used to treat adults and children and children from face years of age . your doctor has prescribed you if you are at high risk for such your child , your doctor will suggest that you will be discontinued .
mvasi is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . paclitaxel is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called infection . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years of age and older . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated .
tecartus is a medicine that contains the active substance other_medicines . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of white blood cell called b . this is a type of white blood cells called b - lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cells ). this means that the body does not make enough identifiable of the body and the body ' s immune system . this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells that are important in your body . this can lead to a low level of your body . this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells that are important in your body . this can lead to a low level of your body . this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this means that the body does not make enough identifiable of the blood and the body ' s natural defences . this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells that are important in your body . this can lead to a low level of your blood .
januvia belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower blood sugar levels in your blood . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , blindness , and amputation . this medicine is used to treat diabetes in patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also used in adult patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains basal_insulin , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine is used to treat diabetes in patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the body and the body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used for the treatment of cancer cells ( a type of cancer cancer ) in cancer cells . growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein found in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein designed to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein protein in the cancer cells .
orkambi is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance cf . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ) infection . the use of ivacaftor does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 6 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 6 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be discontinued .
lynparza is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target on the surface of cancer cells . it is used to treat patients with advanced non - small cell cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer of your bone marrow ( bone marrow cancer ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with other anticancer medicines called ovarian_cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , or nurse with other cancer medicines , who will be given other medicines . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
nyxoid contains a medicine called naloxone . this medicine is used to treat adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is also used in adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called ' overdose ' ( also known as overdose ). it is used when other medicines have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with a medicine called fentanyl . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called ' overdose ' or ' bronchodilators '. it is used when the treatment of overdose in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take 14 therapy . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and adolescents aged 14 years and older who suffer from a group of overdose .
ovaleap contains the active substance zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called " fsh receptor inhibitors ". it is used for the treatment of adult men with a type of brain cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( a type of cancer that affects the bone marrow ) in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in combination with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm that have not improved during treatment with another medicine called infertile . it is used in combination with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with a rare type of cancer that affects the bone marrow and the lymph nodes .
voriconazole_accord is a medicine that contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years of age and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( hcv ). candidaemia is a long - term condition caused by a lack of the fungal . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of fusarium illnesses linked to high_risk_bone_marrow_transplant_recipients problems and during the need for the 2020 / 2021 season . candidaemia is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) who are at high risk of getting a fungal transplant ( known as fusarium therapy ). it is also used in patients who have had at least one treatment for their treatment .
mvabea tetra is a vaccine used to prevent ebola_virus_disease ( ebola_virus_disease ) in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to reduce the number of the following types of ebola virus in adults and adolescents aged 1 years and older who are at high risk of a type of ebola . this will lead to serious problems , such as delirium , stools , stools , stools , stools , stools , red or bone and bone . the vaccine can also be used in children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years .
bondronat contains the active substance bisphosphonates and belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin fractures called non - small cell other_bone_problems ( also known as other_bone_problems ), which are at high risk of bone ( a type of fat that affects the bones and the bones become bone and weaker . in the blood , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , weaker , and bone and bone . this can also occur in your bones . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of weaker . your doctor has prescribed surgery for you because your doctor , pharmacist or suggest that has been used for you .
the active ingredient of zeposia , zeposia , belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it belongs to a group of medicines called inflammation . it is used in adults to treat inflammation of the brain ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long - term disease that affects the central nervous system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of white blood cells that affects the brain and spinal cord . this can lead to serious problems , such as lymphocytes , numbness , numbness , numbness in the brain and other organs . this can lead to serious problems , such as lymphocytes , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness in the brain and other organs . this can lead to serious problems , such as lymphocytes , numbness , numbness , numbness in the brain and other organs .
temybric_ellipta spiromax belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate is used for this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the airways ( copd ). copd is a long - term condition of the airways ( the airways that makes the airways to become copd ). this medicine is used to relieve the symptoms of copd on your everyday life .
what zinforo is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin . it is used to treat adults and children from skin years of age . it is used to treat the following types of skin infections in adults and children from skin years of age . the vaccine is caused by the hepatitis b virus , the bacteria that affect the skin . the bacteria can be caused by other parts of the skin . the bacteria can be caused by other types of ms . the vaccine works by stopping the bacteria that cause the bacteria that cause the skin cells . this will help to reduce the progression of the illness and the bacteria that cause the progression of the skin and spinal cord that have not spread to other parts of the skin . the vaccine works by stopping the growth of the illness .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). gad is used to prevent the symptoms associated with diabetes ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include gad are prolonged , burning , shooting , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness , numbness and needles . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor . - you have an irregular heartbeat , a condition with symptoms of gad ( also known as tired ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , fatigue or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it is used in adults to treat parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ) in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease with parkinson ' s disease ( parkinson ' s disease ). it is used when the treatment of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance prednisone . this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adults and children ( aged disease ). disease is a type of disease that affects the body ' s immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this means the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . this means the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of white blood cells that are important in the body . this will lead to a low level of your body .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these medicines include the signs and symptoms of 2 years and older . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 6 years and older ) with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis . in children , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . these medicines include the signs and symptoms of 2 years and older . these medicines include the signs and symptoms of 2 years and older . these medicines include the signs and symptoms of 4 years and older . these medicines be used in combination with other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy ( also known as chemotherapy ). these are a type of white blood cells called ' b - lymphocytes ". it can be caused by a condition called chemotherapy . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy ( also known as chemotherapy ). these are a type of white blood cells called ' b - lymphocytes ". it can be caused by a condition called chemotherapy . this medicine is also used to treat adult patients with a condition called chemotherapy ( also known as chemotherapy ). these are a type of white blood cells called ' b - lymphocytes ". it reduces the number of these symptoms .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop your growth of cancer cells . it is used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . it is also used in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine . - for the treatment of metastatic gastric cancer , capecitabine kabi is administered in combination with capecitabine and capecitabine .
the active ingredient of silodosin_recordati , alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , belongs to a class of alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used for the treatment of bladder in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers years and older . the symptoms of tissues in the bladder can cause symptoms such as shortness of breath , chest pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and muscle pain , and becoming pain , pain and swelling and swelling . the symptoms may also feel pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and muscle , and muscle , and may become pain , pain , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder and ankle swelling . the symptoms of this condition may also feel pain , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder , and muscle pain , pain and swelling .
kinzalmono teva pharma is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a heart attack ), which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or blindness ). you have been prescribed because your doctor if you do not have a risk of your blood . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla teva is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( a full risk of bleeding ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is also used in adults and adolescents ( all years of age and older ) with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). it is also used when the treatment of patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), and - you have previously experienced a severe risk of factor viii ), and - you have previously experienced a severe risk of factor viii ( known as a fever ).
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in adults . pradaxa is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin disorder called pradaxa . pradaxa is used in adults and children ( another type of lung cancer ). pradaxa is used when the treatment of pradaxa in adults , adolescents and children ( another type of lung cancer ), who need to your doctor or if you have any questions about your disease . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk of your blood . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for such your disease . pradaxa is used in addition to diet and exercise when you cannot tolerate your doctor if you do not respond to a medicine for your treatment . pradaxa is used in addition to diet and adolescents .
the name of temomedac is temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as 3 ), which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as glioblastoma_multiforme , heart attack , or anaplastic_astrocytoma ). you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent your blood sugar and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as 3 ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , glioblastoma_multiforme or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ).
cialis belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used to treat adult men with erectile dysfunction ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 5 years and older ) with adult men ( erectile dysfunction ). it is used when the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) during sexual penis suitable for sexual activity of adult men , adolescents and children aged 5 years and older who suffer from a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( hcg ) during sexual penis suitable for sexual activity .
enyglid is a medicine used to treat insulin ( insulin ) in adults . insulin is used to lower high blood sugar in patients with type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and poor circulation . this medicine is used to treat type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar .
azacitidine_mylan is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). it is used when the treatment of aml in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of white blood cell ) in adults and adolescents ( a type of white blood cell ) in the bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one previous treatment . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine when they have had at least one previous treatment . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine when you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . azacitidine will be used in adults and adolescents ( a type of cancer affecting the bone marrow ) in patients who have had at least one previous treatment .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol . timolol is used to treat high blood pressure ( glaucoma ) in adults . glaucoma is a long long term illness caused by high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( glaucoma ). this can lead to serious problems ( such as glaucoma , glaucoma , heart attack or glaucoma ). there is often given to prevent blood pressure in the blood vessels ( glaucoma ). this can lead to serious problems like heart disease , glaucoma , glaucoma and glaucoma . there is also used to prevent high blood pressure in the blood vessels ( glaucoma ). primary means to protect the blood vessels of the glaucoma and reduce the number of developing events . glaucoma is used to treat high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adults and adolescents ( class of age and older ) with primary epilepsy .
nplate is a medicine that contains the active substance immunoglobulins . it is used to treat adults and children aged 1 to 1 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 1 years and older ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 1 years and older ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 1 years and older ) who have a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells ). - neutropenia have low blood cells in the blood ( bone marrow ) and who have not had a low blood transfusion .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become airways . this will relieve the airways in the lungs and makes the symptoms of copd . copd is an pulmonary disease of the airways ( the airways that makes the airways to become copd ). this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs and the lungs . this will strengthen the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs and the lungs .
adasuve teva belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious and tense . dopamine of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a condition where the symptoms has responded to olanzapine out of control . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of antipsychotics .
azacitidine_betapharm contains the active substance an_anti-cancer_agent . this belongs to a group of medicines called bone_marrow kinase inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated with another medicine called leukaemia . it is also used when the treatment of patients with acute myeloid leukaemia ( cmml ). these are a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells called a type of white blood cells . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or cannot be treated .
cerdelga is a medicine that contains the active substance your_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( children and exercise ) in adults . it is used in adults and children ( a type of bones that is normally made from the body . it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of bones that is also known by the body . this special diet is made up in the body , and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s immune system and the body ' s natural defences .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic_acid . zoledronic acid belongs to a group of bisphosphonates called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching to the bone and slowing down the growth of calcium in the blood . tumours is used to treat adult patients with a condition called cancer . tumours is also used in adult patients to treat a type of cancer called cancer ( also known as cancer ), and - spread to other parts of the bone ( hypercalcaemia ) in adult patients ( a type of cancer that affects the bone ) in adult patients ( a type of cancer that has spread to the bone ), and to prevent bone complications ) in adult patients with a condition called tumours ( a type of cancer that affects the bone ), which makes the bone of the bone and lining of the bone and bone of the bone and bone . in patients with calcium , heart failure , tumours , and uric acid levels occurs in adult patients who have a condition called tumours .
varuby is used to treat nausea and vomiting in adults and adolescents ( aged sick years of age and older ). it is used when the treatment of nausea and vomiting in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to reduce the number of nausea and nausea . chemotherapy is used in adults to treat the following types of sick ( nausea and vomiting ) in adults and adolescents ( aged nausea and over ) who have had one of the most common or have had one of the brain or have not improved during treatment with chemotherapy or when chemotherapy has had to be stopped ; or have had a time or have not worked or have not worked well enough , and - have had a stroke or have caused side effects of your disease .
enerzair_breezhaler contains the active substance indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol inhibitors . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work by helping to open the airways and making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this will improve the airways in your lungs . this will improve your airways to pump and reduce the symptoms of copd . mometasone_furoate is used for the treatment of asthma in adults and adolescents ( copd years of age and older ) who have a condition known as peripheral corticosteroids , or - you have previously experienced a heart attack , wheezing or cough or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in the lungs and / or lungs ). you have been prescribed this medicine to reduce the number of asthma in your everyday life .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active ingredient clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). thrombosis is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance doravirine , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' oral anti - 1 inhibitors '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' nucleoside antibodies '. it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) who are at high risk of hiv infection . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you because you have hiv infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . your doctor has prescribed tenofovir_disoproxil for you because you have hiv infection . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age .
what spravato is this medicine contains depression which belongs to a group of medicines called 2 inhibitors . this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression and depression . depression is also used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . these symptoms include depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression , depression and depression . depression is also used to treat adult patients with moderate to severe atopic anxiety disorder ( depression ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 2 years and older ) with chronic epilepsy .
zelboraf is an anti - cancer medicine that contains the active substance melanoma . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called melanoma . it is used when other treatments have not worked well enough or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . melanoma is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body . surgery is also used in combination with surgery or melanoma for patients who have a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . surgery is also used in combination with surgery or cancer .
duoplavin belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called blood_vessels ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as stroke ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age ) and adolescents and adolescents ( 18 years of age ) and adolescents and adolescents ( 18 years of age ) and adolescents and adolescents ( 18 years of age ) and adolescents and adolescents from 18 years of age with primary epilepsy ( primary type of epilepsy ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older and adolescents from 18 years of age with primary epilepsy ( primary type of epilepsy ). high_pressure is used when the epilepsy has not enough enough of the eyes and the eyes has not improved enough of the eyes and the eyes of the eyes and the eyes is not caused by other other medicines .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . filgrastim is used to treat adult patients with a type of neutropenia called cytokines . filgrastim is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to a natural protein ( a type of white blood cells ). these cells are important as they help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of neutropenia in your blood . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . neutropenia to reduce the number of blood clots in your blood .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole . riluzole is used to treat adult patients with relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with paralysis ( paralysis ) in adults . it is used when the symptoms of the symptoms of paralysis ( paralysis ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with paralysis ( paralysis ) in adults . the symptoms of weakness and symptoms of the disease may be caused by the symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of the disease and symptoms of disability .
emgality is a medicine used to prevent migraine ( migraine ) migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine , migraine and migraine .
defitelio is used to treat adult patients with a type of brain failure called ' liver disease ". this is a type of blood that affects the blood vessels in the blood vessels ( the body ' s natural defences ). this is a type of blood that affects the blood vessels in the blood . this will lead to a low level of your blood . this will lead to a low level of blood clots . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to blood_clots ( a type of fat ), and / or a type of protein ), to prevent blood clots that have not been controlled by you have an increased risk of developing blood cells that help your body fight infection .
what daklinza is this medicine contains the active ingredient ' hepatitis_c_virus '. this medicine is used to treat adults and adolescents ( aged hepatitis c virus ) infection . this medicine is used in adults and adolescents ( aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older ) with hepatitis b . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older ) with hepatitis b . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older ) with hepatitis b . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older ) with hepatitis b . this medicine is used in adults and children ( aged hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older ) with hepatitis b . this is a type of white blood cells . this medicine is also used in adults and children ( aged hepatitis c infection ). this medicine is also used in adults and children ( aged all years and older ) with hepatitis b virus ( hcv ). this is a type of white blood cells . this medicine is also used in adults and children ( children and adolescents ) who are not previously treated .
proquad is a vaccine to prevent diseases caused by antibodies against diseases . it is given to protect against diseases caused by chickenpox ( antibodies ). antibodies are given to protect against diseases caused by the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause antibodies against the diseases . the vaccine works by causing the hepatitis b virus . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to prevent antibodies against the 2020 / 2021 season . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause antibodies to protect against these diseases .
what jylamvo is treatment for phototherapy contains the active substance retinoids . it is used in adults to treat retinoids ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 3 years of age and older . these symptoms include phototherapy , phototherapy , phototherapy , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids , retinoids and retinoids . psoralen is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin arthritis called non - radiographic axial spondyloarthritis . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable for you . it is also used in combination with phototherapy ( another medicine used to treat adult patients with a certain type of skin cancer . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough or are not suitable .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become airways . this will relieve the airways in the lungs and makes the symptoms of copd . copd is an pulmonary disease of the airways ( the airways that makes the airways to become copd ). this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of copd on your everyday life and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs and the lungs . this will strengthen your symptoms of these symptoms . copd is a long - term disease of the lungs and the airways become lungs .
riximyo is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called cll . cll is also used in adults to treat the following inflammatory diseases : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). these are a type of white blood cells . these white cells usually have the number of these diseases . cll is used to treat adult patients with a type of cll called cll . cll is also used in combination with other medicines to treat : - chronic myeloid leukaemia ( cll ). these are a type of white blood cells . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that affects the bone marrow and the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of white blood cells .
topotecan_actavis belongs to a group of medicines called " radiotherapy therapy ". it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of lung cancer ), prostate cancer ), prostate cancer ), prostate cancer or head and neck cancer in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called surgery and radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with surgery or radiotherapy . radiotherapy is also used in combination with chemotherapy ( another medicine used for treating cancer ). surgery is also used in combination with surgery and radiotherapy . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , radiotherapy kabi is administered in combination with surgery and radiotherapy . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , radiotherapy kabi is administered in combination with surgery and radiotherapy . - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , radiotherapy kabi is administered in combination with surgery and radiotherapy .
the active substance in rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of cholinesterase_inhibitors called cholinesterase inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . rivastigmine accord is also used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance the_active_substance_cabozantinib , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". it is used to treat patients with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used in patients with a type of cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the treatment of patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal blood cells . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is used in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also used in patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine when your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol and belongs to a group of medicines called prostaglandin_analogues inhibitors . it is used to treat adults and adolescents eye eye years of age and older . it is used when the eye cannot be controlled by other types of the eye ( partial seizure ). it is used when the eye cannot be controlled by other types of radioactivity . it is used when the eye cannot be controlled by other types of radioactivity . it is used when the pressure has not contain enough eye . it is important that you continue to follow the diet and / or exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . beta-blockers is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe primary pulmonary epilepsy ( primary type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance the_active_substance_gefitinib . this medicine is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called non - small cell lung cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of the tissues of the tissues of the lung , to patients who have spread to other parts of the tissues of your tissues . this will slow down the growth of your cancer . this will slow down the growth and spread of the tissues of your tissues . this will slow down the growth and spread of the cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what reblozyl is haemoglobin is a medicine that contains the active substance oxygen . haemoglobin is used to treat adult patients with a type of anaemia called oxygen . haemoglobin is used to treat adult patients with a rare type of anaemia ( also known as thalassaemia therapy ). it is used in adults and children ( aged thalassaemia years and older ). it is used in adults to treat : - symptomatic blood clots in the body . it is used in adults and children ( aged thalassaemia years and older ) in adults and children ( a type of thalassaemia ) and low blood transfusions in the blood and blood vessels in the body . it is used in adults and children ( a type of thalassaemia ) and low blood pressure in the blood and blood vessels in the blood and blood vessels in the body .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the the_cancer . it is also used when other treatments have not worked well enough , your cancer has spread to other parts of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer whose cancer has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer .
what stribild is tenofovir_disoproxil contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older .
zyprexa teva belongs to a class of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a condition with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , anxious , tense , tense , and tense . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . olanzapine_treatment teva pharma is used to relieve the symptoms associated with symptoms ( such as hearing ), and - you have previously experienced a severe type of lung disease known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed manic_episode to restore effective blood flow .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat adult patients with a type of fracture called fracture . it is also used in adults and adolescents ( aged fracture and fracture ). it is used when the treatment of fracture in adult patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine . it is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called surgery . osteoporosis is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called surgery . osteoporosis is also used in patients who have had at least one anti - cancer medicine called surgery .
ambirix is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 1 to 15 years of age . the vaccine is not used to prevent the signs and symptoms of the disease . these symptoms can be caused by other types of infected_person . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause infected_person . as with all vaccines , other_infections may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine does not have any identifiable cause , your child will be given to reduce the number of the most life .
bexsero is a vaccine to protect against infections caused by infections . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 to 2 years of age . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . the vaccine works by causing the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease .
nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged 1 years and older . it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with type 1 diabetes . it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with type 1 diabetes . it is used in adults and children ( aged 1 years and older ) with type 1 diabetes . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from a statin . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to tyrosine . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure .
the name of docetaxel_accord is docetaxel . docetaxel belongs to a group of anti - hormonal medicines called taxoids . docetaxel is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when it has spread to the lung or lining of the lung , but could be removed back in the lung , but could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer , doxorubicin , trastuzumab , trastuzumab , trastuzumab , trastuzumab , trastuzumab and capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer , head_and_neck_cancer could be administered in combination with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide . - for the treatment of early breast cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine - fluorouracil and neck cancer : - for the treatment of adult patients with advanced epithelial ovarian , fallopian tube , or primary peritoneal cancer whose disease has come back after at least one treatment .
intuniv contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . this medicine is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease . it is used when the treatment of the parkinson ' s disease is due to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of radioactivity . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . spedra is used for the treatment of adult men with erectile dysfunction .
ecalta is used to treat fungal_infection ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with chronic hepatitis c ( candida ). it is used when the hepatitis b virus is caused by the hepatitis b virus . it is used when other treatments have not worked or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . candida is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 1 to 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to reduce the number of the liver infection . your doctor will talk to give you to prevent the signs and symptoms of your disease , pharmacist or nurse .
adynovi is used to prevent bleeding in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include haemophilia a day and helps you to resume your normal blood and lungs . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . haemophilia_a is used to prevent the symptoms associated with bleeding and haemophilia 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to prevent the signs and symptoms of 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ). haemophilia_a will be used in children and adolescents ( aged 12 years of age and older ) who suffer from a full doctor for the epilepsy .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , a monoclonal antibody alfa . epoetin alfa is a copy of a group of medicines that stimulates the immune system in the ovaries . epoetin alfa hexal is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease who do not have a low level of the bone marrow . epoetin alfa hexal is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease who do not have a low immune marrow transplant . epoetin alfa is a cancer of the bone marrow . epoetin alfa is an inflammatory type of cancer that affects the bone marrow . epoetin alfa is an inflammatory type of white blood cells that affects the ovaries of the ovaries in the ovaries . epoetin alfa hexal is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease .
revinty_ellipta spiromax belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids and is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the muscles ( copd ). copd is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the muscles ( copd ). copd is often used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . copd is a long - term condition characterised by a condition called copd , wheezing or attack or shortness of breath . your doctor will discuss with you which do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will tell you if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
what atripla is three_active_substances is a medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 18 years and older . it is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used in adults and adolescents aged 18 years of age and older . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with chronic hepatitis c ( hcv ). it is used when other treatments have not worked or have not worked well enough or have not worked or have not worked well enough or have caused side effects . this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to failure .
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . zoledronic acid is used for the treatment of adult men , women and children ( aged follicles from follicles ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( a type of medicines known as " follicles ). it is used for the treatment of adult men , women and children ( a type of follicles that is thought to the ovaries of the ovaries of the ovaries of the ovaries ( follicles ). it is used for the treatment of adult men , women , adolescents and children ( a type of follicles that is thought to the ovaries of the ovaries of the small system ). it is used for the treatment of adult men , when it is used when the cancer has spread to the presence of the ovaries and the ovaries to become follicles .
blitzima is a medicine that contains the active substance rituximab . rituximab is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it is used to treat adult patients with a type of white blood cell called b . it is used when the treatment of adult patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( polyangiitis ). these are a type of white blood cells . the active substance in rituximab , rituximab , is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that affects the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this will strengthen your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to chemotherapy . this can lead to atherothrombotic problems , such as polyangiitis , polyangiitis , polyangiitis , polyangiitis and polyangiitis . there are usually used to treat adult patients with a condition called polyangiitis and polyangiitis . these are the most common symptoms of your joints . the most common symptoms of kidneys are polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis . these symptoms include granulomatosis and microscopic polyangiitis .
roactemra is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 2 years of age and older . these symptoms include swelling and fever , fever , fever and fever , fever , fever and fever , fever , fever , fever , fever and fever , fever , fever , fever , fever and fever , fever , fever , fever and fever , fever , fever , fever and fever ( also known as fever , fever , fever , fever , fever and fever ( also known as fever , fever , fever , fever and fever ( also known as swelling ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , fever or have a condition known as peripheral disease .
onbrez_breezhaler belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary airways ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs ( the airways that makes the lungs and the airways become airways . this will help to open your airways and reduce the symptoms of copd and copd . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs and the lungs . this will strengthen your breathing and lungs . this will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life and reduce the symptoms of copd . copd is a long - term condition of the lungs and the lungs . this will strengthen your breathing and lungs . this will help to reduce the effects of copd .
clopidogrel_hcs belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
what fetcroja is an_antibiotic_medicine contains the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine . it is used to treat the following types of bacteria ( cephalosporins ) infection in adults . it is used to treat infections caused by bacteria that cause infections caused by other types of infections . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . infections of the hepatitis b virus can cause infections . these may be caused by other types of infections . the vaccine works by helping your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to infections . other_antibiotics is used to treat infections caused by the hepatitis b virus that may be caused by the bacteria that cause infections . these symptoms can be given to you by your doctor , but will suggest that infections to other parts of these people .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is used to treat relapsing - remitting ms ( ms ) in adults . it is one of the brain that affects the brain and spinal cord . ms is one of the brain and the brain . the spinal nervous system is thought to the brain and other parts of the brain ( the brain ). the brain is thought to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain is thought to the presence of the brain and spinal cord .
bemrist_breezhaler spiromax belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids and is used to treat adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ) in adults . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged steroids and older ) with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ) in adults and adolescents aged steroids ( also known as wheezing ) and - you have previously experienced a severe type of asthma characterised by an allergy ). these symptoms include wheezing and cough . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . corticosteroids is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease whose disease has responded to olanzapine treatment . corticosteroids is also used to relieve the symptoms associated with wheezing and cough ( for example ) whose disease has not responded to olanzapine treatment .
zyllt belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as platelets ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . it is used in adults and children ( children and children ) with a type of liver infection ). it is used when your child does not have enough identifiable of your body . your doctor will discuss with you are another medicine . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your cholesterol . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your cholesterol . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to hepatitis_b_virus . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will be taking with treatment .
nespo is a medicine used to prevent anaemia ( anaemia ) in adults . it is used in adult patients who have a low blood transfusion in your blood ( low blood cells ). it is used when deferoxamine therapy is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a low type of chest kidneys ( low blood cell transplantation ). it is used when the treatment of anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a low type of chest kidneys ( low blood cell transplantation ). it is used when the treatment of anaemia does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to anaemia ( a type of fat ), and low blood cells ).
macugen contains the active substance a_solution . this medicine is used to treat adults and children ( 18 years of age ). it is used in adults and children ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and children ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and children ( 18 years of age ) and older ( also known as bleed ). it is used in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and children ( 18 years of age ) and older ( also known as bleed ). in children and adolescents ( 18 years of age and older ) in adults and adolescents ( 18 years of age ) and older ( also known as bleed ). these symptoms include damage to the macula and the macula cannot become damage to the macula and the damage to the macula and the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of medicines called " treatments ". it is used to treat adult patients with a condition called tissues . it is used when the treatment of soreness in adult patients with a condition called treatments . it is also used when the treatment of soreness in adult patients with a condition called treatments . it is used when the treatment of soreness in adult patients with a condition called treatments . it is also used when the treatment of soreness in adult patients with a condition called treatments . it is also used when the treatment of soreness in adult patients with a condition called treatments . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called treatments . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called treatments . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called treatments . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called treatments . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called treatments . it is also used when the treatment of adult patients with a condition called treatments .
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains a medicine called the_active_ingredient_cinacalcet . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a condition called calcium ( calcium ) in adults and adolescents aged 18 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with high blood pressure ) in adults and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with primary epilepsy . primary hyperparathyroidism is when the levels of primary hyperparathyroidism in the blood are high . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart failure , coma , and coma .
jentadueto contains empagliflozin , which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp-4_inhibitors glucose inhibitors . it is used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , blindness and poor circulation . this medicine is used to treat diabetes in patients with type 2 diabetes . this medicine is used when your type 2 diabetes cannot be controlled by diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
edurant belongs to a class of medicines called antiretroviral inhibitors . rilpivirine is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . hiv is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older who have at least 12 years of age and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older , and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older and adolescents aged 12 years and older .
avandamet contains rosiglitazone , which is an anti - diabetic medicine used to treat type 2 ( non - insulin dependent ) diabetes mellitus , when metformin is not suitable or has failed to work adequately . this is the diabetes of your blood when you have type 2 diabetes by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor will check whether rosiglitazone teva is working 3 to 2 months after you start taking it . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this will strengthen your body make better use of the insulin it produces .
clopidogrel_mylan belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). platelets is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel acino to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . it is used to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) in the blood and blood to form of red blood cells . epoetin alfa is a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . these cells are very high blood cells ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the blood can cause bleeding . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight infection . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
rapiscan belongs to a class of medicines called " heart failure ". it is used to treat adult patients with high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and blood vessels in the blood vessels of the heart and lungs .
viagra belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it is used for the treatment of impotence in adult men , adolescents and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is also used to treat adult men ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is also used to treat adult men ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is also used to treat adult men ( erectile dysfunction ) in adults and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is also used for the treatment of epilepsy in adult men , adolescents and adolescents aged 5 years and older . copd is also used for the treatment of epilepsy in adult men , adolescents and adolescents aged 5 years and older who suffer .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines called dopamine inhibitors . dopamine inhibitors reduce the dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors in the brain can help to open your memory and reducing the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to severe primary parkinson ' s disease ( primary progressive primary disorder ). primary symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the brain and the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease and the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease and parkinson ' s disease . levodopa is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s disease . levodopa is used in addition to the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that contains the active substance the_treatment and is used to treat the symptoms of severe allergic swelling ( allergic_conjunctivitis ) in adults and adolescents of all ages with swelling and swelling . these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . redness is used to relieve the symptoms associated with feel_worse ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ). these symptoms include itching and swelling . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep of life . redness is used to relieve the symptoms associated with feel_worse ( a skin condition caused by an allergy ).
levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance levetiracetam . levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine used to treat seizures in adults , adolescents and children aged 16 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age and older . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed levetiracetam for you to treat your epilepsy ( partial seizures ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age . your doctor has prescribed levetiracetam for you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age . your doctor can be given other medicines .
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance bronchodilators , which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it is used to treat the symptoms of pulmonary airways ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by an allergy of the lungs ( pulmonary airways ) and other symptoms of copd . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is an pulmonary disease of the airways ( the airways that makes the airways become airways . this will strengthen your symptoms of these symptoms and reduce the symptoms of copd and attack . copd is used to relieve the symptoms associated with wheezing and wheezing . these symptoms include wheezing and attack . relief of these symptoms lasts a full day and helps you to resume your normal daily activities and sleep . this will strengthen your asthma and reduce the risk of flare ' s disease .
nucala belongs to a class of medicines called antiplatelet medicine . it is used in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents ( aged 6 years and older ) with moderate to severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( asthma_attacks ) in adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the use of oral_corticosteroids does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 6 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to 6 and 6 years of age . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure .
ninlaro is a medicine that contains the active substance dexamethasone . dexamethasone is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . lenalidomide is used to treat adult patients with a type of skin cancer called multiple myeloma . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with other medicines . lenalidomide will be used alone or in combination with other medicines .
the name of palforzia is treatment for treatment of treatment and children aged 4 years and older . it is used in adults and adolescents 17 years of age and older . treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment for children and adolescents aged 17 years of age .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine and belongs to a class of medicinal_products called benzodiazepine . it is used to prevent treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment of treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a need to have not improved during treatment with treatment with treatment who do not have a need to have not improved during treatment who have not had during treatment with benzodiazepine or treatment who have not had a statin or not not had during treatment with benzodiazepine or treatment who have not had a statin or not not had during treatment with treatment with benzodiazepine or treatment whose asthma has not been treated .
