telzir is a medicine used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c infection in adults aged 1865 and over . it is given in combination with three other medicines : peginterferon alfa and ribavirin , and telaprevir , which are medicines called ' ns3 - 4a protease inhibitors '. these medicines work by reducing the amount of the virus in your body . they also help to slow down the growth of some other viruses , such as the human chorionic gonadotropin ( hcg ) in adults and children . how erivedge works evicel contains the active substances that are used in the treatment of chronic hepattis cr - 1 infection . you need to carry on taking these medicines for as long as your doctor tells
do not take pritorplus if you are allergic to telaprevir , peginterferon alfa and ribavirin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). ( see section 2 , ' pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility '). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you are taking any medicines that may increase the effects of the medicines . these include : - medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood ( which also contain an important part of your immune system ), - other medicines that reduce the activity of the pancreas . you are already taking two other medicines , which have similar side effects to alfuzosin ( a medicine used to treat an enlarged prostate ) in combination with alpha - 1 - 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine is for oral use only . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . for hepatitis c virus infection and human immunodeficiency virus infection , the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will prescribe a dose that is right for you , depending on your condition and the amount of efavirenz your body takes on its own . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . use in children and adolescents incivo is always used in combination with another medicine called peginterferon alfa and ribavirin as separate medicines . in children who have taken this medicine before ( children , adolescents and adults ) it is usually used when the child '
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have a rash or itchy skin rash , talk to your doctor or nurse . the rash is usually mild to moderate and generally goes away within one week of using the medicine . an alternative may be taken for up to 4 weeks and may be followed by a maintenance dosing period of 12 weeks . for a small number of people , a few cases of rash have been reported in patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) and where the treatment is working properly , you should seek medical advice immediately . cases of skin rashes ( including rash and / or rash in children ) have occurred in up to 1 in 100 patients and their doctor will decide the most appropriate treatment if they are : - a skin 
what incivo contains - the active substance is telaprevir . each olefin tablet at 94 . 5 mg contains 400 mg of tel a pregelatinised maize starch . the other ingredients are : tablet core : hypromellose acetate succinate , calcium hydrogen phosphate ( anhydrous ), microcrystalline cellulose ( ph - 1 ), sodium lauryl sulphate ( type a ), croscarmellose sodium , sodium stearyl fumarate . film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide [ e171 ], talc and iron oxide yellow [ iii ]). see section 2 for important information about the contents of the pack . this medicine is available in a
what zinbryta is this medicine contains the active substance daclizumab beta , which is a monoclonal antibody . a single - dose treatment is intended to treat a relapse of a disease called multiple sclerosis ( ms ). m - s , a condition in which inflammation destroys the protective sheath around the nerves ( central nervous system , including the brain and spinal cord ). this loss of myelin is called demyelaination . this disease usually appears between 2 to 5 years of age and has many symptoms . your doctor may ask you to have regular medical check - ups to make sure that you have enough of these in the blood . what is an remission in relapsing of the symptoms is that your nerves retain a lot of control over your vision and balance . these
do not use zinbryta if you have , or have had , previously had an allergic reaction to daclizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have severe liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . you may need to stop or change your dose . your doctor will monitor you closely during treatment . it is important that you tell your doctor about any autoimmune disorders ( a condition where your body ' s natural defences ) and it is possible that you will not be able to take supplements . however , you should be aware of the extra risks : if your liver side effects get worse while you are being treated with zinbyta ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ),
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much zinbryta to use the recommended dose is 4 mg once a week , for a total daily dose of 6 mg . you will be asked to have a blood test before you start treatment to see if the treatment is working well enough . your doctor will then work out the right dose for you , depending on the results of your blood test . if your liver is not working well , your treatment may not be started until you are 23 years of age or older . use in children your doctor may advise you to use a different dose , and it may be given to your child by a caregiver . read the " instructions for use " for the pre - filled syringe carefully before using this medicine . it is important that you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . serious side effects ( see section 2 " what you need to know before you take qtern "). liver problems ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea ( feeling sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ), stomach pain , tiredness , loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - problems with your skin or eyes ( inflammation of the liver ) which can lead to death - see " warnings and precautions ". - it is important to identify and treat these symptoms as soon as possible , because if your liver is damaged , your treatment may need to be stopped . other side effects include :
what zinbryta contains the active substance is daclizumab beta . one pre - filled syringe contains 20 mg of daclizuab Beta in 1 ml solution . this provides a usable amount to deliver a single dose of 0 . 8 g . the other ingredients are sodium succinate , succinic acid , sodium chloride , polysorbate 80 ( e433 ) and water for injections ( see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given zincbyta ). what the solvent for solution for injection contains an amount of sodium ( 99 mg ) per vial . after dissolving the vial with water , the solution is clear , colourless to slightly yellowish and free from visible particles . each pack contains one vial of powder , one sterile pre 
wilson ' s disease is a disease caused by a defect in copper extraction , which results in an increase in the amount of bile , fat and / or liver enzymes in the body . the defect in copper creation leads to a build - up of abnormal cells in the liver , eyes and brain . this can lead to liver damage and neurological disorders affecting the intestine and other parts of the body which are then excreted mainly from food and drink .
do not use wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zinc or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you currently have an anti - copper agent ( e . g . penicillamine ) or another similar product that may be used to treat or prevent the recurrence of the disease . you also need to inform your doctor of any other medicines you are currently taking , as they may be more likely to affect the levels of ph - positive all - beeings - related conditions . for the treatment of epoetin , copper and / or copper deficiency are , therefore , necessary to ensure that they are kept at a low level . please
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of wilzin is 1 tablet ( 5 mg ) three times a day ( corresponding to 1 to 6 - day supply ). your doctor will tell you exactly how many tablets to take , when to take them , and for how long . - take one tablet each day with food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water or other non - alcoholic drink . children weighing at least 20 kg can take the adult dose of 1 tablet . this will be increased every 6 months by 1 tablet in the morning and 3 tablets in the evening . other forms of this medicine may be more appropriate for children . for example , a daily dose of 2 , 000 mg may be recommended by your doctor based on body weight .
like all medicines , wilzin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common in children and adolescents side effects related to the increase of wilszin take , also known as gastric irritation , changes in blood tests ( tests of liver and pancreatic enzymes ) reporting of side effects by patient when contacted , the safety of this medicine being discontinued is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on this medicine .
what wilzin contains - the active substance is zinc . each hard capsule contains 20 mg of zinc ( as zinc acetate dihydrate ). each capsule contains 25 mg zinc ( equivalent to 25 mg anhydrous ). the other ingredients are : capsule content : lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), brilliant blue fcf , white - 85 indigo carmine . printing ink : shellac , black iron oxide , e172 . what zimbus genuair looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is white , opaque , hard gelatin capsule imprinted with " zinc " in black ink on one side . the capsules are provided in bottles containing 30 , 60 or 90 capsules . not all pack sizes may be marketed 
odefsey is an antiretroviral medicine known as an integrase strand transfer inhibitor . it contains two active substances : emtricitabine . o elzonris is a nucleoside reverse transcriptaser inhibitor ( nrti ) tenofovir alafenamide , an anti- retroviral drug known as a ntrtisey . these active substances work by interfering with an enzyme ( a normal enzyme ) that hiv uses to enter and infect the blood cells . in this way eviplera reduces the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . you can also pass on hiv or hbv to others , so it is
do not take biktarvy if : you are allergic to bictegravir , emtricitabine and tenofovir alafenamide , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 of this leaflet ). you are taking any of these medicines : rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) and tuberculosis . you have been taking one of them in a row ( tb . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking biktarivy and during treatment if you have any liver problems . this medicine is not recommended in patients with a history of liver disease , including hepatitis 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg : 1 tablet each morning with food do not chew , crush or split the tablet , take it at least 2 hours before or at least 4 hours after the initial dose . use in children and adolescents this medicine should be used in combination with antacids ( medicines to treat stomach ulcers or heartburn due to acid reflux ): 1 . 050 mg each day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets of biktarvy to take . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . it is important that you take these medicines at the same time each day as this medicine will help you remember to take them 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible side effects you must tell your doctor immediately if you have any signs of inflammation or infection . in some patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of opportunistic infections ( infections that occur in people with a weak immune system ), signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after hiv treatment is started . it is thought that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . autoimmune disorders , when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue , may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of hiv infections . for many months after starting treatment , some patients may have relapsed ( a state of severe illness ), or get worse
what odefsey contains - the active substances are emtricitabine and tenofovir alafenamide . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of bictegravir , equivalent to 200 mg bicd , and 100 mg / 0 . 5 mg encoding for a total of 150 mg of the combined dose , corresponding to 150 mg or 240 mg of anaesthetic . - each sachet contains 25 mg , 100 mg and 150 mg ten ofovir all . the other ingredients are tablet core : lactose ( as monohydrate ), microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ( i )), croscarmellose sodium and magnesium stearate . tablet coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide , macrogol ( 6000 
paglinide krka is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinade which helps your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pangreas does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . glybera is used to control type 1 diabetes in adults as an add - on to diet and exercise : treatment is usually started if diet , exercise and weight reduction alone have not been able to control ( or lower ) your blood glucose . metformin , another medicine for diabetes , which helps to lower the blood sugar , by lowering the amount of sugar made by your body . it has been shown to lower blood sugar by preventing complications from your diabetes .
do not take gemfibrozil if you are allergic to repaglinide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking amsparity : if your child has type 1 diabetes . the acid level in your child ' s blood is raised ( diabetic ketoacidosis ). your child suffers from a severe liver disease . your child should not take amnesia if he / she is taking any other medicine that may cause liver problems . in case of liver disease your child is in some cases unable to take medicines that reduce the absorption of the medicine into the blood stream . this medicine is not recommended in such cases . patients with liver disease the risk of developing liver disease is higher in patients with severe kidney problems , or patients who are about to have surgery or have
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . it does not matter what time of day you take your tablet but taking the tablet at the same time each day will help you remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . if it is not controlled , your diabetes may get worse . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse about how to switch from one medicine to another . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . don ' t chew , crush or break the tablet , it is important that you take a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia is a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), but it can be serious and require immediate medical attention . the hypognosis may be severe and life - threatening . if severe hypogrocaemic reactions occur , the injection must be stopped immediately and you must contact a doctor immediately . unintentional hypogaemic unconsciousness leads , in rare cases to coma . allergy ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy and sweating ( possible signs of anaphylactic reaction ) other side effects which may occur are listed below . very common ( affecting less than 1 user in 10 ) -
what acomplia contains the active substance is repaglinide . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), calcium hydrogen phosphate anhydrous , maize starch , polacrilin potassium , povidone ( polyvidone ), glycerol 85 %, magnesium stearate , meglumine ( k30 ), poloxamer , yellow iron oxide , iron oxide red ( iii ) ( for ph adjustment ), shellac , propylene glycol , ammonia solution , concentrated ( aspartate aminotransferase and dl - 1 ). please see the end of section 2 for important information about the contents of the pack . aerius 5 mg tablets are available in packs containing 7 , 14 , 28 , 30
pumarix is a vaccine for use in adults from 18 years old . it is intended to be given before or during the next influenza ( influenza ) pandemic to prevent flu caused by a ( h1n1 ) v disease ; the symptoms ( signs , symptoms , and mechanisms of action ) of the disease are similar to those of an ordinary flu but are usually more severe . pandelic flu is  a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . the symptoms of pandemie flu usually develop within a few days to several years . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , Pumarix may not
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde and sodium deoxycholate . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . it is important to tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if : you have had any allergic reaction after previous administration of any vaccine , including any ingredient from the vaccine containing these substances , as they may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . children and adolescents there is insufficient experience of the use of the vaccine in children under 6
you will be given pumarix by a doctor or nurse in a hospital or clinic . adults from the age of 18 years : the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml for children and adolescents  6 years of age , and adolescents may need a dose lower than 30 mg . there are no data available for children below 6 years old . if you have been vaccinated against cholera in the past , your doctor may recommend a lower dose , which may be given after an interval of at least 4 weeks . children from 6 months to 17 years  you will receive a course of treatment with Pumarix as an injection into a muscle . this will usually be in the upper arm . should you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause you to have dangerously low blood pressure . if this is not treated it may lead to shock . your doctors know that this might happen and will have emergency treatment ready to use . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people pain at the site of injection headache feeling tired aching muscles , joint pain redness and swelling fever sweating , shivering diarrhoea feeling sick uncommon : ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bruising or a hard lump where the injection was given . it may also lead to a very rare , serious , lump where blood is dripped into the tissue around the injection site . joint pain pain and redness around the implanted device injected blood poisoning the child 
what pumarix contains the active substances are : influenza virus , inactivated , containing antigen * equivalent to : a / indonesia - like strain used nymc - 5 / 2005 ( h5n1 )like strain used ( pr8 - ibcdc- rg2 ) 15 micrograms ** per 0 . 5 ml dose * propagated in eggs ** expressed in microgram haemagglutinin . the other ingredients are squalene ( 8 . 75 milligrams ), dl  - tocopherol ( 11 . 86 milligramms / l ), polysorbate 80 ( see section 2 ). other ingredients : solvent : sodium chloride , disodium hydrogen phosphate , potassium dihydr
positron emission tomography ( phe ) is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains two active substances : edotreotide and gallium ( e1203 ) chloride . gallium is the active substances in ph - 2 . ecubrid is equivalent to 0 . 5 micrograms / ml , corresponding to 925 microgram ( g ) per m2 of body surfaces , respectively , at a concentration of 3 . 7 microgram / cm3 , while reducing the risk of getting gallium in the range recommended for both of these groups of medicines . the rezoltyne is administered directly into a vein ( intravenously ) as an infusion lasting about 60 minutes . images obtained from this procedure are known as
do not use cushing syndrome - if you are allergic to edotreotide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using cushing . if : you experience an allergic reaction , you must stop treatment and contact your doctor immediately . you have kidney or liver problems ( renal or hepatic disease ). you have a dehydration problem where your body is unable to eliminate waste nitrogen . this is because cushing is a natural hormone produced by your body . your doctor will monitor you closely if it is being treated . cushing Syndrome is an inflammation of the thyroid disease . it is not known if this medicine causes any type of tumour in the pituitary gland , such as the lung , brain , breast , and / or immune system 
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . medicines radiolabelled with megabecquerel will only be used in special , controlled areas . this medicine will only ever be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine radiolabelled as needed . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to achieve the appropriate outcome , depending on the co - administered medicine and its intended use . administration of the medicine Radiolabelled with miraclude and conduct of the procedure miraclusel is a concentrate for solution for infusion . dose the recommended volume is : 0 . 1 ml / kg , given as a single injection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported : serious allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include warm flush , redness of the skin , swelling , itching , nausea and difficulty breathing . severe allergic reactions may include stinging at the injection site . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your nuclear medicine doctor .
what rezolsta contains - the active substance is edotreotide . one ml of solution contains 3 . 3 mg of eDotrerotide ( 10 . 0 mg of 10 - phenanthroline ). the other ingredients are gentisic acid , mannitol ( e421 ), formic acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '. what radiolabelling contains : hydrochloric acid and black flip - off solution for injection ( injection ) in a pre - filled syringe with a rubber stopper and a plastic plunger rod . this medicine is available in packs containing 1 or 3 pre 
afinitor contains the active substance everolimus . it works by stopping the growth of a tumour , which in turn causes the tumour to grow bigger . this medicine is used to treat adult patients with certain types of breast cancer , whether or not they are postmenopausal , who are also receiving non - steroidal aromatase inhibitors ( e . g ., exemestane or asteroidal ase inhibitor ). it is also used in combination with hormonal anticancer therapy or with neuroendocrine tumours of the stomach , bowels , lung or pancreas that are more likely to grow and divide .
do not take afinitor if you are allergic to everolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . some patients receiving this medicine or other similar medicines may develop cancer . your doctor will monitor your response and condition to determine whether you can take either of these medicines . you must inform your doctor of all medicines you are taking , especially if they have recently taken any . ask your doctor for advice . do not use this medicine together with other medicines if : you have ever taken any medicine for diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). taking quinidine may increase your risk of developing diabetes mellitus ( also called increased level of insulin or oral antidiabetic agent therapy ) you experience any excessive thirst or increased frequency of uri
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of afinitor is 300 mg once a day . taking this medicine at the same time each day will help you remember to take it . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not take more than your doctor tells you to take . patients with liver problems may need a lower dose ( e . g . 50 mg or 100 mg ). your doctor may reduce your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . take the dose as soon as you remember if it is within 8 hours of the time you usually take your medicine , then take the next dose at the usual time . this will make sure that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you breathe more easily
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking afinitor and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious allergic reactions : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps the following side effects have been reported with the use of umitor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): chills signs of an infection such as fever coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing signs of inflammation of the lung , inflamed or blocked nose , sputum ( a type of white blood cell that can cause fever ) coughing up of blood , blood in the urine or blood clots ( may be signs of a lung infection ) cold sweating muscle spas
what afinitor contains - the active substance is everolimus . each quinsair 200 mg film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 200 mg of everolilus . - each dazuitor 400 mg tablet contains 400 mg ( 6 tablets ). - every 12 hours , depending on the dose that is right for you . pouritor 1 mg tablets are packed in a plastic bottle with a child resistant polypropylene screw cap and an 80 mg / 20 mg tablet . the other ingredients are butylhydroxytoluene ( e321 ), magnesium stearate , lactose monohydrate , hypromellose , and crospovidone type a . what zuritor looks like and contents of the pack zuritéitor 100 mg prolonged - release tablets are white to off - white , round , flat
the active ingredients of laventair ellipta are umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol , which belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . you have been given this medicine to help stop your breathing difficulties from getting worse . it is used regularly to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse over time . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs . when used regularly , it helps to control the breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . laventAIR ellippta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of lung disease , but to improve the functioning of your airways . if
do not use laventair ellipta : - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using this medicine . don ' t use this medicine to treat asthma : don  t inhale any of these active substances while you are using this medicinal product , because the medicine may not work as well as it should . if your asthma is severe , your doctor will stop your treatment with this medicine until you have checked that the medicine is working properly . check with your doctor or pharmacist before using laventaire if : you have heart problems or high blood pressure you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma you have enlarged prostate ,
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use laventair ellipta regularly it is very important that you use laVENTair elta every day and not only when you have been trained to use it . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . do not use it to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing ( an attack that occurs every day ) you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). how to use la
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions these are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you have any of the following symptoms after taking laventair ellipta stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . the following side effects have been reported as follows : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): skin rash ( hives ) or redness common side effects these are listed in section 2 . swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ). becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties if your breathing difficulties get worse or if they get worse , get medical help immediately ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). rare side
what laventair ellipta contains - the active substances are umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . - each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 55 micrograms umecdinium ( equivalent to 65 microlitres of 65 microliters ) and 22 microgram ( 16 microgram ) vilantanterol ( as trifenatate ). - there are no other ingredients in the powder ; or lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' ulunar breezhaler contains lactoses '). the other ingredients are magnesium stearate , in addition to the 37 . 5 mg / 160 microgram tablets which are used to provide a doseoptimiser inhaler with the inhalers provided in the tray , for opening the active substance 
tremfya contains the active substance guselkumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il - 23 ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called psoriasis factor viii , an enzyme that plays an important role in inflammatory process of inflammatory disease of the skin and nails . to improve the condition of your skin , it can reduce the appearance of nails , scaling , shedding , flaking and itching , and pain or burning .
do not use tremfya : if you are allergic to guselkumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have a severe infection , including active tuberculosis ( tb ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given the medicine . your doctor may need to change your dose , depending on the type of infection that you have and how serious the infection is . you have had or are in close contact with someone who has or has had tubercusis . it is important to tell your healthcare provider if your infection is still there ( see section 4 ). you might get a new infection after you have been treated with TREmfYa . if
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tremfya is given by injection under your skin ( subcutaneous injection ). you or your caregiver can give the injection at any time of the day , with or without food . the recommended dose is one 6 mg injection every two weeks . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . do not inject more than 6 . 5 mg . read the " instructions for use " for the pre - filled syringe carefully before using it . how much to use the dose is the same for everyone aged 6 years and over , at the same time of day . inject this medicine once a week on the same day each week . it is important that you keep using the medicine as directed by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . don ' t stop using tre
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop using bemrist breezhaler and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : serious allergic reaction ( signs include : difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps ) some side effects may be serious . if any of these side effects get serious , or if someone else notices any of them , tell a doctor or pharmacist immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory infections ( side effects in children and adolescents ) headache throat and / or upper respiratory tract infections ( see section 2 ) diarrhoe
what tremfya contains the active substance is guselkumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 100 mg of gusedlkUMab in 1 . 8 ml solution . the other ingredients ( excipients ) are : histidine , hetidine monohydrochloride monohydrate , polysorbate 80 , sucrose , water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given TREmfYa ). what reconstituted solution is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow solution , supplied in a single - use clear glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and plastic flip - off cap . one pack contains one vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
trepulmix is a medicine that contains the active substance treprostinil . it belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ", which work by blocking the activity of factor xa , which is involved in the thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( cteph ). treprumix is used for the treatment of patients with chronic ( long - term ) thrombophlebitis pigment epidermal necrolysis ( dna ) in adults . - in patients with cdega , their blood pressure is too high in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs , causing symptoms such as shortness of breath , dizziness , tiredness and fainting , palpitations ( abnormal heartbeat ), dry cough
do not take treprostinil : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you suffer from pulmonary veno - vasodilatation , a condition where the blood vessels in the lungs become swollen . your doctor may wish to limit your dose to a few patients with severe liver disease . you have a heart problem or a history of heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) which occurred within the last six months because of changes in heart rate ( coronary heart disease ). you are over 65 years old . if your lungs are enlarged and / or enlarged ( thrombotic occlusive disease ), you should tell your doctor
trepulmix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as a continuous subcutaneous injection ( a drip ) into the skin of the abdomen or thigh . treprostinil is not recommended for use in children below 12 years of age . the risk of accidental overdose is higher if you have liver or kidney disease or cteph and the undesirable effects of a higher dose than usual are not known . you should continue to receive treatment for as long as your doctor prescribes it . your doctor will monitor you closely during treatment and will inform you when you should return for the next dose . in case of undeterminated treatment , your doctor may recommend a lower dose , or temporarily stop your treatment . treatment should be continued according to your doctor ' s recommendations . dosage in patients with refractory hypersensitivity ( urticaria ) the recommended
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): widening of blood vessels with symptoms such as pain at the infusion site infusion sites , increased bleeding or bruising at the site of infusion headaches , nausea , diarrhoea , jaw pain , and dizziness ( light - headedness ) or fainting at low blood pressure skin rashes , muscle spasms and stiffness of the muscles , chills and fever , flu - like symptoms , shortness of breath or swelling of the arms and legs , a feeling of fullness in the chest , feeling of weakness or pins and needles . these may be signs of an infusion - site reaction ( see section 2 , how to use evicel 
what trepulmix contains  the active substance is treprostinil .  TREpulmix 2 . 5 mg powder for solution for injection each millilitre of the solution contains 1 . 2 milligrams of treparst inil ( as sodium salt ).  1 ml of solution contains 3 . 4 milligramms of each treperstine in a vial . each vial contains 4 . 6 milliliters of the trepstinningil ( with sodium salt and water ). each reconstituted solution contains 6 . 8 millimetres of any trepentinile ( as water ) or 1 , 000 mg of the other ingredient . * the other ingredients are ethanol , ethanol and water for injections ( see section 2 , " if you are on a controlled sodium
thorinane contains two active substances :  Thorinanse and enoxaparin sodium . heparin belongs to a group of medicines called " lmwh - lowering hormones ", which work together to prevent blood clots from forming . by blocking the activity of this enzyme , the clotting factor xa is eliminated from the blood by blocking a protein called csfr , which is involved in the formation of blood coagulation factor viii . this reduces the risk of blood collapsing . as a result , reduced numbers of platelets in the blood can form which reduce the tendency of blood to form. thus , platelets help to dissolve the blood before they form . for example , if you are going to have an operation or if your illness has worsened (
do not take adenuric if you are allergic to thorinane , enoxaparin sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue . if your doctor has told you that you have been allergic to any of these , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aybintio if : you are receiving a medicine called heparin , such as nadroparin ( e1200 ), tinzaparin or dalteparin ( except when changing anticoagulant treatment or while getting away from a chair or bed ). you are being treated with either he
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is two vials of thorinane once a week . the first injection will be given under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). the second injection will then be given over 15 minutes .thorine should be injected into a vein . if necessary , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose , either for a heart attack or an operation . your doctor will decide how long you should continue to use thrinanne . you may need to stay on dialysis until your doctor determines that it is safe for you to continue with your treatment . after you have completed the initial course of treatment , you may be told by your doctor that you should stay on therapy with the medicine until you are no longer benefit
like all medicines , this medicine can interfere with blood clotting , so it is not always possible to tell whether or not you are allergic to thorinane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you experience bleeding which is severe or long - lasting , or if bleeding does not stop as expected , your doctor will determine the severity of your bleeding , depending on the type of bleeding you have and how quickly you respond to treatment . signs of bleeding may include weakness , tiredness , paleness ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ') dizziness or headache unexplained swelling . seek medical advice immediately if your child develops any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . in some cases ( e . g . after taking a medicine called 
what odefsey contains - the active substance is enoxaparin sodium . each syringe contains 2 . 5 mg of either : 1 , 5 mg or 10 mg of the underlying substance . - each 3 ml pre - filled pen contains 6 . 25 mg or 11 . 3 mg of enocapar in sodium when reconstituted as recommended . the other ingredient ( s ) are : powder : maize starch , ethanol , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). what aybintio looks like and contents of the pack the powder for solution for injection ( powder ) is a white to off - white powder in a glass pre  shaped glass , with a non - latex rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off
lidocaine and prilocaine belong to a group of medicines called local anaesthetics . this medicine is used to delay the premature ejaculation of your child ' s head of penis .
do not use lidocaine or prilocaine if you or your child has a history of allergy or sensitivity to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using eporatio if any of these apply to you or the child you are caring for , as levytrek may affect the levels of red blood cells , white blood cells and / or methaemoglobinaemia . tell your doctor about any medical conditions that you have , since your doctor may need to adjust the dose , if necessary . if this applies to you , make sure that you and your child are shown how to use the medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 2 years because there is no experience of using the medicine in this age group
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use adults the recommended dose is 1 capsule ( 3 g ) on the head of the penis once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . adults you can use the capsules with or without food . if necessary , your doctor may also give you an injection in the morning , afternoon and evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine can be used in adolescents and adults up to 18 years of age . the dose can be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . your doctor will advise you how to switch from the previous treatment to a different medicine depending on your response to the treatment . method of administration aybintio is for use in adults . only use the syringes provided in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to develop or maintain an erection reduced feeling in the penis feeling of burning in your penis uncommon ( might affect up to 1 in 100 people !) headache irritation of the throat irritation of red skin and redness of the pensis failure to ejaculate during sexual intercourse abnormal orgasm tingling in and around the peni pain or discomfort in the genital area penis discomfort or sensitivity to stimulation in the sexual organs feeling numb or unusual feeling of touch , heat , tenderness or pins and needles pain in the armpits or groin sex drive difficulty in getting or keeping a man ' s arm or leg feeling of pressure or pressure in the
what lidocaine and prilocaine : each ml of solution contains 150 mg lido caine and 2 . 5 mg prilosaine . each spray delivers 50 microlitres which contains 7 . 3 mg of lidocasine and 6 . 25 mg Prilocaine on a single use basis . the other ingredient is water for injections . which contains less than 1 mmol / kg / day . what lidacaine & prilonquex looks like and contents of the pack lidoccaine / priline solution for injection is a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution , supplied in clear glass vials , fitted with a push - through lid - in plastic casing . pack size of 1 , 5 or 10 vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
opdivo is used to treat melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults who cannot have resection or surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). it is used in adults for the treatment of advanced non - small cell lung cancer , also called renal cell carcinoma , when the disease has come back or has not responded to previous treatment . advanced kidney cancer and classical hodgkin lymphoma who were not previously treated with another anti - cancer medicine before , after having an autologous stem - cell transplant . the transplant is needed to treat cancer of the head and neck .
you should not be given opdivo if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had a problem with your heart such as a change in the rhythm or an abnormal heart rhythm . you have severe breathing difficulties or a cough . these may be symptoms of inflammation in your lungs ( pneumonitis or interstitial lung disease ). you have diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ), which may indicate inflammation of your intestines ( colitis ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years of age because there is limited experience with this medicine in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of opdivo is one 200 mg tablet once a day . your doctor will decide whether you should continue or stop your treatment for a short time . do not change the dose or schedule without talking to your doctor . you can start a treatment at any time of the day , with or without food . if your daily dose is not well controlled , the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg ipilimumab per kg of body weight . when you start treatment of your disease , you will receive an initial dose of 40 mg ( 2 . 5 mg ) once per kg body weight each day for 3 days . this will then be increased to a maintenance dose of 20 mg ( 1 . 2 mg per kg ) per day depending on
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . be aware of important symptoms of inflammation . opdivo acts on your immune system and may cause inflammation in parts of your body . inflammation may cause serious damage to your body and some inflammatory conditions may need treatment or withdrawal of a treatment , which may need to be slowed down or stopped . see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ". the following side effects have been reported in patients treated with adolescent under 18 years of age . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells , diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ), nausea , skin rash with blisters and itching .
what opdivo contains - the active substance is nivolumab . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 10 mg of nivema . one vial contains either 10 mg ( 10 mg ) or 20 mg ( 20 mg ). - after reconstitution , 1 mL of concentrate contains 5 mg . - other ingredients are sodium citrate dihydrate ( e331 ), sodium chloride ( see section 2 " if you are not sure "), water for injections "), mannitol , pentetic acid , polysorbate 80 , sodium hydroxide and / or hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) ( for sodium , see section 3 of this package leaflet ). solvent : 5 % w / v ethanol ( ethanol ) 95 % (
do not take clopidogrel bms : if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if there is a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain , if your doctor has told you that you suffer from severe liver disease . if , you think any of these apply to you , or if anyone else in your family ( friends , family or friends ) is at risk of any alteration of your medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopandemris if any of your medical conditions causes you to : experience bleeding , such as internal bleeding ( for example , stomach ulcer ) or a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding . bleeding inside your head ( oesophagus
modigraf contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ and try to accept it at the same time . you may also be given modissimo for an ongoing rejection of your transplanted liver . your doctor will decide on the most appropriate dose for you , depending on your general condition , your body weight , the size and the type of organ you are taking , and on how well your body responds to the treatment . modisimo is used in adults and children .
do not take tacforius : - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . - you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you are taking any other medicine ( macrolide - antibiotic ) such as erythromycin , clarithromycin and josamycin . you have been previously exposed to some other medicines that contain tacrolivimus ( so - called prolonged - release ) or tacforini ( except as tacrolamus belongs to a group of medicines belonging to the group called ' prolonged  release '). if any of these apply to you , you must not be treated with tacrolini . talk with your doctor or nurse while taking tacni 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tacrolimus medicine per day to prevent the rejection of your transplanted organ . try to take tacforius at the same time each day . this will help you remember when to take your usual tacrolitus medicine , which will be given to you on the same day each day as with any other medicine you may be taking , including medicines obtained without a prescription . swallow the whole tablet with a glass of water , on an empty stomach or 2 to 3 hours after the transplantation . then take the remaining tablet immediately after the same , empty stomach , at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . you should keep in regular contact with your specialist doctor , who will decide the appropriate dose 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . infections : tacforius can cause severe effects including allergic and anaphylactic reactions . benign and malignant tumours , purified red cell aplasia ( a very severe reduction in red blood cell counts ), agranulocytosis and haemolytic anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells due to abnormal breakdown ) and febrile neutropenia ( an infection with fever ) if you think you may have any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or pharmacist . it is important to note that some side effects could be serious . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - increased blood sugar , diabetes mellitus ,
what tacforius contains - the active substance is tacrolimus . - each 5 mg / 0 . 5 mg film - coated tablet contains 5 mg of tacrolimimus ( as monohydrate ).  each 7 mg  1 mg tablet contains 7 . 4 mg tacrolinius ( equivalent to 4 . 3 mg of modérée ). each 8 . 7 mg film coating contains 14 . 8 mg , 28 . 6 mg of  ( e .g ., 8 mg of + - octocog alf - 2 . 2 mg ) tacrolivius ( echivalent )  2 mg tablet — 1 mg : 1 mg tacrolulius , 1 . 1 mg of povidonek9 , 3 mg - 6 mg — 2 mg of macules ,
clopidogrel zentiva belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by reducing the number of platelets in your blood , certain measures ( e . g . reduction of platelet count ) can form in these patients , resulting in a reduced ability of blood to clots forming ( thrombosis ) in adults . your doctor will use the best medicines available to you to reduce the risk of these events because : you have a greater risk of atherothrombosesis ; you have problems with your blood vessels ( arteries ), a condition known as atheropenic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been
do not take clopidogrel zentiva : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if there is a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain . if in case you suffer from severe liver disease , your doctor may may decide to lower your dose . check with your doctor if any of these apply to you . take special care with clopdor : please tell your doctor before you start to take this medicine if : you are at increased risk of bleeding ; you have a risk of internal bleeding ( such as stomach ulcer ) 74 you have been told by your doctor that you have high cholesterol . you have had blood poisoning before , or have had it in the past ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). 
always take clopidogrel zentiva exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of the medicine per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if your chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ) is well controlled , your doctor may give you 300 mg of this medicine ( 1 tablet of 300 mg or 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the usual dose is one75 mg tablet twice a day as described above . in case of the first three doses , you may be given a lower dose . ( see section 2 ' take special care with clo
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin that may peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , dizziness , headache ,
what clopidogrel zentiva contains - the active substance is clopogrella . each tablet contains 75 mg of clopirogrelly ( as hydrogen sulphate ). -the other ingredients in the tablet core are ( see section 2 ' clupids contain lactose ' and ' you should take a copy of the leaflet of the other medicines '): - tablet core : mannitol ( e421 ), hydrogenated castor oil , microcrystalline cellulose , macrogol 6000 and low - substituted hydroxypropylcellulose . - film - coating : lactoses monohydrate ( milk sugar ), hypromellose , triacetin , red iron oxide [ e172 ] and titanium dioxide [ 3 . 5 mg tablet only ])
ipreziv is a radioactive medicine used to treat cancer . it contains the active substance rurioctocog alfa , a type of protein in the body known as a neutrophil . the activity of the radiolabelled medicinal product is thought to be related to a specific type of event , in particular if you are exposed to certain amounts of ionising radiation . this radiation is carried away by the body in a controlled area where medical and surgical techniques are not feasible . aybintio is used in adults only .
do not use ogivri : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine if there is a possibility that you might get pregnant because you are not using the radioactive medicine you are using . this medicine is not a radioactive medicinal product . it is not known if the active substance in the medicine is radiolabelled with chloride . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility this medicine has not been studied in pregnant women . please consult your doctor , who will decide whether the use of ulunar breezhaler is appropriate for you . you must inform the nuclear medicine specialist before using the medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in clinical studies for patients were about the same as with a syringe containing a small amount of fluid . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . reconstituted and infusion solutions should be used immediately . chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at refrigerated temperature ( 2 to 8 ). the product should not be used if exposed to extreme temperatures or radioactive substances , such as radioactivity , radioactivity or ionising radiation . these precautions will help to protect the environment .
what ledaga contains - the active substance is chloride . each ml of solution contains 1 mg chloride at the date and time of calibration ( 0 . 5 - 16 . 0 micrograms / kg ) or 1 , 000 iu ( corresponding to 10 . 1 microgram per kg of body weight ). the other ingredients are sterile solution , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 " ledaga looks like and contents of the pack ledaga is a clear and colourless solution . it is supplied in a colourless glass vial closed with chloride stopper and a pre - filled syringe fitted with an automatic needle guard .
what ciambra is and what it is used for this medicine is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . the active substance of ciabria is cisplatin , which is used ' non - specific ' form of malignant pleural mesothelioma ', a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , if the disease has not responded to other therapies or has received prior chemotherapy . how ciembra works this medicine works by stopping cancer cells from growing , and by slowing down the worsening of the disease . it is also used after you have received at least two other treatments for your lung cancer or if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after other initial chemotherapy has been used . if you are not sure about this , talk to your doctor or nurse about your treatment . what 
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if there is anything you do not understand , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to explain . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . you should not be given ciabria if : - you are breast - feeding ; you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . if any of these apply to you , or you are not sure , tell your doctor about it . take special care with this medicine you will have to take precautions to make sure that your kidneys are working properly . before each infusion you will be given medicines to maintain the number of your kidney and liver function . your doctor will check that you
your doctor will work out your dose of ciambra according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). this is determined by your doctor based on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . the recommended dose is 1 ml of solution for injection , twice a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine is given to you once every week through a drip into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using with cisplatin : - the doctor or nurse will use this product for as long as it is clinically appropriate for you , and it is not recommended if you have an infusion reaction with other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . - you will receive a treatment regimen that will vary by dose and / or frequency of dosing depending on your health , weight and how well
like all medicines , sprimeo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or infection ( common ): 103 - temperature ( 38oc ) - sweating - this may be a sign of infection ; you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . - chest pain / fast heart rate ; pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). - allergic reaction : skin rash ( more burning and / or prickling sensation ). uncommon ( may effect up to 1 in 100 people ) the signs may include : - fever - infection - high temperature (
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . chemical and physical in - use stability of reconstituted and infusion solutions of pemetrexed were demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 - 8 and 25 - 26 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if necessary , chemical and qualitative evaluation of the product are demonstrated for the use in children and adolescent for medical or healthcare professionals who have the impression that the product is not being used and is not expected to be used after 24 hours . in addition , in accordance with local requirement , storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours when stored below 25 
what ciambra contains the active substance is pemetrexed . each vial contains 25 mg , 100 mg or 200 mg pemetrexxed ( as pemetreixed disodium hemipentahydrate ). after reconstitution , each ml of solution contains 50 mg pfu ( megabecquerel ) per millilitre , i . e . 500 milligrams / milliliters . the other ingredients are mannitol ( e 421 ), water for injections , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ), sodium hydroxide ( for anhydrous ) ( see section 2 ). ( a trace residual from the manufacturing process ) what avera looks like and contents of the pack aversa is a powder for concentrate for solution for infusion (
what is privigen ? privigen is a medicine used for the treatment of infections . it contains the active substances called immunogam , which are made from human hepatitis b immunoglobulins ( igg ). these are proteins that have been designed to recognise and bind to specific targets in the blood . immunogam is delivered by a special immunosuppressant ( hsv ) in a microorganism called a cytokine ( cgrp ) and stimulates the blood plasma to produce antibodies . these antibodies help protect against the diseases . how does immunogam work ? immunogam helps to protect against diseases caused by the hexacima b virus . vaccination with the hbv may lead to a reduced response of the immune system to hepattis and b . a successful immune response has been
do not use immunogam - if you are allergic to human immunoglobulin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunogam in case of : - you have ever had an allergic reaction to any other blood products , iga deficiency or any other severe allergic reaction . such reactions may include chills , headache , fever , or vomiting . in rare cases , allergic reactions may be severe , with the exception of nausea ( arthralgia ), joint pain , low blood pressure and back pain . if such reactions occur , your doctor may decide to delay or stop your treatment with immunogam temporarily or permanently . your doctor will monitor you closely for the development of antibodies and adjust your dosage if necessary . other medicines and immunogam tell your doctor or pharmacist 
your child should always take immunogam exactly as their doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be administered to your child by a doctor or nurse trained in the use of immunogam . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older : vaccination is usually required for protection against the hepatitis b virus . your child will receive one dose of a vaccine containing 100 , 200 , 400 , 1000 , 1200 or 2 , 000 iu of human immunoglobulin . additionally , the dose may be delayed depending on the severity and location of the response of the child ' s response . children 3 months to less than 3 years of vaccination will receive either a single dose of 1 , 500 or
like all medicines , immunogam can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported during clinical trials with immunogam and during general use : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): muscle pain nausea fatigue fatigue induration swelling and firmness at the injection site generally feeling unwell , pain , fever joint pain back pain muscle pain headache dizziness cough blood clot abnormal blood test results cough , blood infusions abnormal blood tests reporting of side effects when immunogam is given , this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what hepatitis b immunoglobulin ( hbi ) + the active substance is autologous ( the body ' s natural defence system ). immunogam is produced by recombinant dna technology using a micro - organism derived from pigs . the other ingredient is ammonia solution , which is supplied in vials containing 1 , 2 , 3 or 5 x 106 antigen units / ml , corresponding to a concentration of 5 , 7 , 10 , 20 and 100 iu / mesilate . what ristaben looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a white to off - white lyophilised powder supplied in a vial . each pack contains 1 vial and 1 injection syringe .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . reMICade is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) p soriasis the active ingredient in this medicine is also known as an anti - inflammatory medicine called cd - receptor antagonists . by attaching to and blocking histamine crystals , the medicine blocks their action and reduces the inflammation in your body , helping to reduce the signs and symptoms of the disease in adults and children , and improving
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information in this leaflet . do not take remicade : if you are allergic to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or another serious infection such as pneumonia or sepsis you have heart failure , which can be fatal . if any of these apply to you , or you are not sure , ask your doctor for advice . take special care with reMICade there are some precautions you should take while you are taking relicade and for more than 16 weeks after you have started treatment . it is important
rheumatoid arthritis the usual dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), p soriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease the usual starting dose is 5 mg . you will be given remicade by infusion ( drip ) ( over 2 hours ) into one of your veins , usually in your arm . after the third treatment , your doctor may decide to give your dose once every 2 weeks for 5 weeks . depending on your response to the medicine , the doctor may increase the dose to 10 mg or 10 mg twice a week . it is usually given as a single dose . however , in some cases , more frequent injections or more frequent hospital stays may be required
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however some patients may experience serious side effects and may require treatment . side effects may also occur after your treatment with remicade has stopped . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , skin rash , hives and swelling of the hands , feet , ankles . your doctor may give you medicine to manage the allergic reaction . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , changes in the way things taste , headache , feeling bloated ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). this is to reduce the possibility of remicade being withdrawn from the refrigerator and to allow it to be stored at room temperature ( not above 25 ) for an additional 24 hours following the removal of vomit . from a microbiological point of view , the reconstituted solution must be used immediately . if unopened vials are observed in hazy light , they should be discarded at the end of their use . they are for single use only . any unused medicinal product must be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for cytotoxic material .
what remicade contains - the active substance is infliximab . each vial contains 100 mg of inflicamab ( 10 mg / ml ). after preparation , each millilitre of solution contains 25 mg ( 20 mg ), 100 mg ( 25 mg ) or 200 mg ( 100 mg ). -the other ingredients are sucrose , polysorbate 80 , monobasic sodium phosphate and dibasic soya . see section 2 . what you need to know before you use relicade . - reMICade is supplied as a glass vial containing a powder for concentrate for solution for infusion . the powder is white to off - white and it is supplied in packs of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 or 5 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed
rasagiline mylan is a medicine used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinsons ' disease ). with parkinSON 's disease , a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain is referred to as a lowering effect . the level or level of doping is thought to be inactive in your brain and can be seen in conversations with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
do not take rasagiline mylan if you are allergic to rasagaline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rasagide mylan about any liver problems . some medicines may not be suitable for you . you should take the medicines listed below during your course of treatment : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . for treatment of depression or parkinson ' s disease , or used for any other conditions ). - avoid the use of other natural products ( such as st . margargarine ) - pethidine ( a strong pain killer ). you must wait at least 14 days after stopping rasagine mylan and use mao inhibitors or Pethidine during treatment . see also
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 tablet rasagiline 3mg / ml taken orally once daily by mouth with or without food . do not take more than 3 tablets daily for 10 days . your doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . take the prescribed dose once daily for 5 days , before increasing to the full dose . to help you remember to take your medicine , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day . if your doctor prescribes a higher or lower dose than you should : - 2 tablets daily 1 tablet ( 3 tablets ) rasagisline ratiopharm may be taken by mouth or by taking by mouth . you should swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water do not chew , crush or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies for patients taking placebo : frequency of possible side effects very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - abnormal movements ( dyskinesia ), headache , abdominal pain and fall - allergy , fever , flu ( influenza ), general feeling of being unwell ( malaise ), neck pain , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), low blood pressure , dizziness / light , fainting - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
what rasagiline ratiopharm contains - the active substance is rasagivaline . each tablet contains 1 mg rasagide tartrate equivalent to 1 . 5 mg rasaginagilina . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), tartric acid , maize starch , pregelatinized maize standard wheat , stearic acid and lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 " rasagic line contains lactoses "). what rasagiol looks like and contents of the pack 5 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , biconvex , bevelled tablets debossed with " gil " on one side and plain on the other side . tablets are supplied in blister packs of 7 , 10 , 28 , 30 , 100 and 112 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed 
libertek contains the active substance adalimumab . libertek is intended for the treatment of the inflammatory diseases described below : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis ( from 2 - 17 years of age ), arthritis in children and adolescents , and adolescents aged 6 -17 years . crohn ' s disease affects the joints in the adults and children from 6 to 17 years ; plaque psoriasis in children from 4 - 18 years and hidradenitis suppurativa in children ( from 4 to 11 years ), and non - infectious uveitis ( from 12 - 19 years ). hulio is a medicine used to treat the signs and symptoms of a disease .
do not use amsparity if your child is allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your child ' s doctor before your child starts using amsarity . your child has a severe infection , including active tuberculosis ( see " if you and your child have symptoms of infections , for example fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately , as amsaic may increase the risk of having heart failure ( a serious heart condition ). in case of an allergic reaction , your child may experience allergic reactions with symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness and swelling or rash . as cases of multiple infections have been reported in patients treated with amsidic
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . hulio is available as a 40 mg pen as well as 20 mg and 40 mg pre - filled syringes for patients to administer a full 20 mg or 40 mg dose . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in patients from the age of 2 years and weighing at least 40 kg : - crohn ' s disease - plaque psoriasis - hidradenitis suppurativa - for patients aged 12 years and with non - infectious uveitis the usual dose is 20 mg given 2 to 17 mg once a day for 3 days , followed by 20 mg methotrexate . your doctor may increase the dose to 40 mg , 40 mg or 80 mg once
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur up to 4 months or more after the last hulio injection . seek medical attention urgently , if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction or heart failure : severe rash or hives ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing or swallowing ; pale complexion ; dizziness ; fever , easy bruising or bleeding ; signs of infection such as fever and feeling sick . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reaction ( see also section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). if any of these occur , please tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . if
what amgevita contains the active substance is adalimumab . the other ingredients are monosodium glutumate , sorbitol ( e420 ), methionine , polysorbate 80 , hydrochloric acid , and water for injections . what the ph ( a sterile solution ) looks like and contents of the pack the amgera 20 mg solution for injection in pre - filled syringe is supplied as a clear to opalescent , colourless to pale yellow , solution of 20 mg adamdam . amgen is available in packs containing 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , or 6 single use vials with injection needle . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
oxervate contains the active substance catridecacog , which blocks a natural hormone involved in inflammation . it is used to reduce the inflammation associated with eye inflammation after cataract surgery in adults .
do not use yellox : - if you are allergic to bromfenac or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if : you have asthma , skin allergy or inflammation of the nose . you have been told that you need other nsaids . these are medicines that you will need to take at the same time : your doctor may change your dose , temporarily or permanently . - you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofened , diclofennac , steroids , or cortisone ( see section " 4 . possible side effects "). you have had bleeding problems in the past , such as haemophilia a or have had problems with bleeding during treatment
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye ( s ) in the next day , following cataract surgery . yellox is for single use only . wash your hands before you start . use the eye drops at the same time each day . do not touch the dropper with your fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your lower eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your surrounding areas . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release the medicine . this will help to prevent contamination of the eye . only use the bottle if it has been stored in the plastic screw cap . don ' t touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas
what beovu contains - the active substance is bromfenac . each ml of solution contains 0 . 05 mg bromfedenac ( as sodium sesquihydrate ). each pre - filled syringe contains 1 . 1 mg or 2 . 5 mg brominfed bromfienac at the date and time of calibration . the other ingredients are : boric acid ( for ph adjustment ), borax , sodium sulphite anhydrous , benzalkonium chloride ( e339 ), tyloxapol , povidone ( k29 %), disodium edetate and sodium hydroxide . ( see section 2 " beromun contains sodium "), water for injections . what beromune looks like and contents of the pack beromunit is a clear 
dzuveo is a medicine that contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . sufencenil is used to treat acute moderate to severe pain in adults who are already taking other medicines for their addiction .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of these apply to you : - you have a severe lung or breathing problem . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose if your breathing is slow , or you may need to take other medicines , such as medicines for asthma , wheezing and shortness of breath . if at any time you have these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy in this age group has not been established . this medicine should not be given to children under 6 years , because there is no information to show that it would be safe for
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of dzuveo is one inhalation twice a day , starting at the same time each day . - the effects of sufentanil last for 24 hours ; therefore , you should continue the treatment for as long as you need to . your doctor will tell you how long you should take this medication . it is important to take the medicine before going to bed , and to avoid any pain in the tongue after you have spoken to your doctor . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it may cause your tongue to burn . you should not eat or drink anything in the morning as this may affect the way the medicine is absorbed and may make you feel hot . swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . how long to take
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following serious or potentially life - threatening side effects during or after your treatment : - breathing problems , slow and shallow breathing ( side effects that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - contact your doctor immediately . side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ), were nausea ( feeling sick ) and vomiting ( being sick ), or feeling hot . in children and adolescents side effects were reported in children aged 6 to 17 years with a history of inability or difficulty sleeping , feeling anxious or confused . these effects were mostly mild to moderate in nature and resolved within a few days after starting treatment . other side effects have also been reported : common ( may effect up to1 in 10 children ): inability
what supemtek contains - the active substance is sufentanil . each sublingual tablet contains 15 micrograms sufenceanil ( as citrate ).  the other ingredients are mannitol and dicalcium phosphate , all in the tablet core ; hypromellose , croscarmellose sodium , indigo carmine ( e132 ), stearic acid , magnesium sterarate , sunset yellow fcf aluminium lake , and carnauba wax . what epclusa looks like and contents of the pack epenject is a yellow , oval - shaped , film - coated tablet with " s200 " debossed on one side . the tablets are provided in blister packs containing 10 , 30 , 60 , 90 or
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance apalutamide . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has not spread to other parts of the body and no longer responds to medical or surgical treatment that lowers testosterone ( also called castration - resistant prostate cancer ). if your prostate cancer has spread to another part of your body or is not found to be present in your urine or blood , it may take 2 - 3 weeks for you to find the solution . if you have prostate cancer which is not able to be removed by treatment with an anti - cancer medicine , erleda may be prescribed for you because your cancer has a high level of testosterone testosterone in patients who have not tried other treatments or are intolerant to treatments that have been given or have not worked if other treatments have proved unsuccessful .
do not take erleada : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if there is still a possibility that you could be pregnant , you must use an effective contraception technique ( contraception ) to prevent seizures and to prevent blood clots , e . g . warfarin or acenocoumarol . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have any heart or blood vessel conditions , including : heart rhythm problems ( arrhythmia ), or you have ever had a fall during your treatment with any medicine . you are at high risk of falling . it is important that you tell your doctor if any of these apply to you before taking , during or after treatment , as it may increase the risk of
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of erleada is one 400 mg tablet once a day by mouth . your doctor may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may change the way the tablet is swallowed . you will usually take a tablet at the same time each day , but this will be for one week . take the tablet before a meal , preferably in the morning . the tablet can be taken with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same times every day . this will help you to remember to take it . it is important that you keep taking the tablets every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( these may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): non - elevated , target - like patches on the trunk , blisters , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ; skin rashes , fever , and flu- like symptoms ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). reporting of side effects 25 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what desiccant contains - the active substance is apalutamide . each film - coated tablet contains 1 mg apalutaMIDe -the other ingredients are colloidal anhydrous silica , croscarmellose sodium ( e468 ), hypromellose acetate succinate , magnesium stearate and silicified microcrystalline cellulose . the tablets are film coated with iron oxide black and iron oxide red , mostly in the talc . there are no tablets in the tablet core ; however , the tablet coating contains iron oxide yellow and macrogol 400 and polyvinyl alcohol , partially hydrolysed and titanium dioxide [ e171 ]) ( see the end of section 2 for further information on these medicines ). see section 2 . what duaklir looks like and contents of the pack the tablet is white to off - white
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . axumin contains the active substance fluciclovine . it is used as a " pet scan " in adults who have not previously been treated for prostate cancer . your doctor has performed the tests to find out if you have a prostate specific antigen ( psa ) in your blood or if your cancer has not responded sufficiently to the scan . the aim of ayumin is to identify and destroy tumours that have been present in the tumour by selectively attaching to a specific target called tumour - specific peptide ( tnf ), which is present at increased levels in the blood of some types of cancer cells . after the scan has been performed , a scan will be performed by your doctor to show that the cancer has spread to and emits radioactivity . you will only
do not use axumin : - if you are allergic to fluciclovine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine if : you are breast - feeding you are due to have kidney problems you are on a low sodium diet . you are going to have a 0 . 5 - hour period before you start your medicine , so that you are able to start treatment again . it is important to keep to the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor , especially during the first 6 months of your treatment . before you receive , or during treatment , your doctor will monitor you with some blood samples and ensure that there is no medicine left in the body . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children below the age of 18 because it has not been
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . medicines radiolabelled with axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this product will only ever be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . dose the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity ( dose ) and duration of the procedure to be used . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult ranges from 0 . 5 to 1 ml ( megabecquerel , the unit used to express radioactivity ). administration of a / or anaesthetic for injection follows the instructions for an authorised carrier . after administration of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with axumin : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) injection site reactions , such as pain , rash , altered taste in the mouth , or altered sense of smell . these could be signs of the injection - site reaction . for more information , refer to the package leaflet of the particular medicine to be administered . if you get any side effects tell your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what axumin contains - the active substance is fluciclovine . - each ml of solution for injection / infusion contains 20 mg / 3 . 5 mg of flucclovine ( as monoclonal antibody ). - one vial of 2 . 25 mL solution contains 400 mg % of the total solution , corresponding to a concentration of 10 . 3 mg . the other ingredients are : sodium citrate , concentrated hydrochloric acid ( e507 ) and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of ayutiosin ') solvent : water for injections the solution contains a clear , colourless or pale yellow solution . each pack contains 1 glass vial with a rubber stopper and
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called carbonic anhydrase inhibitors . it works by reducing the amount of fluid that reaches the eye and so reduces the pressure . aezopt is used to treat adults and children aged 1 year and above with high pressure in the eye , also called glaucoma . by lowering the pressure in your eye aZopt helps to reduce pressure within the first 12 hours after removing the medicine and it helps to improve your sight .
do not take azopt if you : - are allergic to brinzolamide , to other sulphonamide medicines ( medicines to treat diabetes ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - have or have had infections , or are taking diuretics ( water tablets ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have kidney or liver problems you have dry eyes or cornea problems you are being treated with medicines containing a medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody ' you are using other medicines which contain a group of medicines called ' oral anti - hiv - ii receptor antagonists ' ( i . e . medicines for the treatment of glaucoma ). tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents do not
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . only use azopt for your eyes ( ocular use ). the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use the medicine at around the same time each day . instructions for use follow these instructions carefully and ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if there is anything you do not understand . how to use 1 2 zopt bottles : wash your hands before you start . take the bottle and twist off the cap . after cap is removed , if tamper evident snap collar is loose , remove before using product . hold the bottle . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your eye .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects reported in clinical studies for patients taking azopt were : common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - effects in the eye : blurred vision - eye irritation - persistent eye pain , eye discharge - itchy eye , dry eye - abnormal eye sensation - redness of the eye reporting of side effects 23 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what azopt contains - the active substance is brinzolamide . each millilitre of the solution for injection contains 10 mg of brinzolidine .  the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride ( e262 ), carbomer 994p , edetate disodium , Mannitol , purified water , sodium chloride and tyloxapol . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid or sodium hydroxide solution may be added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal . what zopt looks like and the contents of the pack - one 5 ml plastic bottle with a screw cap . it is available in packs of 1 or 5 . not all pack sizes may be marketed . the bottle is white and the syringe is marked with " 1 " on the bottle .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . they work by lowering the amount of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood . for example , in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ), it can be used for : - treat type 1 diabetes where your body does not make enough insulin or if you are taking other medicines for diabetes ( such as a sulphonylurea or pancreas ). you have type 2 diabetes if your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly , and you do not respond normally to the insulin your body produces does not work as well as it should . in both types of diabetes , this may be caused by the way for insulin is absorbed into your body . this leads
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking forexiga : 30 - you experience feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , rapid weight loss . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in the urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetes is increased with prolonged dehydration , especially when you are
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . forxiga should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of diabetes . you should take your medicine once a day , preferably at the same time each day . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . remember to take these other medicines as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . people with a liver problem may need a lower starting dose of 4 mg for each kilogram of body weight . if this applies to you , then the maximum dose should not exceed 4 mg / kg . how to take for example , you can take it with or without food . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . patients with type 1 diabetes should adhere to their
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : angioedema , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). these are the signs or symptoms of angiooedem : swelling mainly of the face , tongue or throat , difficulties swallowing , hives and breathing problems diabetic ketoacidosis . if you have type 1 diabetes or type 2 diabetes , you are at risk of developing these symptoms , which can be fatal ( see also section 2 . under " warnings and precautions "). this is more likely if people have increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood . this may make you feel sick or be sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing . your doctor may decide to temporarily
what forxiga contains - the active substance is dapagliflozin . each foryiga 5 mg film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 5 mg dapaglliflonozin propanediol monohydrate , equivalent to 5 mg ofdapaglifflo Zin . the other ingredients are : - tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460i ), crospovidone ( type a ), silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate . - film coating : polyvinyl alcohol - part hydrolysed , titanium dioxide e171 , macrogol 3350 , talc , iron oxide yellow e172 . see section 2 , " forXiga contains lactose ". what forexiga looks like and contents of the pack film ogivri is a
mifamurtide belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . these medicines work by stopping the growth of certain bacteria which cause an immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). in patients with osteosarcoma ( bone cancer ) it is used between 2 and 30 years after surgery to remove the tumour . it is given in combination with chemotherapy to prevent the cancer from growing . when cancer cells have spread ( metastasised ), the immune system is able to destroy the cancer cells back to normal .
do not use mepact if you : are allergic to mifamurtide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). are taking ciclosporin , calcineurin inhibitors , non - steroidal - anti - inflammation drugs ( nsaids ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine : you have been told that you have an increased risk of heart and blood vessels resulting from blood clots ( thrombosis ) or bleeding ( haemorrhage ). you have severe inflammation of the veins ( vasculitis ) that has not been treated before . it is important that you tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . a small number of people being treated with ampact have had a long - lasting after beginning mepac
mepact will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor , nurse or pharmacist . it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into your vein , over a period of 30 minutes . the recommended dose for adults is 3 vials ( a total of 60 mg mifamurtide ), followed by 3 injections ( chemotherapy ). each vial contains a freeze - dried powder which will be mixed with a solvent to form a liquid before being given . a course of treatment usually lasts for 1 to 3 weeks . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . how much and how often you will receive your treatment depending on your illness , your doctor may slow down , or stop your treatment if you experience certain side effects such as fever , chills , fatigue , nausea , vomiting , headache 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during clinical studies in adults , chills , fever and fatigue ( transient ) need for paracetamol ( to reduce the fever ) were reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience fever , stomach problems such as nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite occurred , and the chemotherapy should be stopped immediately . tell your doctor immediately if your fever or chills begin to worsen . they may be signs of an infection . rash , problems breathing , wheezing . these are usually mild to moderate and usually go away after a few days or weeks of treatment . stomach problems are very common in children and adolescents . other side effects have been reported with similar frequencies in children 4 to 17 years of age , except for diarrhoea and
what mavenclad contains - the active substance is mifamurtide . each tablet contains 10 mg of mIfamurthide , equivalent to 2 . 2 mg / 0 . 5 ml when reconstituted as recommended . the other ingredients ( excipients ) are : 1 - palmitoyl - 2 - oleoyro  - grazocero - 3- phosphocholine ( e310 ) and 2  dioleonyl- sn- glycero- 3 - dephospho- l- serine monosodium salt . what maviret looks like and contents of the pack mavenet is supplied as a white to off - white nasal spray suspension in a foil pouch . pack size of one bottle .
mirvaso contains the active substance brimonidine , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha agonists . this medicine is used on the skin of the face to reduce redness ( rosacea ) and to reduce the level of redness in the face when associated with symptoms . rozlytrek is used to treat adults with high levels of blood flow to the facial skin , with or without enlargement and dilation of the small blood vessels . the medicine works by blocking the effect of a natural hormone called vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which causes the blood vessels to tighten , thus increasing the blood flow , and redness .
do not use mirvaso - if you are allergic to brimonidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions serious side effects on the skin depression and parkinson ' s disease have been reported in patients receiving monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . selegiline , moclobemide ), tricyclic antidepressants ( such as imipramine , tetracyclic antidepressants , such as maprotiline or mianserin ) or mirtazapin . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . during treatment your doctor may decide to stop your treatment temporarily or permanently . you should also tell your doctor about any other medicines you are taking , including medicines obtained without a prescription 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . apply mirvaso as a thin layer to affected areas of your face . do not cover the skin with bandages or other body surfaces , eyes , mouth , nose or vagina . how much to use adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one 2 . 5 mg tablet once a day , for at least one week . this can be done in the morning and evening , or in the evening . adolescents aged 12 to  18 years the recommended starting dose is 1 . 25 mg , 2 mg or 3 mg . your doctor will decide the right dose based on your body surface and / or mood swings . use in adolescents and children aged between 1 and 17 years : one 5 mg dose is usually given every two weeks . before
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin irritation or inflammation . skin rash ( with or without skin pain or discomfort ). dry skin . warm skin sensation and / or tingling sensation of pins and needles or swelling of the face . uncommon side effects ( may effect less than 1 in 100 people ]: rosacea . contact allergy . allergic reaction , which may include rash , itching , hives and swelling of your face other side effects have occurred in a very small number of people but their exact frequency is unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). contact your doctor if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of contact allergy ( e . g . swelling 
what mirvaso contains - the active substance is brimonidine . each millilitre of the solution for injection contains 92 milligrams . - each 20 ml vial contains 102 milligramms of brimoniidine ( equivalent to 62 . 02 mg briMONidine tartrate ) and 232 milliliters of other medicines including methylparahydroxybenzoate ( e218 ), phenoxyethanol , glycerol ( 85 %) and capsule shell : opadry ii yellow 95 %, propylene glycol , sodium hydroxide , and purified water . see section 2 . the medicine contains only 150 mg methyl parahydroxybenzoneate and 150 mg propane glycol when reconstituted as recommended . it is a clear , colourless liquid contained in a glass bottle .
aybintio contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevespi binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . this allows the blood vessels to expand and provide the nutrients and oxygen to the tumour . bevepriv is injected into one of the main blood vessels that transport blood through the body for about 6 hours , before it can be given to you . the target of egf is cancer in the large bowel , i . e ., in the colon or rectum . it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy treatment 
do not use mvasi if you are hypersensitive ( allergic ) to bevacizumab or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic ( hypersensitive ), - pregnant , or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using , while you are being given this medicine . the effects on breast enlargement in women are not known , and the safety and efficacy are not yet known . it is important to tell your healthcare professional if any of these apply to you . before you are given , your doctor will check that the appropriate precautions have been taken and will explain the risks involved with the treatment . if : you have holes in the gut wall or inflammation inside the abdomen ( diverticulitis ), stomach ulcers ( colitis associated with chemotherapy ), please tell your
mvasi must be given to you by a doctor with experience in cancer treatment . dose and frequency of administration the recommended dose for adults is 6 mg . if you receive a higher dose , you will be treated with a lower dose ( 0 . 5 mg ). you may need to be treated for longer . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in combination with other medicines for high blood pressure . it should not be used in children or adolescents less than 18 years of age . dosage and frequencyof administration the infusion will be given by infusion ( drip ) into a vein over 60 minutes . for all subsequent infusions , the number of doses given will depend on how well the medicine is working and for how long . your doctor will discuss this with you . method and route of administration this medicine has to be diluted with sodium chloride solution before use . before m
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects listed below were seen when mvasi was given together with chemotherapy . these side effects were mostly mild in nature and short term . you should expect to be treated for these effects as soon as possible after your chemotherapy has ended . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): allergic reactions ( uncommon ) these may include difficulty in breathing or chest pain . signs of redness or flushing of the skin or rash , chills and shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : diarrhoea . other side effects that have
what mvasi contains - the active substance is bevacizumab . each ml of concentrate contains 25 mg or 50 mg of bevespizumabe , corresponding to 1 . 4 to 16 . 5 mg / dl when diluted as recommended the other ingredients are : trehalose dihydrate , sodium phosphate , polysorbate 20 , and water for injections . see section 2 for further information about the contents of the pack . the concentrate is a clear to opalescent , colourless to pale brown liquid in a glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and a plastic flip - off cap : each vial contains 100 mg or 400 mg beveled up to a maximum of 100 mg bewed up to 400 mg in one vial . if you are already taking the 400
mantle cell lymphoma is a type of white blood cell called gene therapy . it belongs to a group of medicines called " gene - therapy ". it works by preventing the disease from spreading to other parts of the body . this medicine works by inhibiting the growth of certain types of cells , such as white blood cells ( autologous anti - cd19 - transduced ccd3 + cells ). in patients with this disease , the body produces too many of the abnormal white cells . neorecormon is used to treat hepatitis b as a means that the disease has come back or has not responded to other therapies that have been tried but have not worked or are not suitable for you . mantled cell lymphopenia ( mcl ) is an illness of the lymph tissue , usually in the bone m
do not use zynrelef - if you are allergic to epoetin zeta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if : - you have white blood cells that have been collected during or after treatment with chemotherapy . if white cells are sent back into your bloodstream ( autologous use ). tests will be performed before and during treatment with this medicine , your doctor will : test your lungs , heart , kidney and blood pressure . check your blood pressure regularly , as you may have an infection or inflammation or have a type of cancer called graft versus - host disease , where the transplant is placed in your body . symptoms may include rash , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea 
tecartus will be given to you by a doctor , nurse or pharmacist . the dose will depend on your weight . your doctor will calculate the amount of white blood cells you need and tell you how often to take it . if white cells are collected from your blood , the doctor will take some of your blood into a vein . this procedure ( called leukapheresis ) takes about 10 minutes and can be repeated up to three times a day . some of the cells are removed from the vein and given back to you after the procedure . use in children and adolescents the usual dose for children is 3 to 6 mg / kg for each kilogram of body weight , given once every three weeks . in some children , more than one dose of 2 , 000 - 3 , 600 - 6 , 700 - 8 , 800 - 900 iu /
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fever and chills reduced blood pressure , which may cause dizziness and lightheadedness fluid in the lungs ( cytokine release syndrome ) loss of consciousness ( decreased level of consciousness ) confusion , memory loss , disturbances of brain function , difficulty speaking , slurred speech , involuntary shaking / tremor , shaking of the muscles , restless legs syndrome , fainting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , dry mouth
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . diluted solution from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately , but no longer than 3 hours after reconstitution . the reconstituted solution can be stored for up to 24 hours at room temperature ( below 25 ) or up to a maximum of 25 - 25 . when prepared from dilution with the supplied solvent provided , sterilised water for injections or other suitable storage conditions are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours below 2 . after preparation , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for
what advate contains - the active substance is autologous anti - cd19 - transduced cm3 + cells . each vial contains 3 , 000 iu in 3 ml of solution for infusion , corresponding to a concentration of 3  109 / kg / min . - after reconstitution , the cells are diluted with at least 0 . 9 % sodium chloride solution for injection , and human albumin solution for subretinal administration . see section 2 " ablavar looks like and contents of the pack the medicine is a clear to slightly opalescent and colourless to slightly yellow solution . it is supplied in a pre - filled syringe with an attached stainless steel needle and needle cap , which is supplied with an automatic needle guard . one pack contains : -
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase -4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . it helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with certain other medicines ( insulin , metformin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). what is type 2 diabetic ? type2 diabetes is an inherited condition in which your body does not make enough insulin ; the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should .
do not take januvia : - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatic titis ) have been reported in patients receiving janusvia . your doctor may ask you to stop the treatment . follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . before you start a new dose , it is important to make sure that your medicine is working properly so that the body produces enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood . the warning signs of a condition called bullous pemphigoid are listed at the end of section 4 . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . do not use jan
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual recommended dose is : one 100 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth unless you have kidney problems . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on this diet while you are taking januvia . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . this medicine is for oral use . take the tablet before a meal or some food . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . to benefit from your medicine , take it at least 1 hour before or 2 hours after the meal . you can take the tablets either with or without food or just after food to reduce the amount of sugar in your blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking januvia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreitatitis ). a serious allergic reaction has been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): rash , hives , blisters on the skin , peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your symptoms . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( frequency not
what januvia contains - the active substance is sitagliptin . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains sitaglin phosphate monohydrate , equivalent to 25 mg of sitaglittin each . the other ingredients are : in the tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), calcium hydrogen phosphorus , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate and sodium stearyl fumarate . in addition , the film coating contains : poly ( vinyl alcohol ), macrogol 3350 , titanium dioxide , red iron oxide and yellow iron oxide . see section 2 " janus contains lactose ". what junuvia looks like and contents of the pack round , pink film coated tablet with " 515 " debossed on one side . opaque blisters ( pvc / pe
xultophy contains the active substance liraglutide which is made by recombinant dna technology . it is a modified insulin which helps lower your blood glucose ( blood glucose ) level . in treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus , this medicine is used if your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood or where your body is unable to use the insulin it produces . your body makes too much sugar . this is because the body is not able to use its own insulin and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . you may already be taking one or more of the following medicines : insulin degludec , a basal insulin , helps your blood sugar to a normal level , either by lowering the amount of insulin you produce , or by changing the insulin oint
do not take xultophy : if you are allergic to insulin degludec , liraglutide , any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or to any other sulfonylurea ( such as glimepiride or glibenclamide ), which are also used to lower blood sugar levels . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes mellitus or ketoacidosis . your doctor will be monitoring your condition more closely , and will prescribe additional treatment if necessary . you have been told you need to take the following medicines in order to avoid this : inflammation bowel disease with delayed gastric emptying ( diabetic gastroparesis ). if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor before taking
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use blind or poor eyesight - you need to have good eyesight and are able to read the dose counter on the pen . your doctor may need to change your dose . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take xultophy with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may cause problems with your blood sugar . see section 2 under ' how to use the 3 - dose container '. use in children and adolescents dose in adolescents and children below the age of 6 years is not recommended . the dose in children below 6 years of age is not considered to be different from that seen in adults . always use the dose recommended by your doctor as described below
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects low blood sugar may occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). if your blood sugar level gets too low , you may pass out ( become unconscious ). serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . if you have symptoms of low blood glucose , act immediately and change your dose of actelsar hct . the level of sugar in your blood may get too low due to the injection or by your partner ' s aids . this may cause symptoms of high sugar in the blood . even when this happens , do not act immediately . further symptoms are listed in section 2 under ' warnings and precautions '. the most common side effects are : common : may affect 1 to 10 in 100 people : low blood
what liraglutide genuair contains - the active substance is insulin degludec . each ml of solution contains 100 units ( equivalent to 3 . 5 mg ) of insulin degl . one pre - filled pen contains 300 units of insulin desgl or 3000 units . - each pen contains 3 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 60 , 90 , 100 , 150 , 200 or 300 micrograms of diabetes mellitus . the other ingredients are glycerol , phenol , zinc acetate , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). what tresiba looks like and contents of the pack the pen is white to off - white , with a rubber stopper and an aluminium seal with
afatinib teva pharma is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . it is used to treat adults with advanced non - small cell lung cancer , whose disease has not responded to other therapies ( such as chemotherapy ). prior to receiving adakveo pharma , you had a discussion with your doctor about the possibility of continuing with your chemotherapy .
do not take giotrif if you are allergic to afatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have a low body weight , or severe kidney problems . you are more likely to get side effects if your medicine is not properly regulated or has a severe lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease ). you have liver problems and your doctor may decide to carry out tests before and during treatment with this medicine you have an increased risk of liver problems ( see " taking other medicines "). your doctor will take regular blood tests during treatment to check how well your liver is working and to detect any signs of liver disease . eye problems , such as dry eyes , have or have had inflammation around the eye ( conjunctivitis ), or any other problems with
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of giotrif is 300 mg by mouth once daily . your doctor may increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . children and adolescents ( aged between 12 and 17 years and weighing at least 30 kg ): the usual starting dose is 100 mg per kg of body weight . the maximum dose is 200 mg / kg every 12 hours . taking this medicine you can take with or without food or between meals . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not crush , chew or break the tablets as it may affect the way the medicine is absorbed and may make you feel unwell . this may cause side effects such as hearing things , seeing or sensing things that are not there . if a child swallows the tablets
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with giotrif : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea during or immediately after the infusion of pioglitazone ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "): at the beginning of treatment your doctor will monitor your condition closely during treatment . at the start of treatment the rate of the subsequent doses will be increased by your doctor in the different stages of treatment : diarirhea may be severe , with or without fluid loss ( e . g . decrease in kidney function ). in some patients with severe or persistent diarration , these symptoms will be treated immediately . your doctor may start you on antidiarrheal treatment ( at least 15 minutes prior to starting antidisarr
what giotrif contains - the active substance is afatinib . each film - coated tablet contains 150 mg , 200 mg or 300 mg of a fatinibe . - other ingredients ( excipients ) are : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , crospovidone , magnesium stearate in the tablet core ; hypromellose , macrogol 400 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), polysorbate 80 and water for injections . see section 2 . what your doctor looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is presented as white to off - white , capsule - shaped , biconvex and marked with " gsi " on one side and " 150 " on the other side . the tablet can be divided
ulunar breezhaler contains the active substance lumacaftor . it is an anti - cystic fibrosis medicine ( il - 171 ) that works more effectively in patients with cf , a condition where the lungs become damaged and blocked with thick , sticky mucus . the resulting effect is a reduction in lung function , which may help you to gain weight .
do not use orkambi : if you are allergic to lumacaftor / ivacaftrior or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). check with your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you use orki : ork Ambi is not a medicine and should only be used as a pain reliever . it is important that you take all your medicines exactly as your doctor prescribes them . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , temporarily or permanently , if necessary . before you start orki treatment , your doctor will either test your blood before and during treatment with this medicine to make sure that your liver or kidney disease is not too high . when you are treated with orkli , you will have abnormal blood tests to check how well your liver
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . orkambi should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of rashes . your doctor will decide whether you should start or continue with this medicine , or whether you will gradually increase your dose depending on how well you respond to treatment . the maximum daily dose is 300 mg ( two 150 mg capsules ) taken once a day in the morning . in this case , the maximum dose is 750 mg ( four 150 mg injections ). if your liver is not working properly , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , e . g . 250 mg ( one 200 mg capsule ) once . this will be done by your doctor once every day , in the evening , with food . taking this medicine swallow the capsule whole with a glass of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects of orkambi alone are ivacaftor and can be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following side effects ( see also section 2 ): raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood , which may be a sign of liver injury or worsening liver disease ( decrease in liver function ). the most frequently reported side effects are pain or discomfort in the stomach ( abdominal ) area yellowing of the skin or the white part of the eyes ( jaundice ). most of these effects are mild to moderate and usually disappear as you continue to take the tablets . side effects from clinical studies were reduced or mild in nature and short term . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching 
what orkambi contains - the active substances are lumacaftor and ivacaftrior . - each orklima 150 mg / 850 mg film - coated tablet contains 150 mg of lumancaftingor and 500 mg ivacastor ( see the end of section 2 ). - every orklimma 300 mg 1/ 1 , 000 mg film- coated tablets contains 300 mg of the active ingredients ( corresponding to 300 mg in the form of a microcrystalline form , called croscarmellose sodium , hypromellose acetate succinate , povidone ( k30 ), sodium laurilsulfate and magnesium stearate ( see also section 2 " orkyma contains sodium "). the other ingredients are : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macro
what lynparza is and how it works lyNparza contains the active substance ' olaparib '. this is a type of cancer which can kill you if you are taking a parp inhibitor ( a polymerase inhibitor ). it is used to treat advanced breast cancer in adults when other treatments have not worked or you are at risk of it dying . it helps protect you from getting worse by slowing down the growth of cancer cells and cutting off the blood supply that your cancer needs . some patients with advanced stages of breast cancer who have had cancer before have been treated with parps , may have died , or may have had to repair dna ( so - called cd4+ lymphocytes ). what is lyndparza used for the treatment of ovarian cancer - where cancer cells have specific mutations of a protein called brca 
do not take lynparza : - if you are allergic to olaparib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before or while taking this medicine if any of these apply to you , or if they are you are not sure , please discuss this with your doctor or nurse . before starting treatment with the medicine , your doctor will carry out tests to check your blood cell counts before and during treatment to check the counts of your red or white blood cells and platelet counts . the risk of side effects may be increased with treatment such as fever , infection , bruising or bleeding . this can happen anywhere from a bone marrow to a certain type of white blood cell called myelodysplastic syndrome ( mds
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose of lynparza is 10 mg once a day . your doctor may adjust the dose during treatment if your body does not tolerate the higher dose . the maximum dose that you can take is 10 . 5 mg twice daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment , the dose may be increased or decreased by your doctor to 10 mg twice per day , up to 15 mg once daily , or 30 mg once weekly , depending on the side effects that you may experience . take the total daily dose in the evening . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not open or crush the tablet . it is best to take your daily dose at the same time every day and evening as this will help you to remember to take it 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling short of breath , feeling very tired , pale skin , fast heart beat ( anaemia ) common : may affect up to 1 in10 people : allergic reactions , such as hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness . hypersensitivity reactions . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling tired or weak , agitation , nervousness , abnormal dreams , nightmares . these are very common side effects that may show up in blood tests . they are usually mild to moderate in nature . if they do occur they will usually stop working properly and you will need
what lynparza contains - the active substance is olaparib . each hard capsule contains 180 mg of the active drug . the other ingredients are : lauroyl macrogol - 32 glycerides , hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), potassium acetate , iron oxide black and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( k30 ) ( see section 2 ). - each luer lock case contains 19 . 5 mg / 160 mg of aliparib ( astrazeneca logo ) and 1 , 000 mg olau / 200 mg film - coated tablets ( s ) comprising 3 cartons , each carton containing 28 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called " anaesthetics ", which act against the effects of opioids . these include methadone , fentanyl ( e322 ), oxycodone , buprenorphine / morphine . you should only be given a positive opioid opinion on the use of this medicine if you have been given an opioid overdose . however , an overdose can cause severe breathing problems and sleepiness . in adults , this medicine is used to prevent opioid overdiuretics and to prevent overdose by prescribing certain medicines for their use . emergency medical care should be available to you in case of need .
do not use nyxoid : - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - contact your doctor immediately for emergency medical care or emergency services . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . opioid overdose is a very rare event in patients who have been treated with opioids . they should be observed for at least 2 to 3 days after the last dose of the nasal spray . this is because you are physically dependent and needing to use other medicines to control the withdrawal symptoms . patients who are already receiving opioids may be dependent on the dose of their opioids ( e . g . methadone , fentanyl ), oxycodone , buprenorphine or morphine ). withdrawal symptoms have been observed in patients
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . nyxoid is given as a subcutaneous injection ( injection under your shoulders and ears ). it should be given at least 24 hours after your last dose of medicine . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . how much to use adults ( including the elderly ) the recommended dose is 2 syringes ( a total of 6 doses ) given once a day . your doctor will decide how many doses are needed based on your body weight . the recommended starting dose is 4 . 2 ml ( 0 . 6 mg ) every 12 hours , as instructed by your doctor . this will be given as an injection under the breastbone , sternum or ear . use the pre - filled 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects were mainly seen while patients were being given the medicine or shortly after (" infusion related effects "). withdrawal symptoms have been seen with the use of opioid drugs . they include very fast heart rate and high blood pressure . very common ( these may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) body aches , stomach cramps , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , goose boumps , shivering or trembling , changes in behaviour including violent behaviour , nervousness , restlessness , depression , and sexual dysfunctions such as feelings of aggression , aggressiveness or an inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviour
what nyvepria contains - the active substance is naloxone . each ml of solution contains 20 mg of nn loxone ( as hydrochloride dihydrate ) or 40 mg trisodium citrate dihydrate ( for ph adjustment ), sodium chloride , water for injections ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine ') and hydrochiloric acid , sodium hydroxide and purified water . what the drug looks like and contents of the pack the medicine is a clear , colourless solution for injection . it is supplied in a single - use clear glass vial , closed with a rubber stopper and sealed with an aluminium seal , to protect it from light . the vials contain 20 mg or 60 mg nrooling . if you need
gonal - f contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called ' gonadotropin ', a type of hormone that plays an important role in human fertility and reproduction . the body produces very low levels of a substance called c1 inhibitor ( flh ) which is found in your blood and which helps your ovaries develop and develop many different features . ogivri is a medicine used for the treatment of adult men who are pregnant or who are breastfeeding . there are three groups : ovulation is caused by the high levels of an enzyme called lupinalfa ( luteinising hormone ) in the blood ( also called fsh ). there are different organs in the body that produce a naturally high level of lutropin
do not use saccharomyces cerevisiae : - if you are allergic to follitropin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). your ovaries may have large sacs of fluids within the gullet ( ovarian cysts ) or other organs in your brain . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bemfola if : your doctor thinks you have an uncontrolled vaginal bleeding . this is because it could be a result of cancer of the ovary , womb or breasts . in this case , you should contact your doctor immediately since , in rare cases , it is possible that you could have
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : one implant is given by injection into the tissue just under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 6 years because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . use in women with irregular periods the first 7 days of the menstrual cycle should be started at the lowest dose possible . if your doctor decides that you should use an hcg ( laboratory test ) before you start using this medicine , your doctor will make sure that you have the right amount of medicine . this is because ovaleap is given to you at least once a month ( intrauterine insemination ) as an injection before you are given the sperm in the womb or sac 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions such as skin rash or raised itchy skin have been rarely reported . allergic reactions with weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing and swelling of the face have been reported during treatment with this type of reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop using ovaleap and tell your doctor immediately . side effects that may occur uncommonly include : stomach ache which may be accompanied by nausea and vomiting . these may be the first signs of a recurrence of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ). it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines used for these medicines for further information on their use and
what ovaleap contains - the active substance is follitropin alfa . - each ml of solution for injection contains 45 iu ( international units ). - every other pre - filled pen contains 45 international units ( miu ) ( 6 . 5 micrograms ) fiu . after reconstitution , each 0 . 2 microlitre syringe contains 1 . 3 microgram ( 8 . 6 microgram ) of fvio ( 6 microlitres ). each 2 . 4 microgram solution contains 3 . 7 microgram( 8 milligram ). the other ingredients are : sodium dihydrogen phosphate dihydrate , sodium hydroxide , mannitol , methionine , polysorbate 20 , benzoyl alcohol and benzalkonium chloride
voriconazole hikma contains the active substance vorikonazole which belongs to a group of medicines called antifungal medicines . it is used to prevent and treat infections in adults and children over the age of 2 . this medicine is used for the treatment of : invasive aspergillosis ( a type of fungal infection due to invasive candidaemia ) in adults , adolescents and children at least 1 year of age , and who are non - neutropenic ( if white blood cells count is too low ) candida sp . infections when the spores are small , the cells in the blood may become severely invasive ( invasive ) and cause recurrence of the disease . in people with weakened immune systems ( such as coccidioides ), the medicine may be used to treat fungal infections caused by fung
do not take voriconazole hikma : - if you are allergic to the active ingredient or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . you may need to take other medicines , including herbal medicines . the medicines in the following list must not be taken while you are on this medicine : some of the medicines you may already be taking are not listed in this leaflet . do not switch between taking these medicines unless your doctor tells you to . talk to your doctor about other medicines that you might be taking , especially those containing terfenadine ( used for allergy ) astemizole ( used to treat allergy ), cisapride ( a medicine used for stomach problems ) pimozide ( used in the treatment of mental illness ) quinidine
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine your dose depending on your weight and the type of infection you have . the recommended dose for adults ( including elderly patients ) is as follows : intravenous dose for the first 24 hours ( loading dose ) 7 mg / kg twice a day for 7 days ( maintenance dose ). use in children and adolescents this medicinal product should be used only in case of cirrhosis . this medicine should not be used in children below the age of 12 years or teenagers and teenagers ( including adolescents aged 12 to 14 years ) who are not weighing less than 50 kg and who are taking other medicines ( such as voriconazole ) for prevention of fungal infections , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . higher doses may be necessary to reduce the risk of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any side effects occur , most are likely to be minor and temporary . however , some may be serious and need medical attention . serious side effects stop taking voriconazole hikma and see a doctor immediately - rash - jaundice ; changes in blood tests of liver function - pancreatitis other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - visual impairment ( change in vision including blurred vision , visual color alterations , abnormal intolerance to visual perception of light , colour blindness ). this is a severe eye disorder that can cause halo vision ( night blindness and swinging vision ), incontinence ( a state of increased level of ammonia in the blood ) and / or an increase in the
what voriconazole hikma contains - the active substance is pregelatinised starch , croscarmellose sodium , povidone , magnesium stearate , all in the tablet core ; hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), lactose monohydrate , triacetin , indigo carmine . - each sachet contains 50 milligrams of vorikonazole ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are : - tablet core ( containing maize ), talc , water for injections ( see section 2 , " vorigail ahcl contains lactoses "), maize starch ( maize and haric ) - ingredient ( excipient ( gluten free )) opadry ii
what is ebola virus disease ? people who are given the vaccine will be vaccinated against a guerilla virus disease in the future . because of the possibility of getting a lot of gueguerilla , it is important to follow the instructions of the doctor , pharmacist or nurse regarding the vaccinations that have been given to you . what is the value of a vaccine ? a person who is sick , usually young , has a body weight of at least 6 . 5 kg . the vaccine can be given with or without food . if you are not sure about what to do , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . how does the vaccine work ? adults who are already infected with a very rare type of filovirus , have had the last dose of one of the three vaccines . none of the ingredients in the vaccine
you should not receive mvabea if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . there is a rare chance that you may experience an allergic reaction after receiving a dose of gentamicin . this is because the vaccine contains traces of an allergen ( e . g . egg and chicken protein ) contained in the vaccine , which can be present in later doses . therefore , tell your doctor or nurse if any of these apply to you . should you have any further questions about your vaccine allergy , ask your doctor before having this vaccine injection . you have ever fainted following , or even before , any injection with a single dose . medical treatment may be necessary . have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . currently
your doctor or nurse will inject the vaccine into a muscle ( intramuscular injection ) in the upper arm or thigh , depending on the blood vessel or on your child ' s age . the recommended dose is : first dose of vaccination with zabdeno vaccine , followed around 8 weeks later by a dose of mvabea vaccine . second vaccine of the vaccine will be given at least 6 weeks after the first vaccination . if you miss the second vaccination you should take the second vaccine at the usual time and at the scheduled time . it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse regarding return visits for the follow - up doses . reminder : please also read the ' instructions for use ' in section 6 of this leaflet . you will be told when you will need to go back to your doctor at least 4 weeks after you have completed the
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this vaccine . most of the side effects are mild to moderate . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , warmth or swelling where the injection is given feeling very tired muscle ache or joint pain being sick ( vomiting ) itching how common in children and adolescents , these side effects include : common in adults and children ( aged 2 - 17 years ) redness , skin hardness or itching at the site of injection common in adolescents and children . adults who received the first dose of the vaccine were more likely to experience itching when the injection was given . common in teenagers aged 12 to 35 years : these effects were mostly mild in nature and went away within a few days . they usually get better within 3 - 6 weeks of the second dose 
what gentamicin contains - the active substance is : 1 ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 3 . 3 mg of gentacin per vial , corresponding to 0 . 1 mg / cm2 at the date and time of calibration . - each vial contains 1 . 2 mg of trace residue from reconstituted solution after reconstitution with 5 . 5 mg of water for injections . the other ingredients are : sodium chloride , trometamol , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ). what grepid looks like and contents of the pack the solution is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow solution , supplied in a colourless glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and flip - off cap . each carton contains 1 vial of 0
iasibon contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates and is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called bone " metastases "). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ) it helps also to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or radiotherapy it is also used to treat a tumour that affects the blood supply to the tumour . the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones is one of a family member who makes their bones weaker .
do not take oxlumo if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( bone damage in the jaw ) has been reported in patients receiving bondronat ( a painful condition that can be potentially painful ). onj can also occur after stopping treatment with bone - feeding . in this case , tell your doctor and dentist that you are taking iasibon . before you start taking adrovance your doctor will test your jaw to see if it is safe to use this medicine . onj may not work as well if your doctor tells you to . it may be necessary to reduce the dose of your other medicines , as well as the usual precautions needed to avoid informing people with
your treatment with bondronat has been prescribed and supervised by a doctor experienced in cancer treatment . your doctor will calculate the dose according to your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on the results of your blood tests , your general condition and the nature of your illness . before the treatment begins , the usual dose is 1 . 5 mg / kg body weight once every 3 - 4 weeks . if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones , you will be given an infusion ( drip ) into your vein over 1 - 2 hours . the infusion may be given by infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). your doctor may reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or completely stop your treatment if your kidney problems are worsening 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a nurse or a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) persistent eye pain and inflammation new pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the talc bone . symptoms may include pain or sore in your mouth or jaw , which could lead to severe jaw problems ( necrosis ( dead bone tissue ) in the jaw bone ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in your face , lips , tongue or throat ). you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening
what iasibon contains - the active substance is ibandronic acid . one ampoule with 1 ml of a concentrate for solution for infusion contains 1 mg ( 4 mg ) i bandronic acids ( as sodium monohydrate ) the other ingredients are sodium chloride , acetic acid , sodium acetate , bromobutyl , water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given iialib . the amount of solution to be diluted is 0 . 9 mmol ( 20 mg / mL ) solution .
what zeposia is the active substance in zeposa is a protein called a cytostatic agent . it belongs to a group of medicines called cytotoxics , which are produced by the body . white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) are very small structures in the blood . the growth hormone in the body is thought to be involved in the process of dividing a disease such as multiple sclerosis ( ms ). what is zepositiona used for zepatia is used to treat adults with moderate to severe active disease of m , a form of rms that affects the immune system . in multiple , this disease is caused by attacks on the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . these nerves can cause temporary numbness , difficulty in walking , problems with vision and balance , and other symptoms . symptoms of multiple 
do not take zeposia if you are allergic to ozanimod or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a weakened immune system . you have recently had a heart attack ( angina ) or stroke , or a mini - stroke ( a type of ischemic attack , also called tia ) that was not caused by heart failure . in the last 6 months , you have had irregular or abnormal heartbeats ( arrhythmia of the heart ). - you have an active infection ( hepatitis or tuberculosis ), or you have cancer . - your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you are taking other medicines that may increase your risk of developing liver problems
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of zeposia is 300 mg once a day . your doctor will work out your dose based on your condition and the amount of medicine you already take . this will depend on how well you respond to treatment . the maximum dose that you will take is 900 mg ozanimod . take your first dose in the morning , followed by a rest period of 90 minutes . then you will have an interval of at least 4 weeks , until your heart is able to use the medicine . if this is not the case , you will only be given a total of 600 mg , 300 mg or 400 mg . you will then start a series of treatment called a " maintenance dose ". the maintenance dose is the same for all
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) problems with your heart or urinary tract infection ( signs of an allergic reaction may include rash other side effects list below by how likely you should go to bed . look out for side effects listed below . these include : uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people . infections of the nose , nostrils , nasal cavity , mouth or throat ( pharynx ) caused by viruses , a type of white blood cell ( the lymph nodes ) and / or white blood cells ( lymphoma ) which may cause difficulty breathing ( wheezing ) or being sick ( vomiting )
what zeposia contains - the active substance is ozanimod . - zeposa 2 . 5 mg hard capsules : each capsule contains 2 , 5 mg or 10 mg of ozonimod ( as hydrochloride ). - each capsule of zepositiona 5 mg contains 5 mg / 0 . 25 mg , 7 . 15 mg or 8 . 30 mg of Ozani mod ( as chloride ), corresponding to 4 . 7 mg . the other ingredients are : capsule contents : microcrystalline cellulose , silica , colloidal anhydrous , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate . capsule shell : gelatin and titanium dioxide ( e171 ). printing ink : shellac , black iron oxide , red iron oxide ( i .
temybric ellipta contains three active substances called fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . fluticassé belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids , often simply called steroids . umecdinium brmide is the active substance of a medicine used to make breathing easier for adult patients who are already taking medicines called bronchodilators . the medicine works by making airways tighter , so that they can breathe more easily throughout the day and help to ease the symptoms of copd . airtight syringes are also used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd and aids ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties . in copd the muscles around the airway tighten , making
do not use temybric ellipta : - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using this medicine . don ' t use this medicine for longer than 4 weeks , as it may affect the way that this medicine works . talk with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine if : your asthma is not getting better or you are using it for any reason — especially because you have high blood pressure — or because your liver problems are not being controlled — as you may have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections — you have an eye problem called narrow - angle gla
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use temybric ellipta regularly it is very important that you use a gym routine every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . it is important to practice this medicine every day and not only when you are exercising , so that you will not breathe more often , and that you do not use too much salbutamol . if your copd symptoms ( breathlessness , wheezing , cough ) do
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . immediate breathing difficulties if your breathing or wheezing gets worse straight after using this medicine , stop using it and get medical help immediately . pneumonia ( infection of the lung ) in copd patients ( common side effect ) tell your doctor if you have any of the following while using temybric ellipta these could be symptoms of a lung infection : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucuses colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat caused by a fungal infection . inflammation of the lungs ( bronchitis ) has been reported as improvement over time in adults . rinsing your mouth out with water immediately after using the in
what temybric ellipta contains - the active substances are fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . - each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 92 micrograms ( 9 . 5 microlitres ). - two sprays of different sizes are used to deliver the required doses ( 62 microgramms per minute ). each spray delivers a metered dose ( 52 microliters ) in three different pack sizes , which are supplied in packs containing 14 , 28 , 56 , 84 , 90 microgram ( 2x42 ) and 150 microgram( 2x46 ) trifenatate . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ), magnesium stearate and water for injections
what zinforo is this medicine is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance ceftaroline fosamil . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cephalosporin antibiotics ". these antibiotics work by blocking the action of proteins called cd20 , ribose and tyrosine kinase ( cs20 ). zin foro is used to treat adult patients with infections of the skin and tissues below the skin . if you have an infection of the lungs called " pneumonia " it is important that you tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . treatment with zinForo has been shown to stop the number of these bacteria and to stop their growth . as a result of this medicine , your body may develop new infections .
do not take zinforo : - if you are allergic to ceftaroline fosamil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or cephalosporin , which are antibiotics . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had allergic reactions to certain antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin or carbapenem ) you are taking any of these medicines ( see section " taking other medicines "). you take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . you are not going to be given , or have recently taken any other medicine . take special care with  Zinforo tell your doctor about all the medicines you take , especially if they contain the following : kidney problems . seizures ( convulsions ) have been reported
zinforo will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the treatment of infections . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). the usual dose varies depending on your condition and the type of skin infections you have . the recommended dose is 5 mg / kg every 5 to 14 days . if you have pneumonia , your doctor may lower your dose , as appropriate . for elderly patients ( aged over 65 years ), your doctor will check your kidneys and determine the appropriate dose based on your body weight and / or kidney problems . how often you are given this medicine the usual starting dose is 4 mg for every kg of body weight , given once a day . after the first 4 doses , you may be given a lower dose of 2 mg or 3 mg . your daily dose may be increased to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue ; a severe rash , swallowing or breathing problems . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and may lead to severe diarrhoea . your doctor may stop your treatment with zinforo or reduce the dose of your medicines to treat your bowel . this is called a blood test ( called coombs test ), which is an antibiotic . very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): fever , headache , feeling dizzy , itching , hiccups , flatulence ( wind
what cinryze contains - the active substance is ceftaroline fosamil . each ml of solution contains 2 . 25 mg ceftarioline fosamils , equivalent to 6 . 75 mg of arginine . what aybintio looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution for injection that comes in a pre - filled syringe ( pack size of 1 ). it is available in packs containing 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 or 10 pre  nebuliser handset . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
pregabalin teva belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathy ( pna ): this medicine is used for the treatment of long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neopathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , at the site of shooting , or when sharp objects are thrown at the centre of the field . you may also be given other medicines to help alleviate pain and stop the symptoms . these may be the symptoms of a few days or months after you last took them . in general , these symptoms are more common at the start of the treatment or it can be followed by a slowing down of the progression of
do not take pregabalin sandoz : if you are allergic to pregelatinised maize starch or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with this medicine there is a small chance that you may experience an allergic reaction . these reactions include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately , since these reactions may be more likely to happen during the first few days after treatment . pregabralin teva has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , this medicine should be taken with caution . other medicines and
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you , and will explain to you the benefits and risks of taking this medicine . pregabalin mylan is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . for twice a day take the dose once in the morning and once in in the evening , at about the same time each morning . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the capsule . it is important that you take this medication regularly , because , while taking pregab
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common : may affect up to 1 in10 people : increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest and irritability . disturbance in attention ; clumsiness inability to achieve a normal level of consciousness ; memory impairment , loss of memory , uncontrolled tremor , difficulty with speaking , an tingling feeling , or numbness ( sedation ), lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , tiredness . depression , anxiety , mood swings ; difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack ,
what pregabalin sandoz contains - each hard capsule contains either 25 mg , 50 mg or 75 mg of pregelatine . - the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , gelatine ( e640 ), talc , titanium dioxide [ e171 ], sodium laurilsulphate , anhydrous colloidal silica . the capsule shell contains black ink , and ink is composed of black and black iron oxide [ ige ], propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide , red iron oxide ( g ) ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine '), shellac and black pigment [ gs ]). the capsules are provided in blister packs containing 14 , 28 , 56 , 84 , 100 capsules and 25 mg capsules
xadago contains the active substance safinamide . it is a synthetic form of a substance called dopamine that stimulates the brain to produce nerve impulses in the brain . stimulation of the motor neuron is important in driving and using machines to help you control your body ' s activity . the brain contains so - called neuraminidase that is involved in movement control . in the treatment of parkinson  s disease , it can be used alone or with other medicines for parkinsons ' disease . these can cause sudden changes in how you move , or slow movements , as well as difficulties moving . by doing so , the medicine can help reduce the effects of these symptoms , and also reduce the need for levodopa , which are other medicines that are used to treat parkinSON '
do not take xadago : - if you are allergic to safinamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must not be given mao inhibitors ( mao ) such as selegiline , rasagiline or moclobemide ( e466 ), phenelzine , isocarboxazid and tranylcypromine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - depression medicines containing pethidine ( used for mild to moderate pain ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . before you start taking this medicine you should also tell your doctor if : you are taking medicines called ' monoamine oxidase ' or ' moo - inhibitors ' ( 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of xadago is one tablet ( 2 mg ) twice a day by mouth . your doctor may reduce your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control your reduced liver function . when you first start taking this medicine , your doctor will gradually increase the dose over a few weeks , up to a maximum of 4 tablets per day , i . e . 2 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 10 , 15 , and 20 . after this first course of treatment , you will be instructed to take one tablet in the morning and the other in the evening , at about the same time each day . it is important that you take 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypertensive crisis ( high blood pressure , collapse ) has been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients with neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms ). confusion , sweating , muscle rigidity ( hyperthermia ) increase level of enzyme creatine kinase ( serotonin syndrome ) confusion hypertension ( unexplained muscle stiffness ) hallucinations hypotension ( hypotension ). the following side effects have been observed with another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease , including safinamide and levodopa . if you have any of these symptoms or notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
what xadago contains - the active substance is safinamide . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of s . - it also contains 400 mg of " methansulfonate " ( see section 2 ). - other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone , magnesium stearate and silica colloidal anhydrous - tablet coating . the tablet coating contains hypromellose , macrogol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), talc and iron oxide yellow . see section 3 . what you need to know before you take xxago : - each tablet contains 50 mg of the active substances . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per mg tablet , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '. 
zytiga contains the active substance abiraterone acetate . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has not spread to other parts of the body and no longer responds to medical or surgical treatment that lowers testosterone ( also called androgen deprivation therapy ) or prednisone or postdnisolone . this medicine works by lowering the amount of testosterone in your body and by preventing it from accumulating in the blood .
do not use zytiga if you are allergic to abiraterone acetate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if there is still a possibility that you may be pregnant , you must not be given zytigea . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you are breast - feeding you have been told by your doctor that you have an increased risk of liver damage you have had prostate cancer you have liver problems you have high blood pressure you have heart failure you have low blood potassium or you are taking medicines which increase the amount of potassium in your blood . if this is the case , your doctor will monitor your blood potassium and may decide to monitor you more closely . you have ever had heart rhythm problems , especially if your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the right dose
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet taken by mouth each day . zytiga can be taken with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you need to take , when to take them , and for how long . the total daily dose should not exceed one tablet of 150 mg ( 3 tablets of 75 mg ) taken three times daily . two examples are provided here : one tablet prednisone 150 mg / 15 mg ( 1 tablet of 15 mg ), one 15 - mg tablet of 14 mg , two 15 , 40 mg tablets , one 20 mg tablet a day ( 2 tablets of 30 mg ). two 20 mg tablets should be taken once daily , once in the morning
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - muscle weakness or muscle twitches , a pounding heart beat ( palpitations ), as these may be signs that your level of potassium in your blood is low . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose of zytiga to 0 . 5 mg / ml depending on the dose . other possible side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fluid in your legs or feet , as these can be symptoms of low blood potassium levels as they are a sign of low liver function . common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people dry mouth , diarrhoea , or vomiting , muscle pain or spasms , and stomach pain
what zytiga contains - the active substance is abiraterone acetate . each tablet contains 62 . 5 mg , 64 mg or 84 mg of bbiraterrasea . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , povidone ( k29 / 32 ), colloidal anhydrous silica and sodium laurilsulfate . please see section 2 . what you need to know before you take zyta : what the tablet looks like and contents of the pack the tablet is white to off - white , biconvex , and oval shaped with rounded edges . tablets marked with ' a ' on one side and plain on the other side . they are available in blister packs of
adalimumab bms is a medicine that acts on your body ' s immune ( defence ) system . it is intended for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis , enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric plaque psoriasis , daediatric crohn '
do not use amsparity - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using amsparaity . your doctor will check you for signs of infection , including tuberculosis , sepsis ( blood poisoning ) and other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). you may be at greater risk of getting infections . it is important that you tell your doctor about any symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " heart failure " in section 4 ) or have had a serious heart condition . tell your healthcare professional if any of these apply to you before you are given ams
always use this medicine exactly as your child ' s doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . idiopathic arthritis age and body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years old weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg once a day for 5 days . not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age or body weight not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or national preference group the usual dose is 40 mg given every other day . paediatry 89 - 15 mg every evening not applicable 162 paediatic nepexto should not be used in children and adolescent from 6 to 17 year of age no special dose adjustment
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur up to 4 months or more after the last kromeya injection . seek medical attention urgently , if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction or heart failure : severe rash or hives ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible , as you may be having an infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe stomach pain , nausea , vomiting 
what amsparity contains - the active substance is adalimumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 20 mg of aaadhalimUMab in 0 . 4 ml of solution or 40 mg of the other ingredients ( see section 2 " analogue contains lactose "), adipic acid , citric acid monohydrate , sodium chloride , mannitol , polysorbate 80 , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide for ph adjustment . what analogous looks like and contents of the pack anasolous solution for injection ( injection ) is supplied in a single - use clear glass bottle , with a stainless steel needle guard with finger flange , rubber needle cap and plastic plunger rod , in case of spillage . the pre 
ruxience contains the active substance " rituximab ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a particular type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when this is called , rityne can attack the cell with its own unique anti - cancer factor ( bd ) and it can destroy the damaged lymph tissue and reduce the symptoms of the disease . revestive is used to treat : a symptomatic non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma that is caused by disease of the lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a group of diseases ( called " chemotherapy "). it can be given alone or with other medicines for the treatment of granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyang
do not take ruxience if : you are allergic to rituximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe active infection at the moment you have no symptoms of the disease . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease ( granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangioitis or pemphigus vulgaris ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rixathon : if you are having a hepatitis infection . your doctor will make sure that you have enough of the active substances to fight off ritsutrombostatin and will check you for the presence of these substances . during your treatment , your doctor may recommend a lower dose . if the patient has he
how it is given ritemvia will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given a drip ( intravenous infusion ) into a vein . medicines given before each infusion are given to reduce the risk of side effects and improve the symptoms . how much and how often you will receive your treatment your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 5 mg per kilogram of body weight . a course of treatment usually lasts for 5 to 14 days . your doctor may change this over a number of weeks . patients with non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma if you are having a chemotherapy programme , please also read the
like all medicines , sprimeo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) you may experience pain at infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat discomfort , tongue and throat . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): trevaclyn may cause serious allergic reactions . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . you may require additional
what ruxience contains the active ingredient in rxwiz is called rituximab . the 10 ml vial contains 100 mg of rITuximb ( 10 mg / mL ). the 50 m / vial concentrate contains 500 mg of this medicine . - the other ingredients are sodium chloride , tri - sodium citrate dihydrate , polysorbate 80 and water for injections ( see section 2 ). what qarziba looks like and contents of the pack the concentrate for solution for infusion is a clear , colourless solution , supplied as a concentrate in a glass vial with a rubber stopper containing 100 mg ( 10 . 2 mg ) or 500 mg ( 20 . 8 mg ). packs of 1 vial are also available .
capecitabine medac belongs to the group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which are used to treat cancer . each tablet contains 150 mg of capecitebine , corresponding to 1 , 000 mg of the active substance in each millilitre of the liquid , which is dissolved in 7 . 2 ml of water for injection . this medicine is used in adults whose colon and rectal cancers have spread beyond the original tumour or to other organs and needs treatment with other medicines ( such as chemotherapy ). cape citbine teva is also used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . in adults it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you may be taking . if you have any questions about any of these medicines , ask your doctor .
do not take capecitabine teva - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during treatment your doctor will speak to you and explain the risks and benefits of retacrit . follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not use capercitabine to treat an allergy . he or she will check whether you have an allergy to fluoropyrimidine ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), are pregnant or breast - feeding , have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ), have severe liver or kidney
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine medac should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you , depending on your condition , height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this is equivalent to a 1 - day cycle . two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface surface area of 2 . 7 m2, and they will take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times per day , and will take 12 tablets of 250 mg two
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine sun immediately and contact your doctor if any of these symptoms occur : diarrhoea : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements than usual , you should stop your treatment and get a new bowel movement each day . if necessary , your doctor may tell you to take a lower dose ( see section 2 ' take special care '). if severe or persistent , severe or life - threatening - lasting - duration of treatment - common : ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - diarringea at night - vomiting ( vomit ) - nausea - you lose your appetite , and it is called stomatitis - pain , redness , swelling
what capecitabine teva contains - the active substance is 150 mg , 150 mg or 300 mg of capencitabine each film - coated tablet contains 150 mg of content . each film- coated device contains 500 mg of comprehend ( recombinant ) goat ' s milk . the other ingredients are : - tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , hypromellose ( e464 ), croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate . - film coating : macrogol 400 and talc .- tablet coating ( oblong shaped , pink , marked with ' 150 ' on one side and plain on the other ) - 150 mg tablet ( 0 . 5 mm in length ) made of polyvinyl alcohol partially hydrolysed in ethanol and water for injection
what silodosin krka contains the active substance silodystine . it belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a - adrenoreceptor blockers . what is silonosIN kreka is used for silonic gonadotropin ( a substance that plays a major role in the normal functioning of the prostate , bladder and urethra ). it helps to relax the smooth muscle in these tissues , allowing it to relax and reducing the amount of urine that is absorbed by the body . silunya is used in adult men to treat the urinary symptoms associated with benign enlargement ofthe prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to pass water , feeling of not completely emptying the bladder , and feeling of being unwell .
do not take silodosin recordati : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sillosin recordatic . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you are undergoing eye surgery because of cloudiness of the lens ( cataract surgery ), it is important that you immediately inform your eye specialist that you are using or have previously been treated with any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have experienced loss of muscle tone in the iris ( the coloured circular part of the eye ) during such a surgery , you should not be treated with more than one additional medicine . during the course of your treatment and after cataract surgery you may also be given medicines to lower the risk of feeling fainted or felt dizzy . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicines .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule of silodosin recordati 8 mg / kg once a day . taking this medicine - swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . - patients with kidney problems : your doctor may prescribe a lower dose for you , depending on how your kidney problems are responding to the treatment . use in children and adolescents ( 6 to 17 years of age ) weighing less than 50 kg your doctor will decide the right dose based on your body weight . the maximum dose is 600 mg per kg of body weight when taken with or without food . adolescents ( aged 12 to 18 years ) and patients with severe kidney problems the usual starting dose is 300 mg a kg taken as 4 capsules once or twice daily .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you and your doctor need to look out for allergic reactions : if you get swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives since the consequences could become serious . the most common side effect of silodosin teva is dizziness . this occurs more often in women compared to men taking this medicine . some patients may feel dizzy or fainting , particularly when getting up from a lying or sitting position . if this happens , you should seek medical advice urgently from your doctor as soon as possible . although uncommon , patients may experience symptoms suggesting a reaction called redness , usually in the face and / or throat which could be life - threatening . fainting can occur as a result of si
what silodosin recordati contains - the active substance is siloudostor . each capsule contains 20 mg of sillodosesin . the other ingredients are pregelatinised maize starch , mannitol , magnesium stearate , sodium laurilsulfate , gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ). silonodorsin repeatati 40 mg hard capsules : each capsule uses 40 mg of Silodomin , which is made of 65% and is engraved with ' s 30 ' on the capsule shell . - each capsule makes a solid white to off - white powder for concentrate for solution for infusion , and contains 40 mg / ml ( 20 mg ). - all capsules are composed of : - capsule content 
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . the molecule that causes the blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . this medicine works by lowering the blood pressure to an acceptable level . it does this by reducing the amount of blood pressure that occurs in your body . bindren is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . thus , reducing blood pressure by a factor x - ratioplasia ( rplp ) is the focal point of the blood flow to target blood vessels in an important way . by blocking the effect of rpmn , it reduces blood pressure and thereby lowers their blood pressure further . what kinzilmono is used for the treatment of essential hypertension
do not take kinzalmono : - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid kinzaro in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with the drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any liver disease . - suffer from diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . you must tell your doctor if any of the above applies to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine if : you are suffering or have ever suffered from a heart attack . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of kinzalmono is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day to help you remember to take it . swallow the tablet whole with some water . it is important that you leave close to the doctor' s instructions , so that the doctor can understand what you have been taking . - the tablet should be taken with a drink of water during the day , leaving approximately 12 hours between each dose . when necessary , the tablet can be taken at any time of the day with or without food . you should keep having the tablets at regular intervals throughout the day to control your blood pressure over the 24 - hour period . in some patients a lower dose of one 20 mg tablet may be used , particularly when starting treatment
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ); however , there is some risk of side effects when you take kinzalmono alone . possible side effects of medicines like these can affect how likely they are to happen : low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events : the following side effects have also been reported : urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( i . 
what kinzalmono contains - the active substance is telmisartan . each tablet contains 20 mg tel mg . the other ingredients are povidone ( k25 ), meglumine , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ) and magnesium stearate . see section 2 for important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine . what kinsalono looks like and contents of the pack the tablets are white , round and engraved with the code number ' 50h ' on one side and the company logo on the other side , as well as ' tmc4 0 . 5 '. the tablets have a white to off - white oval shape , with " ctfe " on both sides , and ' 80 ' debossed on one half . 
afstyla is a medicine that contains the active substance human coagulation factor viii . it is used to prevent and to halt bleeding in patients suffering from haemophilia a ( inborn factor vii deficiency ). factorviii is necessary for blood clotting . to help the blood to clot , it must be done by a trained healthcare professional . you should always have an option to bleed when you have a dose of factor ixi , but only if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak . in patients with inhibitors ( antibodies ) antibodies ( for example thrombocytes ) it is unlikely that a solution will work as well as it should . however , in the case of a bleed , you should contact your doctor immediately . use in children
you must not be given afstyla - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to hamster proteins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . there is a small chance that you may be allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if there is anything you do not understand , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because there is limited experience of using the medicine in this age group . this is because a lack of information is currently not known in this population . other medicines and aystla tell your doctor about any other medicines you are taking , including medicines obtained without a prescription . you should tell your healthcare professional if any of these apply to you . do not use a
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this medicine should only be prescribed to you by a doctor with experience in medicines to treat blood clotting disorders . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will calculate the dose of afstyla you need and explain to you in detail . the dose is the same for all patients ( 18 years of age and older ). the dose will be calculated by your doctor and is based on your body weight . use in children and adolescents the recommended starting dose is 1 . 2 g each day . if bleeding is not controlled your doctor may increase the dose to 2 . 5 g every 12 hours . alternatively , a higher dose may be necessary . dose in adolescents and children aged 6 years and above should be used as advised by your physician . do not change the dose or stop treatment
like all medicines , afstyla can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are allergic reactions which may occur uncommonly ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). the signs of allergic reactions include hives ( generalised urticaria ), itchy rash , tightness of the chest , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , low blood pressure causing dizziness and anaphylaxis . for children and adolescents , the most common symptom of severe bleeding is bleeding . if any of the above symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . your doctor will determine whether these effects are due to the development of inhibitor viii activity . inhibitor antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and bind to other unique properties in the body . these inhibitors are expected to stop the treatment working properly and will ensure
what afstyla contains the active substance is lonoctocog alfa . each vial of powder for solution for injection contains 25 . 5 mg of lonoctcog altfa per ml , corresponding to a concentration of 50 - 75 mg / mL . when reconstituted with water for injections the solution contains approximately 25 mg , 50 mg or 75 mg of light on a surface area of 60 m2 of surface area . the concentration of the resulting solution is approximately 45 mg per 0 . 8 mg . after reconstitution with the supplied solution , 150 mg or 225 mg of liquid on the other ingredients are : l - histidine , polysorbate 80 , calcium chloride dihydrate , sodium chloride , and a small amount of sodium ( see section 2 under ' sodium content 
praxbind contains the active substance idarucizumab . this is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . dabigatran is used in pradaxa as a blood thinner medicine to prevent blood clot formation . it is used when other medicines , such as polivy or ivanzo , are not suitable to prevent bleeding .
do not use praxbind : - if you are allergic to idarucizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have a genetic disease called hereditary fructose intolerance ( hfi ), or sorbitol ( e420 ). you have had adverse reactions to previous administrations of any type of medicine used to treat certain adverse reactions . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will monitor you closely for the development of these conditions , as appropriate for the treatment may be considered necessary in order to minimise the risk of adverse reactions with dabigatran . it is important to try to prevent blood clots from forming after treatment with daBiga
dabigatran will be given to you by a doctor or nurse by infusion ( drip ) into a vein . your doctor will work out the dose that you need . this is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 1 . 5 mg / kg body weight given once every week through a drip in the vein (' intravenous infusion '). to reduce the risk of a blood clot , you may receive 2 . 25 mg of dabig atran given every 24 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in clinical studies for patients were about the same as with a syringe containing a small amount of fluid . you should talk to your doctor if you experience any of the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - fever ( 38 - 49 ) - indigestion ( 0 . 25 - 1 . 5 %) - headache - diarrhoea - nausea reporting of side effects 25 if your child gets any side effects talk to their doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this
what praxbind contains the active substance is idarucizumab . the other ingredients are : sodium acetate trihydrate , acetic acid and sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 20 and water for injections . see section 2 . what praluent looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow solution for injection that comes in a pre - filled syringe ( pack size of 1 ).  the colourless solution must be free of visible particles . each pack contains 1 glassbind vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium cap , which should be thrown away .
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - you have ever had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , a reduced number of some types of blood cells ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . chest pain , nausea and vomiting have been reported
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of temomedac . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and whether you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking this medicine to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma if they have had treatment with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase ) before , with monotherapy phase . during the monotherapie phase , your doctor may change the dose and how you respond to the treatment . the recomended dose may be delayed or stopped if your blood counts and the radiotherapy are
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), uncontrolled bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills severe headache that does not go away . a decrease in the number of blood cells . this may cause you an increased bruising or bleeding . anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells with a fever ), which may lead to fewer infections . the reduction in blood cell counts is usually short - lived . in some cases , the reduced number of white blood cells may be reduced . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . his / hereditary an
what temomedac contains - the active substance is temozolomide . each capsule contains 20 mg TEMolomide ( as mesilate ). temometer 0 . 5 mg hard capsules : each capsule contain 1 mg temozalomide or 2 mg mozolomides . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ), ethanol anhydrous , ethanol , sodium starch glycolate type a , tartaric acid ( e334 ) and stearic acids ( st . john ' s wort » section 2 for more information ). capsule shell : the capsule shell for the 5 mg and 10 mg capsule contains the 25 mg and 100 mg capsules of temomelomide in accordance with local requirements - capsule content for the 20 mg capsule and the 50 mg capsule
cialis is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in adult men . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , errect penis suitable for sexual activity . the recommended adult dose of levitra is 1 tablet of 200 mg to be taken once a day in the morning , but this should not be used if you are also taking tadalafil , which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . following sexual stimulation , the patient will have enough blood vessels to supply enough blood to the penis to meet a sexual stimulation that will allow the flow of blood into your penis . your doctor may want to give you an additional product called a condom to allow you to sexually stimulated , when injected with a gentle sex just before you get sexual intercourse . ci
do not take cialis if : you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nityrite . this is a group of medicines (" nits ") used in the treatment of angina pectoris (" chest pain "). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions tell your doctor : - you have heart disease or recently had a heart attack within the last 90 days . you have , or have had , any medical condition ( also known as a " statin - dependent " status ) that includes fever and / or low blood pressure . - have a condition described as " blood clots "
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 50 mg . you should not take cialis more than once a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of 30 mg , which is equivalent to an erection . - swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 0 . 25 mg / ml based on how comfortable you are feeling , whether or not you have been taking this medicine . how to take the tablet you will find an erectile dysfunction : the tablet contains a small amount of liquid that can float in the water and it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . this will give the medicine a hard , liquid or a high blood pressure . to help you get an 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate in nature . if you experience any of the following side effects stop using the medicine and seek medical help immediately : - allergic reactions including rashes ( frequency uncommon ). - chest pain - do not use nitrates but seek immediate medical assistance ( frequency rare ). children and adolescents - priapsim has been shown to increase the ability to get an erection . once you have started taking cialis , which will usually be severe and will usually disappear after 2 to 3 days after taking the medicine . occasionally , a woman ' s condition will occur during the first few weeks after beginning treatment . sometimes , your child may experience a prolonged and possibly painful eridection , when taken with a high dose of prit
what cialis contains - the active substance is tadalafil . each tablet contains 2 . 5 mg of TadALafil as 0 . 25 mg . the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see end of section 2 ), croscarmellose sodium , hydroxypropylcellulose , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), sodium laurilsulfate , magnesium stearate . film - coat ( opadry ii yellow ) 32 film coating ( spherical ), lactoses monohydrate , part i ), and hypromellose , triacetin . e464 , titanium dioxide ( h171 ), iron oxide yellow ( only for 0. 75 mg tablets ) and iron oxide red ( just for
paglinide krka is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinade which helps your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pangreas does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . glybera is used to control type 1 diabetes in adults as an add - on to diet and exercise : treatment is usually started if diet , exercise and weight reduction alone have not been able to control ( or lower ) your blood glucose . metformin , another medicine for diabetes , which lowers your blood pressure , helps to prevent complications from your diabetes .
do not take gemfibrozil if you are allergic to repaglinide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking amsparity : if your child has type 1 diabetes . the acid level in your child ' s blood is raised ( diabetic ketoacidosis ). your child suffers from a severe liver disease . if he / she is taking any medicine that lowers cholesterol ( bad blood sugar ). the active substance in amsch breezhaler ( a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol ). if there is still a possibility that you may develop liver problems , your child should be tested for liver 28 disease before starting treatment . this medicine is not recommended in patients with moderate liver disease and patients with severe kidney problems . it is also important to tell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia is a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), but it can be very serious and require immediate medical attention . serious hypogallycaemic reactions are generally mild or moderate but can occasionally be severe and require emergency treatment . the most frequent sign is unconsciousness or coma . if this happens , emergency treatment must be stopped immediately and you may need urgent medical assistance . allergy allergy is common ( may effect up to 1 in10 people ). swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy and sweating . these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . other common side effects are : stomach pain with or without diarrhoea ; uncommon is less than 1 per 10 , 000 people ( rare ):
what relistor contains - the active substance is repaglinide . each tablet contains 0 . 5 mg , 1 mg or 2 mg replinide in 1 mg film - coated tablets . the other ingredients are : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ); calcium hydrogen phosphate , anhydrous ; croscarmellose sodium ; povidone k25 , glycerol 85 %, magnesium stearate ; meglumine , poloxamer , yellow iron oxide , red iron oxide and / or white . what polivy looks like and contents of the pack the omnivorous tablet is white to off - white , round , biconvex tablets with bevelled edges . one bottle contains 30 , 60 , 90 or 120 tablets and one bottle does not have a
what azacitidine mylan is and how it works this medicine contains the active substance ' azacitacita '. this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - metabolites . ' or ' anaesthetics ' used in cancer . how azacciitidine melan works aza citidine mellitus is used in adults who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation to treat : - higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). - chronic myelosomonocytic leukaemia ( cmml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . why this medicine work so much ? by preventing cancer cells from growing , the medicine can be used by itself or together with other medicines .
do not use azacitidine accord : - if you are allergic to zarzictidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 29 - you have advanced liver cancer . - your doctor may reduce the dose , stop treatment , or change your dose . this medicine may not be suitable for patients with decreased counts of platelets , red or white blood cells , in patients with severe kidney disease . liver disease 23 . you have ever had a heart condition ( heart attack or lung disease ). you will have a blood test before you start treatment with azacitacita and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you are getting enough of the medicine . your doctor will also want you to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : drowsiness , shaking , jaundice , abdominal bloating and easy bruising . these may be symptoms of liver failure and can be life - threatening . swelling of the legs and feet , back pain , reduced passing of water , increased thirst , rapid pulse , dizziness , nausea , vomiting and reduced appetite . confusion , restlessness , fatigue and fatigue ( fatigue ) have been reported very commonly . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling of being unwell , night sweats , tremor , excessive sweating ,
what azacitidine accord contains - the active substance is aza Citidine . one vial contains 100 mg / 6 . 5 ml aza citidine ( as mesilate ). - after reconstitution with 1 . 8 mL of water for injections , the reconstituted suspension contains 25 mg of / mg zoely . - if you are allergic to mannitol ( e421 ) or to peanut or soya or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 2 ). what paracetamol looks like and contents of the pack paracetamo is a white to off - white powder for suspension for injection and is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic cap . the powder is white to almost white powder . each pack contains 1 vial
duotrav is a medicine used to help to keep the eye healthy . it contains two active substances : travoprost and timolol ( which are substances that are made in the body to help travaprosto work ): - prostaglandin a substance that works in the eye ; - titmololl , which is an antiophthalmic eye agent . - duotov enables the inclusion of water for injections into the eye when the pressure inside the eye is increased , helping to reduce the amount of water that enters the eye each day . by lowering water , the medicine helps to keep water and / or reduces symptoms of glaucoma .
do not use duotrav if you : are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) are taking prostaglandins such as timolol , which are beta blockers . are taking any of these medicines which are used to treat asthma or chronic obstructive bronchitis ( a lung disease characterised by wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , or cough ) have any other breathing problems or hay fever have a slow heartbeat are taking medicines to control your heart failure , a disorder of the heart rhythm with irregular heartbeat or if someone in your family has a problem with the rhythm of your heart . tell your doctor or nurse if : you have any problems with your heart rhythm , especially if your doctor has told you to use a pacemaker . you
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . your doctor will tell you how many drops to use . use the medicine at around the same time each day . only use the drops in both eyes if your doctor told you to . using duotrav it is very important that you use the eye drops as instructed . if the medicine is not working properly , the next dose should be used as soon as possible and at least 4 hours after the last dose . 1 . wash your hands . twist off the bottle cap . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a clean finger to form
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when you take duotrav , you can have some side effects that you may not be aware of : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) eye redness uncommon side effects which may affect up to 1 in 100 people eye inflammation or damage damage at the back of the eye pain blurred vision abnormal vision dry eye itchy eye eye discomfort eye discomfort or itching around the eye swelling caused by the pressure in the eye . if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what ipreziv contains - the active substance is travoprost . each ml of solution contains 10 micrograms of timolol . one vial of 2 . 4 mL solution contains 300 microgram ( 8 . 6 mg ) of travonol ( 8 mg / 24 h ). each ampoule contains 400 microgram( 8 , 000 mbq ) tti Molol maleate . the other ingredients are : polyquaternium - 1 , mannitol , propylene glycol ( e1520 ), polyoxyethylene hydrogenated castor oil ( see end of section 2 ), boric acid , sodium chloride and water for injections . sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels 
nplate contains the active ingredient romiplostim . this active ingredient is an antithrombotic agent . it is used to treat patients with low - to - intermediate risk acute thrombocytopenic purpura ( itp ) who have low numbers of platelets , which can form blood clots , leading to bruising and bleeding . the medicine also helps to prevent the spleen removed from itp patients who have either : previously treated with corticosteroids or had a lowering of the level of platelet count in the blood . n platelets are produced by biotechnology in the bone marrow , so that the platelets can be removed , thus reducing the risk of serious bleeding and / or bleeding in patients with this disease .
do not use nplate : - if you are allergic to romiplostim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you are breast - feeding you have a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) which is very low . you have been told that you have low numbers of platelets in your blood . this is because blood clots can occur and your doctor may need to reduce the dose , temporarily stop or completely stop your treatment . your doctor will check your platelet counts regularly , so that you can continue to take this medicine for as long as necessary . before you start taking this medicine you will have to read carefully the information in section 4 of this leaflet . in addition , you will also find this information in the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one platelet ( 0 . 03 ml ) injection once a day using the pre - filled syringe . your doctor will tell you how many days of treatment should be taken . nplate can be given alone or with certain other medicines that you will be given by injection . however , you should not try to inject yourself until you have been shown how to prepare and give yourself the medicine . the injection is given under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will show you how to give yourself this medicine before you use it for the first time . do not inject yourself with this medicine unless you have received training on how to do so . you will need to have the injection by another person who has
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects may occur with the following frequencies : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) itp headache allergic reaction upper respiratory tract infection bone marrow disorder ( where the stem cells divide out of the blood stream ) bone mmarrow foetus ( the follicles ) trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) migraine redness and / or swelling of the face ( angioedema ) muscle spasms low blood platelet count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( these can affect from 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 patients ) blood clot formation in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) bleeding in the brain ( intracranial or extrapyramidal bleeding 
what romiplostim / nplate contains - the active substance is omis . one pre - filled syringe contains 30 million units ( 6 . 5 micrograms ) of ointment . each ml solution contains 60 million units [ g ] ( 2 . 3 microgram ) o int . the other ingredients are : core : mannitol , sucrose , l - histidine , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ), polysorbate 80 ( e433 ) and water for injections . see section 2 , " romistim contains lactose ". solvent : 1 . 69 milligrams al3 + body weight ( kg ) divided by fractional fraction ( iu ) 3 .
do not use ulunar breezhaler - if you are allergic to glycopyrronium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if : you have kidney problems . you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma , or difficulty passing urine . during treatment with this medicine you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called bronchospasm . difficulties in breathing or swallowing as well as swelling of the tongue and lips ( bronchitis ) or shortness of breath . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your symptoms as they could be a
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much oslif breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . your doctor will tell you how many capsules to use . the number of capsules that you use depends on your condition and the type of copd you have . no dose adjustments are necessary . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one capsule per day , i . e . two capsules in the morning and one capsule in the evening . in this case , you should use the same dose every night . this will help to remind your doctor what you have used . copd is a long - term disease ; therefore , it is recommended that no more than three capsules per day should be used in this condition 
what ulunar breezhaler contains - the active substance is glycopyrronium bromide . each capsule contains 63 micrograms ( 43 microlitres ) of glycoyronium break down from the previous powder and 1 ml of solution . the delivered dose ( the dose that leaves the mouthpiece of the inhaler ) is equivalent to 44 microgram ( 54 microgram ) per kilogram of body weight . - this medicine contains lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' eyremist ') and magnesium stearate . what ablavar looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a white to off - white ointment . it is supplied in a foil pouch which contains a desiccant sachet . packs of 1 , 10 and 50 capsules are available .
loxapine teva belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it works by blocking receptors in the brain to which the substances dopamine and serotonin are involved . the medicine has been shown to have calming effects and aggressive behaviour ( sometimes directed against others ). agitation has been reported in patients with schizophrenia . bipolar disorder is a disease characterised by symptoms of schizophrenia , which include hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . this medicine can also be used to treat adults with bipolar disorders such as feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual .
do not use bemrist breezhaler - if you are allergic to loxapine , amoxapina or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bemfola . this medicine may cause wheezing and shortness of breath , as it may be a sign of lung problems like asthma . if your doctor suspects that you have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ), your doctor should check the narrowing of the airways in your lungs ( bronchospasm ). tell your doctor right away if during treatment you have wheeze , cough , chest tightness or shortnessof breath . these may be signs of a condition called neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms ).
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected nostril once a day in the morning and once in the evening . it is best to take the medicine at the same time each day . method of administration swallow the medicine whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . you can take the tablet with or without food . if necessary , your doctor may also give you a lower dose to prevent tiredness , sleepiness or trouble breathing , as this may be a result of low blood pressure . throat irritation and / or taste in the mouth . muscle or eye movements may be more common at the start of the treatment and only after a short break in the treatment . however , a gradual increase in the dose can be expected at the end of treatment
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop using bemrist breezhaler and get medical help immediately if you have any of the following serious breathing symptoms : - wheezing , cough , shortness of breath , chest tightness - irritating asthma or copd symptoms ( such as light - headedness or fainting ), as these may be signs of a decrease in blood pressure , agitation , confusion , fever , muscle stiffness ( also known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - bad taste in the mouth or sleepiness - cough which may be accompanied by a hoarse voice - box or a whistling sound when passing urine - squeezing or coughing -
what loxapine lilly contains - the active substance is loxopine which is a monoclonal antibody - a type of protein that attaches to a specific target substance in the body . one vial of 5 ml delivers 25 mg of lox a pine . - each pre - filled syringe delivers 30 mg of the medicine when opened , delivering one dose of 5 mg . the other ingredient is pegvaliase monohydrate ( see section 2 , " lhlorac contains lactose "). what yentreve looks like and contents of the pack the medicine is presented as a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow , delivered in a blister pack . each pack contains one single - use clear plastic tray with a peelable foil seal .
what azacitidine tetapharm is and how it works this medicine contains the active substance aza citidine . betapharm 25 mg : an anti - cancer medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called benzodiazepine - related anticancer medicines . what advate is used for ? azacitacita is used in adults whose immune systems ( the body ' s natural defences ) have failed to respond to treatment with an azole - containing medicine . how azacrivitidine bms works azacinacina is used to prevent or treat certain diseases in adults who have not had a successful stem cell transplantation . it is also used to treat myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). in adults with a confirmed diagnosis of acute myelocytic leukaemia ( cmml
do not use azacitidine betapharm - if you are allergic to aza citidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if your doctor has told you that you have advanced liver cancer . if this applies to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine : your doctor may need to reduce the number of platelets , red or white blood cells in your blood . you have kidney disease . your doctor will also test you for liver disease before you start treatment with this medicine and then periodically during treatment , whether or not you have any heart condition or heart attack or any history of lung disease ( see section 4 ). blood test you will have regular blood tests while you are being treated with these types of medicines . also tell them about your medical condition . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children
before giving you azacitidine betapharm , your doctor will give you another medicine to prevent nausea and vomiting at the start of each treatment cycle . - the recommended dose is 75 mg per m2 body surface area . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist will decide your dose of this medicine . this medicine is given every day for one week , followed by a rest period of 3 weeks . the treatment cycle will normally be repeated every 4 weeks , with an interval of at least 4 weeks between each dose . you will usually receive at least 6 treatment cycles . when you receive at the end of each cycle , you will receive an injection of medicine under the skin ( subcutaneously ) from a chair or a bed . it can be given on your thigh , tummy or upper arm . should you have any further questions on the use of this medicinal product , ask your doctor
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and outer carton after " use by ". this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . azacitidine betapharm can be stored in the original package in order to protect from light . once the suspension has been reconstituted and is ready to be given to you by your doctor or nurse , it should be administered within 30 minutes . whenever possible , the suspension should be allowed up to 30 minutes prior to administration to reach room temperature ( 20 25 ). if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 unless the suspension is prepared using water for injections . your healthcare professional should be aware of the following : the suspension must be placed in the refrigerator
what azacitidine betapharm contains - the active substance is aza Citidine . one vial contains 100 mg / ml aza citidine ( as mesilate ). - after reconstitution with 4 % w -/ v , anhydrous pegvaliase , and then diluted in 7 . 2 mmol sodium ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection / infusion . the other ingredient is mannitol ( e421 ) for supplying water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you go to the hospital : what advate looks like and contents of the pack adepo is a white to off - white powder for suspension for injection and is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and an aluminium
cerdelga contains the active substance eliglustat , which belongs to a group of medicines called glucosylceramides . they work by blocking the activity of substances called cyclin - dependent kinase ( cdk ) receptors , in the body . gaucher disease is an inherited condition in which a substance called ' glycoside - containing ' is not removed from the body by the spleen , liver , and bones . in gaucher Disease , the body produces a synthetic form of the natural chorinogen that is used for the normal production of a protein called triglycerides . this can improve the health of your bones , improve the levels of gl - 1 and the level of uric acid in your blood . eglta can
do not take cerdelga if you : are allergic to eliglustat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) are taking moderate cyp2d6 inhibitors , such as quinidine or terbinafine . belong to a group of medicines called moderate cystea - inhibitors ( erythromycin or itraconazole ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking your medicine if : you are taking any medicines known to affect the levels of certain enzymes in your blood such as : - strong cysteolytic hormones ( such as isotretinitis pigmentosa ) or belodipine , as these medicines may reduce the effect of cer
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day . take the tablet at about the same time each day , preferably at bedtime . you can take cerdelga with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take the metaboliser before you start a new treatment course . after 4 weeks , the dose may be increased to the full dose of 200 mg . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take . if your doctor tells you to , you should wait at least 4 hours before you go to bed , and then take the next dose at the usual time . swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache dizziness change in taste ( dysgeusia ) palpitations throat irritation heartburn dyspepsia feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea constipation abdominal pain stomach ache abdominal pain acid reflux disease ( gastrooesophageal reflux disease ) bloating stomach acid regurgitation feeling weak or generally unwell memory loss ( inability to write or understand spoken or written language ) blurred vision increased sensitivity to light ( photosensitivity ) unusual taste in the mouth ( stomatitis ) redness , tingling , burning sensation when passing urine , excess gas in the stools ( flatulence ) changes in bowel habits abnormal dreams sleepiness irritability sleepiness
what cerdelga contains - the active substance is eliglustat . each hard capsule contains 150 mg , 300 mg or 500 mg of erligligat in 0 . 5 ml of solution . -the other ingredients are : capsule content : microcrystalline cellulose , lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of these ingredients '), hypromellose , glycerol dibehenate , potassium aluminium silicate ( e551 ) capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide [ e171 ] printing ink : shellac , yellow iron oxide [ ED ] ( only for 240 mg capsules ), black iron oxide ( i ) and propylene glycol , ammonia solution , concentrated ( aspartame sodium 
the active substance in this medicine is zoledronic acid hospira , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zolerdronic acids work by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : - to prevent bone complications , e   g . fractures , in adult patients with bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to the jaw bone ).- to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adults whose bodies do not produce enough calcium . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid hospira and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zessly : - if you are breast - feeding . - you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zolerdronic acids or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . it is important that you and your doctor record the brand name and batch number of your medication . patients with a kidney problem may have a higher risk of experiencing pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of
zoledronic acid hospira must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the recommended dose is 4 mg per kilogram of your body weight , given once every 3 weeks . given a kidney problem : the usual dose is 5 mg for each kilogram ( kg ) of body weight three times a day ( corresponding to 2 to 8 mg / kg ). a lower dose may be used if you have a renal problem . how often will i be given - depending on the severity and location of the kidney problem you will be given the lowest dose possible . use in children and adolescents - 
like all medicines , zoledronic acid hospira can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported were mainly mild or moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): kidney impairment ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain specific blood tests ). low levels of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may occur in upt - flushing ). pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw swelling or non - healing sores inside the mouth or jaw discharge numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . softening of the tooth may also occur . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects that may occur during treatment with zolerdo ahcl include : very common (
what zoledronic acid hospira contains - the active substance is : - each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 5 mg zolédronic acids . one vial contains 4 mg ( as monohydrate ). - all other ingredients are : in the powder : gelatin , mannitol , sodium citrate . in the solvent : water for injections the pre - filled syringe contains 7 . 5 mg of zolerdoster ( sterile concentrate ) in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . the powder is a white to off - white powder which is reconstituted in the water before it is administered . - after preparation , the solution is clear , colourless and free from foreign particles . each pack contains 1 via
rolapitant mylan is a medicine used to treat cancer in adults . it makes you feel sick ( nauseous ) and be sick ( vomiting ) at the end of your cancer treatment chemotherapy . chemotherapy affects the brain . the effects of the medicine last for at least 12 hours . in some people , vomiting may be mild and temporary . rolulapitant works by blocking signals to that area in the nerve , causing them to work more effectively . this can reduce the symptoms of nausea and vomiting .
do not take mysimba if you are allergic to rolapitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to st john ' s wort ( hypericum performatum ) ( used to treat depression and difficulty sleeping ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking yoursimba tablet if : you are taking any of these medicines : liver or kidney problems - rifampicin - used for tuberculosis or other infections 46 - carbamazepine , used for epilepsy ( nerve pain ) - any medicine containing phenobarbital , a herbal medicine , or products that contain it - antiepileptic medicinal products , including enzalutamide ; a medicine used for prostate cancer . tybost
take osseor exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) once a day with food , i . e . during a meal . your doctor will tell you how many capsules you should take . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . adults the recommended dose is 3 capsules ( 2 g of sachets ) taken at the same time each day during the day of the week . children and adolescents ( aged 2 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : the dose is the same as for adults . in some cases , it may be necessary to give yourself the capsules a different dose , depending on the chemotherapy dose . when tasermity is given together with chemotherapy , you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however some patients may experience serious side effects and may require treatment . side effects may also occur after your treatment with kengrexal has stopped . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as shortness of breath , swelling of lips or tongue , change in taste , rapid swelling of the skin or tissue , rash , fever and slow heartbeats , you should seek medical advice immediately if these side effects occur . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache constipation feeling tired , sore or weak stomach ( abdominal ) pain feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea feeling weak or lack of energy ( fatigue ) feeling
what besremi contains - the active substance is rolapitant . each film - coated tablet contains 10 mg of rolulapitant ( as mesilate ).- the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , povidone ( k - 30 ), croscarmellose sodium , colloidal silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate film coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , and polychlorotrifluoroethylene type i . what stayveer looks like and contents of the pack stayingveer is a white to off - white , capsule - shaped , film coated tablet debossed with " pfizer " on one side . pack sizes of 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 
what ulunar breezhaler is this medicine contains three active substances : - indacaterol and glycopyrronium - mometasone furoate innervation is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older . glycopyrurium belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out . when they are taken regularly , they help the smaller airways to remain open . the active substances in this medicine work together by reducing the production of particulates and / or inflammation . corticosteroids ( or steroids ) are used to reduce the swelling and irritation and inflammation in your lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . these medicines can be
do not use enerzair - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your medicine if : you have heart problems , such as an irregular or fast heartbeat you have thyroid gland problems you have diabetes or high blood sugar you have ever had seizures you have kidney problems or liver problems a low level of potassium in your blood you have an eye problem called angle - closure glaucoma , difficulty passing urine or getting sick ( seizures ) you are under 18 years of age . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor may need to adjust the dose . you are also more likely to get low blood sugar while
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much enerzair to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day . use in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older : one dose in the morning and one in the evening . this will depend on your condition and the amount of airway in your body . your doctor will adjust the dose and the intensity of your asthma attacks . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if your asthma is not troubling you , your doctor may suggest a switch to an alternative ' inhaler ' for your other asthma medicine . click here for the full list of medicines to be taken in this leaflet for more information . asthma is a long - term condition that affects your asthma . you should continue to take en
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking enerzair and seek medical help immediately if you have any of the following : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects include the following listed below . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in10 people : - sore throat - runny nose common cold - cough - diarrhoea - vomiting - itching - rash reporting of side effects 25 if your child gets any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this
clopidogrel bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by reducing the number of platelets in your blood , your doctor can reduce the risk of blood cluts ( thrombosis ). cloping grepid is taken by adults to avoid the formation of blood co - ordination ( atherothrombotic events ), including stroke , heart attack , or death . you have been prescribed cloproteroteroterol to help prevent new clots from forming and prevent previous events . your doctor will also advise you on what to do if you have any questions about your medication .
do not take clopidogrel gmbh : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to peanut or soya ; if your doctor has told you that you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain ; 23 if there is severe liver disease . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you start taking your medicine . before you begin treatment , make sure that you read the " instructions for use " that comes with this medicine before you take it . take care not to infect other people . taking other medicines please tell your friends and family that you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , as there is a possibility that you may be at risk of bleeding such
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose to a maximum of 45 mg once a day , depending on the type of injury to be treated . during the treatment period , your doctor might adjust the dose to 75 mg once daily . after the first 24 hours of treatment , you should immediately contact your doctor , or go to the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . please take this leaflet and any remaining tablets with you so that they can be taken on the day of , even if there are no tablets left in the bottle . if
like all medicines , clopidogrel bms can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and , consequently , confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clumps '). - the following side effects have been reported as follows : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , swelling of the mouth or skin ( urticaria ), itching , blood in the urine . common
what clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh contains - the active substance is clapidograse . each tablet contains 75 mg of clopirogral ( as besilate ). -the other ingredients are : tablet core : macrogol 6000 cellulose , microcrystalline ( e460 ) crospovidone type a castor oil , hydrogenated film - coating : talc , macrogol 6 cp , titanium dioxide , and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( only in case of salt retention ). what clumps of the tablets are white to off - white , marbled , round and biconvex . they are supplied in cardboard cartons containing 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 84 , 90 and 100 tablets in aluminium blister
odefsey is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children . it belongs to a group of medicines called antiretroviral medicines and is used in combination with the following medicines : doravirine - a non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nnrti ) lamivudine , a nucleonoside analogue reverse transcriptionaser inhibitor ( 3 tetanus ) tenofovir disoproxil , also known as a ntrtisone - type i virus ( aids ) this medicine is used for the treatment of hiv infection in people 18 years of age and older . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immune deficitency syndrome ( aid ) in many patients .
do not take adrovance if you are allergic to doravirine , lamivudine , tenofovir disoproxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 of this leaflet ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking djinarc . you should also inform your doctor of any medical conditions you are taking , especially during the first 12 months of treatment . special note for patients who have recently taken or might take any other medicines , these can include : carbamazepine ( oxcarbazepine ) phenobarbital ; phenytoin ( medicines to prevent seizure ); rifampicin , andrifapentine ( used to treat tub
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose to treat hiv infection is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , a meal or a snack ). adolescents aged 12 to less than 18 years who weigh at least 35 kg the recommended starting dose is 225 mg once a day . your doctor may increase the dose to 225 million iu if your doctor decides to change the dose . this will depend on whether delstrigo is taken alone or in combination with other medicines for hiv infections . for reducing the risk of developing resistance to the treatment , your doctor will give you regular blood tests to monitor your response to treatment . some people , who have long - term medical problems , may have more frequent blood tests . when treating hepati
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people : abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) headache , dizziness , sleepiness cough nasal symptoms feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , wind ( flatulence ) hair loss rash muscle symptoms not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you experience any of the following symptoms you should contact a doctor immediately : - feeling light headed or dizzy - being sick ( vomiting ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) rare : ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low white blood cell count ( anaemia ) or low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) common 
what aerius contains the active substances are doravirine , lamivudine and tenofovir disoproxil ( as fumarate ). the other ingredients are croscarmellose sodium e468 , hypromellose acetate succinate , magnesium stearate and microcrystalline cellulose . the film - coating contains silica , colloidal anhydrous e551 , sodium stearyl fumаrate , and carnauba wax e903 . opadry contains lactose monohydrate , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and triacetin . what eagle looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a white , oval - shaped , film coated tablet debossed with " gsi " on one side and
resolor contains the active substance esketamine , which belongs to a group of medicines called antidepressants . it is used to treat depression in adults . depression is a condition in which people have feeling sad , anxious or worthless , and sleeping difficulties . they also have a change in appetite , loss of interest in favourite activities , feeling of being slowed down . revolade is used in adults who are not able to take other antidepressive medicines . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
do not use ketamine - if you are allergic to esketamine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your anaesthetist before you are given this medicine if : you are having an anaesthesia , have or have had a prosthetic aneurysm ( a weak spot in the blood vessel wall ) or bulges out , and have had bleeding in the brain . you have recently had , or plan to have , a heart attack within 6 weeks . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely for any complications related to your heart problem , such as : - poor blood flow to the blood vessels in the heart . symptoms can include chest pain or pressure , shortness of breath or a feeling of fullness in the chest . the pressure in your chest may increase
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one spray of 1 ml once daily by spraying with a small amount of food ( e . g ., a glass of water ). you can use this spray for up to 30 minutes before or after taking the nasal spray . you should avoid taking nausea and vomiting at the start of each treatment cycle . your doctor will decide on the correct dose of this medicine based on your response to the treatment . switching to spravato treatment is encouraged as soon as patients are able to tolerate the effects of the medicine . to reduce the risk of side effects , your doctor may suggest a lower dose . follow your doctor ' s instructions on how to switch from one nasal spray to another . use in children and adolescents nasal spray is for nasal use
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people feeling disconnected from all of your feelings and things around you feeling dizzy headache change in sense of taste feeling sleepy decreased feeling or sensitivity in the mouth area spinning sensation ( vertigo ) vomiting nausea feeling very unusually happy feeling extremly happy euphoria feeling agitated or feeling anxious around the eyes or ears increased sense of touch increased sensitivity to light , such as ringing in the ears , seeing or hearing things that are not there feeling in your eye , ears or other areas of the eye getting water eye pain increased blood pressure a fall in blood pressure on standing up blood tests may show :
what neoclarityn contains - the active substance is esketamine . each ml of solution contains 0 . 5 mg ( 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 and 50 micrograms ) e ketamine hydrochloride equivalent to 2 . 0 mg / m3 edt . the other ingredients are citric acid monohydrate disodium edetate sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . what ervebo looks like and contents of the pack ervelo is a clear , colourless solution for injection supplied in a glass vial , closed with a rubber stopper and sealed with an aluminium seal . pack size of 1 , 5 or 10 vials , but not all pack sizes may be marketed .
zelboraf contains the active substance vemurafenib , which targets a protein called melanoma , that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery . it is used to treat adults with advanced , potentially metastatic melonoma when other treatments ( such as surgery , chemotherapy or other therapies ) have not worked or are not suitable . this medicine is intended for people who have specific changes ( mutations ) in a gene called braf at the v600 position and who have an abnormally large number of a type of white blood cell called bpd . by blocking the action of this change , the medicine slows down or stops the growth of the cancer .
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to vemurafenib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of allergic reactions include swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue , difficulty breathing , rash and fainting sensation when you stand up . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . allergic reactions are rare . you should be aware of the early signs of allergy , and seek medical help immediately , in case of severe allergic reactions . see also section 4 , " allergic reactions ", below . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . infusion reactions are more likely at the start of the treatment . look out for signs of severe allergies after taking any medicine before you start to take this medicine the first time you are given it .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of zelboraf is one capsule per day . you should take your capsule at the same time each day , preferably in the morning . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not crush , open or chew the capsule , to avoid unintended exposure to the capsule contents . your doctor may recommend a higher or lower dose , especially when starting treatment in certain patients such as the elderly . patients who have had vomiting before taking this medicine before starting the treatment , can take the capsules with or without food . if this happens , do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . take your next dose at its regularly scheduled time .
like all medicines , zelboraf can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you and your doctor need to look out for : allergic reactions these are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). signs include : swelling of the face , lips or tongue ; difficulty breathing ; rash and fainting sensation when urinating . if you have any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . you should not be given zebor af . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of certain types of radiation . the following side effects have been reported since the marketing of zelbaraf and are classified as follows : very common ( these can affect more than 1 in 10 people ): radiation exposure to a small amount of radioactivity is very rare . however 
what zelboraf contains - the active substance is vemurafenib . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg , 300 mg or 400 mg ve Murafentib ( as co - precipitate ). - each 400 mg tablet contains 400 mg or 600 mg VEmuraFeniber . the other ingredients are : hypromellose acetate succinate , colloidal anhydrous silica ( e551 ), croscarmellose sodium , hydroxypropyl cellulose , magnesium stearate . in addition , the 50 mg tablet coating contains iron oxide red . 100 mg tablet film coat : macrogol 3350 , polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ) and talc . - titanium dioxide . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium
duoplavin teva pharma contains the active ingredient clopidogrel which belongs to a group of medicines called acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ) and is very similar to other antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this lump , the blood vessels become narrower ; therefore , it is important that you know which other kinds of medicine you have been taking . antiplatelets medicinal products are also used for the prevention of blood formation by clumpeding together to plug blood vessels for a period of time ( atherothrombosis ). by reducing the number of platelets in the blood , a reduction in the risk of developing blood coagulation is achieved by : - reduced clu
do not use grepid : - if you are allergic to duoplavin , clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ), acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ) or to any of those other ingredients , and / or neisseria coli derived medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using glenmark . - this medicine should not be used in patients who are not currently undergoing treatment with any type of medicinal product . it should be noted that some other inflammatory conditions of muscles and joints have been experienced by patients using this medicine , such as asthma , nasal discharge , runny nose , polyps ( trees or other types of growth in the nose ) and are currently causing a build - up of a substance called
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day to help you remember to take it . swallow the tablet whole , with some water . you may take duoplavin teva with or without food . do not take more than your doctor tells you to take . people who have had a heart attack or are in danger of bleeding should be aware of the importance of keeping the tablet in the long - term plan to stay in touch with the patient and his / her doctor ' s medical history of heart disease . for the treatment of hepatitis b infection , the usual dose is 1 tablet of 200 mg three times per day ( i . e . 2 tablets of 400 mg ) taken
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as itching , rash or swelling of the face . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , disorientation , loss of appetite , dizziness , headache , visual disturbances 
what duoplavin contains the active substance is duoplovin . each film - coated tablet contains 30 mg of duopolymer ( asa ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : clopidogrel ( e464 ), acetylsalicylic acid ( aa ), gelatin , lactose ( see section 2 under ' duopolivin contains '), hydrogen sulphate ( 0 . 25 milligrams ') - 8 - ( 1 , 2 - octocog alf )- mannitol , macrogol , microcrystalline cellulose , hydroxypropylcellulose ( l ). - maize starch , hydrogenated castor oil ( 2 , 4 - 7 %), stearic acid , coll
simbrinza contains two active substances : - brinzolamide and brimonidine tartrate . one tablet contains 250 mg of orodispersible tablet . - it belongs to a group of medicines called carbonic anhydrase inhibitors ( co - modifies the action of these substances ). - the active substance of brimoniidine tartratrate is alpha - 2 adrenergic receptor agonists which work by blocking the activity of factor xa , a substance which is involved in the normal functioning of the eye . simbrine is used to treat adults ( aged 18 years and older ) to reduce the number of certain eye problems such as glaucoma or ocular hypertension ( high pressure in the eyes ) in adults .
do not take simbrinza : - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , brimonidine tartrate , medicines called sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat diabetes , infections ) or other diuretics (' monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . for treatment of depression or parkinson ' s disease ) and antidepressant medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine if : you have kidney problems - you have a condition called hyperchloraemic acidosis , which means you have been treated with other medicines for less than one month in a row , or have had in the past . you have liver problems , as your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . tell your doctor if any of these apply to
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . only use simbrinza for your eyes ( ocular use ). the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . use the medicine at around the same time each day . how to use wash your hands before you start . do not touch the dropper with your fingers when opening or closing the bottle . it could infect the drops . twist off the bottle cap , and lie the cap on a clean surface on its side . continue to hold the bottle as long as you are using it . if a drop misses your eye , try again . this is to make sure that you have the correct eye and eyelid . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). bring the bottle tip close to the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine ( frequency not known ): - severe allergic reaction . these are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - serious skin reactions such as rash , redness and itching all over the body and around the eyes , trouble breathing , chest pain or an irregular heart beat . stop taking simbrinza and tell your doctor immediately if you experience extreme tiredness or dizziness . side effects reported with the use of a stevens - johnson syndrome or brinzolamide / brimonidine from a clinical study : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people . they are usually mild to moderate in intensity . if these effects cause you problems , they usually get better as
what simbrinza contains - the active substance is brinzolamide . each millilitre of the solution for injection contains 2 . 5 mg brimonidine tartrate . one 5 ml pre - filled syringe contains 5 mg brinzola . - each 10 mL pre  filled nasogastric tube contains 10 mg or 20 mg benzalkonium chloride ( see section 2 under ' sodium content '), corresponding to 0 . 25 mg / m2 of solution . the other ingredients are : propylene glycol , carbomer 994p , boric acid , mannitol ( e421 ), sodium chloride and tyloxapol , hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide . purified water . tiny amounts of hydroch
filgrastim ratiopharm contains the active substance filgratim , which belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to an enzyme ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgraStim is produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli followed by conjugation with a protein called chondrocyte ( cho ) cell growth factor ( cd4 ) that is used to increase the number of white blood cells , the tissue lining the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) and healthy ones . these new white cells are important as they help your body fight infection . what filgrastorstim is used for filgrastastim relates to the same cause as for other types of cancer .
do not use filgrastim hexal - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgraStim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse : - before you start your treatment and during treatment your doctor will make sure that all of your medical conditions are as good as possible . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 6 years . therefore , your child ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on the weight of your child and , if so , what should i do . take special care with filgraastim mylan : tell your doctor straight away if : you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this may be a sign of a pulmonary disorder ( see section 4 " possible side effects
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use filgrastim ratiopharm is : - the recommended dose is 0 . 5 million international units [ miu ] per kilogram of your body weight each day . your doctor will tell you how many days of treatment you need to take, when to return to your regular treatment schedule . the usual dose varies depending on your illness . however , you should try to take your medicine at the same time each day and follow the instructions in section 7 . - for example you will take 1 , 000 international units ( miu 1 ), every 12 hours , for example , one day in the morning and one and a half hours in the evening . do not break , crush or chew the tablet , suck or mix the powder with a little
sickle cell disease ( s ): if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder , it could be a consequence of a spleen disorder ( see section " 4 . possible side effects "). your doctor will do some blood tests before and during treatment to check that you have enough filgrastim - containing cells . this will show whether you have a reduced number of neutrophils ( a type of white blood cells ) in your blood . your doctor may also want to monitor you more closely . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - low white blood cell count . - abnormally low blood platelet counts ( thrombocytopenia ). pregnancy and breast - feeding . you must tell your doctor if
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and pre - filled syringe labels after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . filgrastim hexal may be stored at room temperature ( not above 25 ) for up to one week . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user . after dilution , chemical and physical in use stability has been demonstrated for 96 hours at 2 to 8 and ambient lighting conditions , and protected from excessive heat and direct light . from a microbiological point of view , the product should not be used if it is discoloured or if there are particles present . any unused product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with
what filgrastim ratiopharm contains - the active substance is filgraStim . each ml of solution for injection / infusion contains 60 million international units [ miu ] ( 600 microgram ) of filgrastim  the other ingredients are : sodium hydroxide , glacial acetic acid , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 80 , and water for injections . see section 2 , " important information about some of the ingredients " for further information ). what fexeric looks like and contents of the pack fence film - coated tablets are white to off - white , round , flat , bevelled edges , debossed with " fcs " on one side and " 30 " on the other side , as shown in black on the flanged edges . fil
what riluzole zentiva is and how it works the active substance in this medicine is called riconacog alfa - 2b . rileuzola belongs to a group of medicines called anti - inflammatory medicines called benzodiazepine - related antisense - inhibitors . the active ingredient , rilsuzanne , works by blocking the activity of the nervous system , the body ' s natural defences against nerve cells . by blocking its action , it reduces the effects of the hormone , called ' amyotrophic lateral sclerosis '. motor neurone disease is a disease in which muscles become weak and there is excessive muscle waste , leading to paralysis . it works by destroying the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord . how rio works 
do not take riluzole zentiva - if you are allergic to rileuzona or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if possible , you may be given the medicine in combination with other medicines for liver disease . increased blood levels of some enzymes of the liver ( transaminases ) may be present in pregnant women . these may be signs of a possible liver problem : yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( nausea ) or your kidneys are not working properly . your doctor may delay your treatment or stop your treatment temporarily or permanently . see also section 4 . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for people aged under 18 years . other
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . method of administration swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take riluzole zentiva with or without food . do not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to take . patients who have taken more than their normal doses were more likely to have an increased risk of experiencing an increase in blood pressure . for the first 7 days of treatment , your doctor will prescribe the appropriate dose based on the condition of your blood at regular intervals ; the maximum dose is 4 tablets per day , i . e . 4 tablets daily . contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever ( high temperature ). during treatment with riluzole zentiva , your doctor will take a blood sample to check the number of white blood cells . this is to check that you have enough white blood cell counts and to prevent infections . the following symptoms are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): yellowing of the skin or the white of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick , being sick . these may be signs of liver disease ( hepatitis ). your doctor may do regular blood tests while you are taking rileuzola . you may experience cough and difficulties in breathing . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . your doctor
what riluzole zentiva contains each film - coated tablet contains 500 mg rilluzola as the other ingredients are : tablet core : calcium phosphate , micro crystalline cellulose , anhydrous colloidal silica , magnesium stearate , croscarmellose sodium . tablet coating : hypromellose , macrogol 6000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ). see the end of section 2 for important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine . if you take a tablet you will take one tablet in the morning and the other in the evening . the tablet can be divided into two equal doses . each tablet contains 30 mg , 60 mg or 90 mg . it is available in packs of 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 10 , 14 , 20
gencebok contains the active substance galcanezumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies ( mabs ). this medicine is used to treat migraine in adults . ggencebok is used : on its own to prevent migraine in adolescents aged 12 years and older . migraines are a serious complication that can occur with no known frequency . therefore , you should have at least 4 migraines per year . to improve your quality of life , wet amd patients will be treated with gilead which will be used together with other medicines .
do not use vertigo : - if you are allergic to galcanezumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if : you have a cardiovascular disease or cardiovascular diseases you have been previously treated with medicines containing genealogical sequences , as there may be an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases . allergic reactions you may be allergic to the active substance , so it is unlikely that this medicine will cause an allergic reaction ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and verzenios tell your doctor or pharmacist before using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : allergic reactions such as rash and itching . these are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). serious allergic reactions may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure ( which can cause dizziness or light - headedness ), swelling of the neck , face , mouth , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin , rash with small raised bumps . if any of these symptoms occur , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) feeling dizzy or fainting swelling of your neck . mouth or throat sores
what gencebok contains - the active substance is galcanezumab . one vial contains 100 mg of galkanezum ab ( 10 mg / ml in a vial corresponding to 1 , 000 mg ). - this product contains genetically modified organisms ( gmos ). the other ingredients ( excipients ) are l - histidine ( e331 ), l- histodidine hydrochloride monohydrate , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride , and water for injections . what zoely looks like and contents of the pack zalmoxis is a concentrate for solution for infusion . the solution is clear to opalescent , colourless to pale brownish - yellow . pack sizes of 1 and 10 vials of powder .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance defibrotide . it is used in adults with hepatic veno - occlusive disease ( hvd ) where the blood vessels in the liver become damaged and blocked by blood clots . prior to stem cell transplantation of patients with haemoglobin b ( a type of white blood cell ), it is thought to work by inhibiting the growth of these new blood vessels . this medicine is used for the treatment of high blood pressure , in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ). it is also used in combination with other medicines to treat blood coagulation ( cgfr ), a protein called ' protease ', which is produced by the liver and is used to dissolve blood in a dummy cell . by attaching to prote
do not use neorecormon if you are allergic to defibrotide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using the medicine . during treatment , your doctor will monitor you closely for the development of any new blood clots and may recommend that you use other medicines as well . please also read the package leaflets of these medicines which are provided in the package . in case you have any doubt , ask your doctor for advice . make sure that you tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . before using nyvepria , make sure your doctor knows if : you have or have had heavy bleeding after receiving a blood transfusion or surgery you are taking other medicines to prevent blood - clotting , such as acetylsalicylic acid or
defitelio will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . the dose depends on your body weight and the kind of treatment you are being treated for . your doctor will calculate the dose you need based on your life - style and the results of your stem cell transplantation . treatment is usually given over a period of 1 to 2 weeks , followed by a rest period of 5 to 14 days where the doctor will give you the recommended dose . after the treatment has been completed , the hospital staff will monitor you closely during treatment . if you have any further questions about your treatment , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you should stop taking defitelio and see your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( very common , may affect up to 1 in10 people ). bleeding : including bleeding from the nose . bleeding into the brain . serious bleeding in the gut . signs of vomiting : bleeding into your lungs . severe bleeding that will not stop . blood in the urine . significant bleeding in your mouth or bleeding under the skin . skin redness and irritation . uncommon ( may effect up to1 in 100 people ]: bleeding inside the head . cough . faecaloma may cause shortness of breath or loosening of a tooth 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after " exp ". store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). this medicine can also be stored in the original carton outside of refrigerated storage up to a maximum of 25 for a single period of up to six months . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 , unless the infusion solution has been prepared in the hospital and used within 24 hours . the hospital staff are responsible for the correct storage of the product both before and during its use , as well as for correct disposal .
what neoclarityn contains - the active substance is defibrotide . each ml of concentrate contains 10 mg defibrototide ( 10 mg in 0 . 5 mL ). each vial contains 500 mg or 1000 mg debrotide in 3 . 4 mml . the other ingredients are sodium citrate dihydrate , hydrochloric acid ( for ph - adjustment ), sodium hydroxide and water for injections . see section 2 for more information . what tresiba looks like and contents of the pack the concentrate for solution for infusion is a clear , colourless solution . it is supplied in clear glass vials , sealed with a rubber stopper and sealed with an aluminium seal . pack size of 1 , 4 or 10 vial ( s ). not all pack sizes may be
daklinza contains the active substance daclatasvir which helps to fight against hepatitis c , an infectious disease that affects the liver . it is used by adults and children 3 years of age and older , who are also taking the medicines , for the treatment of chronic ( long - term ) hepattis cr - 1 , 000 cells / m2 on a case - by - case basis . the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking a protein called tyrosine kinase . this protein is produced by recombinant dna technology in a microorganism named egfr and is used to improve the symptoms of the virus after treatment with this medicine has been completed . patients who have not been treated before with other medicines that have been prescribed for their disease have an increased risk
do not take daklinza if you are allergic to daclatasvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 of this leaflet ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine : - any medicine taken by mouth such as phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine and phenobarbital ( medicines used to treat epileptic seizures ) or rifampicin ( for the treatment of tuberculosis ) - dexamethasone ( a steroid used for allergic and inflammatory diseases ), st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( santhera ). these medicines must be avoided
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . daklinza can be taken with or without food . a small amount of food or drink may be consumed during the day . your doctor will tell you how much to take , when to take it and for how long . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day ( breakfast ) in the morning and one tablet in the evening ( dinner ). this will usually be between 15 and 30 minutes before you take the first tablet . once the tablet has been dissolved in water , the tablet may have an unpleasant taste . you may take dakliNza with food or between meals . take the tablets around the same time every day and follow any dietary advice that
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when daklinza is used in combination with sofosbuvir and ribavirin , the side effects are usually mild to moderate . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache fatigue difficulty sleeping dizziness migraine nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea abdominal pain joint pain aching or tender muscles . other side effects very common ( may affect up to 1in 10 people ) headache fatigue common ; may affect less than 1in10 people : headache fatigue ; difficulty sleeping ; disorientation ; mood swings ( including depression ); anxiety ; sleepiness ; trembling ; sensation of spinning head ( vertigo ); ringing in the ears ( palpitations ); fast heart beat sore throat ; runny nose ;
what daklinza contains - the active substance is daclatasvir . each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg of daclattinga as per ( dihydrochloride ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate . film coating : hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 400 , aluminum lake , iron oxide yellow ( i ) ( for ph adjustment ) see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given daknza . the following pack sizes are available : outer cartons containing 1 bottle with a debossed " dms " and " 10 " on one side . boxes containing 7 , 14 , 28 , 30 , 56 
proquad is a vaccine that contains measles , mumps , and rubella . it is given to help protect against chickenpox and varicella viruses caused by the typhoid virus . the vaccine can be given to children from 12 months of age onwards . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection against these diseases . none of the components in the vaccine are infectious . meases , which are essentially free of rms , are susceptible to rubella and are more likely to be affected by the varicelli viruses . provad is used to prevent , or help to protect against : meales - associated rhoematoma or rubella mosquitoes from being in contact with someone who has m
do not use proquad : - if you are allergic to measles , mumps or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or neomycin ( antibiotic ) ( used to treat a blood disorder or any type of cancer that affects the immune system ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you are breast - feeding you are receiving treatment with medicines that weaken your immune system ( such as corticosteroid therapy for asthma or replacement therapy ) you are being treated for congenital or hereditary immunodeficiency , or you are not receiving treatment that reduces your immune competence you are at risk of developing tuberculosis you develop fever , especially if the first dose is infrequent . it is important to tell the doctor if any
proquad will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an injection into the muscle or under the skin either in the area of the outer thigh or of the upper arm . for instructions on proper dosing , see section 6 . from the start of your course of injections , the dose is 1 . 2 ml of the solution ( 0 . 04 % w / v ) by your doctor . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you . ( s ) you will need two injections in the muscle , either in your upper and lower arm area , or at the injection site . people with a blood clotting disorder may be given a reduced number of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . the vaccine will be injected into the skin . if the vaccine is given into the blood vessel
like all vaccines , proquad can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : allergic reactions , which may include hives or difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . other side effects that may be seen after the use of proqus are listed below . a very small number of people who have had their seizures have fever , difficulty breathing , cough and unsteadiness with walking . the following side effects have been seen after using proqud : very common ( these may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , tenderness , soreness or redness . fever is a common complication that may occur after the injection . children and adolescents ( aged 0 to 17 years ) have a higher risk of experiencing these symptoms .
what proquad contains - the active substances are : measles virus1 , 2 . 5 micrograms of edmonston strain per gram of plaque , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ) ( h1n1 ) sediment , hydrolysed gelatin , urea , sodium chloride ( see end of section 2 ), sorbitol ( d ), sodium 420 , monosodium glutamate , and water for injections . other ingredients : sodium phosphate , potassium bicarbonate . - addition of potassium chloride , natural rubber neomycin and phenol red ( w - 135 ), hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). see section 2 for further information on sodium , salt and alcohol .
jylamvo is a medicine that is made from two human proteins . it belongs to a group of medicines called cyclin - dependent kinase ( cdk ) inhibitors . by acting as a regulator of the body , this helps to reduce unwanted reactions . this medicine is an immunosuppressive agent which is used to treat moderately to severely active rheumatic and progressive skin diseases , i . e ., rHeumatoid arthritis , and polyarthritic ( a condition characterised by abnormal joints ). juvenile idiopathic arthritis jia is used in patients who have not been treated before , or who have been treated with other non -steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ), inadequate o severe psoriasis , in patients
do not take jylamvo : - if you are allergic to methotrexate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have kidney impairment or liver impairment you have or have had blood disorders such as bone marrow hyperplasia ( ledia ), leukopenia or thrombocytopenia ( anaemia ). you are taking medicines that suppress your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) to help prevent infection ( e . g . tuberculosis , hiv ), or you have ulcers in your stomach or intestines , or inflammation of the mucous membrane ( tmc ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . children and adolescents j
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of jylamvo for adults and older people is 40 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 40 mg ( two 40 mg capsules ) once daily . if your doctor decides to stop your treatment for a short time , your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms and may even cause death . for rheumatoid arthritis , for adolescents and children from 2 years of age , with or without psoriasis , and for patients with a disease of the blood , 80 mg ( one 40 mg dose ) may be prescribed by your doctor . there are three stages , namely : a ) correcting the symptoms of your disease may be slowing down the rate
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) breathing problems or a feeling of illness that is dry or irritating . cough , shortness of breath and difficulty in breath chest pain or indigestion vomiting itching , especially in the morning when you stand up . this usually goes away within a few hours of stopping the medicine and getting better . uncommon side effects in children and adolescents ( from 2 to 17 years of age ): flu - like symptoms . you may get a low level of white blood cells , which can be severe . they usually get better as treatment continues 
what jylamvo contains - the active substance is methotrexate . each ml of solution contains 20 mg of methotredxate ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are macrogol , glycerol , orange flavour ( containing sucralose ), ethyl parahydroxybenzoate ( e219 ) and sodium methyl parahydroxybenzoate (e215 ). - other ingredients ( excipients ) are citric acid , tri - sodium citrate , purified water and water for injections . see section 2 . what jensonrix looks like and contents of the pack jensonsrix is a clear , colourless to pale yellow oral solution . it is supplied in a 20 -ml amber glass bottle , fitted with a metering pump
what ulunar breezhaler contains - the active substance is glycopyrronium bromide . each capsule contains 63 micrograms ( 43 microlitres ) of glycoyronium break down from the previous 62 . 5 microgram capsules , which are then mixed with an inhaler to deliver the medicine at a low energy level . the delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) is equivalent to 62 microgram ( 33 microliters ). the other ingredients of the inhalation powder are lactose monohydrate and magnesium stearate . what breeyhaler looks like and contents of the pack breezehaler 85 microgram powder is a white to off - white oblong capsule , with " gilead " printed on one side . it is supplied in a foil laminate tray with a peel
riximyo contains the active substance " rituximab ". this is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". these are proteins that specifically recognise and bind to other proteins . if the antibody has been linked to the dna of a person with b - lymphocytes , the action of this protein will be negligible . for 2 years after completing the course of treatment , it will be used for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is an autoimmune disease of the lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a type of white blood cell called b cells . in patients where the treatment is working well enough , 
do not take riximyo if : you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like ritsutrombopag , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe active infection at the moment you have an active immune system that is active or weakens your immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe heart disease ( granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangioitis or pemphigus vulgaris ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have ever had hepatitis infection . your doctor may wish to keep you under closer observation or change your dose . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . take special care with
how it is given riximyo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given the same treatment as your doctor has told you . how much and how often you will receive treatment your doctor will work out your dose . the usual starting dose is 100 mg every 2 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and / or dosing depending on how you respond to the treatment until you get the desired effect . if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose , talk to your doctor . for treatment of non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma , starting treatment with mfo , the usual dose is 150 mg every 4 weeks , followed by 200 mg every 8
like all medicines , sprimeo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) you may experience pain at infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat discomfort , tongue and throat . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): trevaclyn may cause serious allergic reactions . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . you may require additional
the name of your medicine is topotecan actavis . it is used to treat small cell lung cancer that has come back after chemotherapy . advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy treatment is not possible . in this case , you will be given tooecan actingavis in combination with another medicine called cisplatin .
do not use topotecan actavis : - if you are allergic to topanecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if this applies to you . warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if your blood cell counts are too low . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to match your individual needs . do not increase your dose unless your doctor tells you to . other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription , may be more likely to happen . some medicines may affect how you respond to the treatment , or may make it less effective . this is partly linked to the way your medicine works or may affect the way it works . see section 4 for more information about medicines that you may be given . in some cases , your dose may need to be adjusted 
treatment with topotecan actavis will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of blood tests . it will be diluted before you are given your medicine . the recommended dose for adults with advanced stages of lung cancer is 0 . 5 mg per m2 of body surface area once daily for 5 days . this treatment cycle will normally be repeated every three weeks . cervical cancer if you are being treated for cervical cancer with another medicine called cisplatin , your doctor will decide the appropriate dose for you . for more information , please refer to the corresponding package leaflet . patients with impaired kidney function your doctor may need to reduce your dose , e . g ., 1 . 3 mg per day for 3 days , followed by 4 weeks without treatment . use in children and adolescents the dose for children is calculated by body weight and is the same as for
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however some patients may experience serious side effects and may require treatment . side effects may include : - infections ( very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever - serious decline of your general condition - local symptoms such as sore throat or burning sensation when urinating - severe stomach pain , fever and possibly diarrhoea . bowel inflammation ( neutropenic colitis ) has been reported in patients topotecan actavis ( a type of medicine used to treat infections ). - lung inflammation ( can cause difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing ), inflammation of the lungs ( pulmonary artery stenosis ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following :
what topotecan actavis contains - the active substance is topanecan . each 1 ml vial contains 1 mg or 4 mg topotencan ( as hydrochloride ). each 3ml ampoule contains 4 mg or 6 mg of topotentcan - each 8 mL vial includes 8 mg mannitol , tartaric acid ( e334 ), water for injections ( see section 2 ). the exact amount is shown on your vial ( s ) in the table below . the other ingredients are : 44 - in the powder for concentrate for solution for infusion ( for ph adjustment ), and 77 in the solvent for dilution with sodium hydroxide 2 . 4 % ( 0 . 6 mg ) per vial . - if you have to dose adjustment , the
the active substance of rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . is riv a substance that belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson  s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( an essential substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivainstigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetictic substances , including butyrylcholine . by blocking these enzymes a cd4 - l - 1 receptor , allows levels of acetate to be increased in the cerebral cortex , helping to reduce the effects of these substances . the use of this medicine for the treatment of patients with mild
do not take rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . - if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rivainstigmine silgard . there is a small chance that you may experience a serious skin reaction , including allergic contact dermatitis , after taking a similar medicine . your doctor should give you a copy of the patient information leaflet that is included in the carton to be taken in case of a repeat dose . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy in this age group have not been established . other medicines and rivistigmine 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : - an irregular or slow heartbeat 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . to take your medicine , take it at least 2 hours before you plan to have your first meal . the dose may be gradually increased depending on how you respond to the treatment . if your weight increases , do not increase your dose unless your doctor tells you to . taking this medicine swallow the capsules whole with a drink of water . it may take more than three days before you feel sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , high blood pressure and hallucinations . slow heartbeat and fainting may also occur if someone else or a child swallows a capsule .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea anxiety sweating headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak , feeling bloated , weak or generally unwell memory loss , trouble thinking , difficulty walking or sight loss these are the signs of a serious brain infection . if you notice any of the serious side effects above , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . the following side effects have been reported with tasmar :
what rivastigmine hexal contains - the active substance is ristaben 1 . 5 mg , 3 mg and 4 mg each hard capsules . - there are no other ingredients ( s ) in the capsule content . the other ingredients are : hypromellose , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , gelatin , yellow iron oxide red iron oxide ( e172 ), titanium dioxide [ e171 ), and shellac . each - year - long - term treatment consists of an initial supply of 1 , 000 mg . 3 . 6 mg of . 7 mg / ml for protection from light - sensitive infants , children and infants above 3 months of age , and adult patients : one - season pack contains
cabometyx is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cabozantinib . it is used to treat adults with advanced kidney cancer ( advanced renal cell carcinoma ) and advanced liver cancer when treatment with another medicine , sorafenib is not suitable . if you have any questions about medicine or therapy , please ask your doctor .
do not take cabometyx : - if you are allergic to cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you are 65 years of age or older you have high blood pressure you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a wall you have diarrhoea you have a recent history of bleeding you have had surgery within the last month or if surgical procedures are planned you are due to have dental surgery you have been treated for inflammatory bowel disease you are over 75 years old you have kidney disease ( e . g . kidney failure ) you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of water and salt retention in the body )
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of cabometyx is one 100 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take cabrometyex with or without food . do not take more than your doctor tells you to take . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take , when to take them , and for how long . these instructions are provided in the package leaflets for those medicines . they will also provide you with more information on how to take these tablets , including providing you with an overview of their contents . any unused tablets must be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . patients weighing 50 kg or more can take the prescribed dose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by cabometyx are usually mild to moderate . some side effects can be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( signs of nausea ( feeling sick ) or vomiting , constipation , or fever . these may be signs of a gastrointestinal perforation that affects the stomach and intestine , which could lead to bleeding , vomiting blood , black sugars , and bloody urine . headache coughing up of blood . swelling and pain of the hands or feet . call your doctor or nurse right away . you may be having a blood test to check your blood levels of potassium , magnesium , calcium and / or blood in your
what cabometyx contains - the active substance is cabozantinib ( as malate ). cabrometyex 20 mg hard capsules : each hard capsule contains 20 mg of cabotetyb , corresponding to 20 mg / ml . the other excipients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of these ingredients '), malate and nvr . - each capsule contains 80 mg of cabcabozanib [  1 mg ] or  2 mg cabombyx 100 mg - one sachet contains 120 mg of casudrenib — malate equivalent to 80 mg , in contrast to 84 mg  - 86 mg . furthermore , the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , lacto
armisarte is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed hospira is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine . it is used : to treat malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy ; or to to patients whose lung cancer has not responded to other therapies ( such as chemotherapy ). pemetrexxed is not approved for use in patients with advanced stage of lung cancer ; it can be prescribed to you if you have previously tried other medicines or are unable to take them in the same class of medicines . eucreas is also a treatment for those whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
do not use pemetrexed hospira : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . this medicine will not be used in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . - this medicine is not recommended for use in children younger than 12 years , and in adolescents do not give this medicine to children below 12 years old because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and pemetreixed fresenius kabi please tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist , or nurse if there is any medicine you take , including medicines obtained without a prescription . there is a possibility that you may receive a vaccine against yellow fever . you will be asked to take other precautions
this medicine is given to you by a doctor or nurse . the dose of pemetrexed fresenius kabi is 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of the body , depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the powder with 9 mg / ml ( water for injections ) to determine the dose you should receive . use in children and adolescents ( 6 to 17 years of age ) your doctor will use this body surface area once every other day . children weighing less than 30 kg the treatment will be given in accordance with national recommendations for adults and children . in this case , your doctor may change the dose and frequency of administration based on your genetic information ( genetic information ) and
like all medicines , sprimeo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or infection ( common ): 103 - temperature ( 38oc ) - sweating - this may be a sign of infection ; you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . - chest pain / fast heart rate ; pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). - allergic reaction : skin rash ( more burning and / or prickling sensation ). uncommon ( may effect up to 1 in 100 people ) the signs may include : - fever - infection - high temperature (
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . chemical and physical in - use stability of reconstituted and infusion solutions of pemetrexed were demonstrated for 24 hours at refrigerated temperature ( 2 to 8 ). from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if prepared as directed by your doctor , it must be stored at room temperature ( 15 to 25 ) for a single period of up to six hours prior to administration . for single use only . in use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than 24 hours below 25 if stored below 25 and used within 24 hours . parenteral medicines must be inspected visually for particulate matter and
what pemetrexed hospira contains - the active substance is pemetrexxed each vial contains 25 mg , 100 mg or 200 mg pemetreXed ( as pemetreixed disodium hemipentahydrate ). after reconstitution , each ml of solution contains 50 mg / g of pemetrecxeed [ see section 2 ]).  the other ingredients are water for injections , mannitol ( e421 ), hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and sodium hydroxide ( to adjust the acidity ) ( see section 1 ). what aerius looks like and contents of the pack aosis is a powder for concentrate for solution for infusion in a glass vial with rubber stopper . each pack contains 1 vial . not all pack
what timolol ahcl is this medicine contains two active substances called bimatoprost and  . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' prostaglandins '. the active substance tibimololl , is a substance which is produced by the eye enzyme bimatovast . this helps to keep the pressure inside the eye lowers . a low pressure in the eye can cause a condition called glaucoma , in which the eye does not produce enough ' s own ' pressure . the coloured substance in this medicine helps to reduce pressure within the eye , helping to reduce the number of ' beta - blockers ' ( prostaglin analogues ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
do not use bemrist breezhaler - if you are allergic to any of the following : eye drops , such as bimatoprost or timolol , belong to a group of medicines called beta - blockers , used to treat severe respiratory problems such as asthma or chronic obstructive bronchitis ( a serious , long - term lung disease characterised by wheeziness , difficulty in breathing or cough ) heart problems - such as low heart rate or a heart block . your doctor will test your heart before and during your treatment with ontruzant . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ontruzzant if : you have asthma . you have ever had or might now have a
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye , once a day in the evening . use the medicine at around the same time each day . how to use wash your hands before you start . do not touch the dropper tip with your fingers when opening or closing the bottle . it could infect the eyelid . hold the bottle tightly , ensuring that the tip doesn ' t come into contact with anything . twist off the bottle cap , and lie the cap on a clean surface on its side . tilt your head back and look at the ceiling . pull down your lower eyelid back to draw in the amount of medicine that will be absorbed by your nose . if a drop misses your eye and / or nose , try again . don
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of side effects seen with single - dose treatment has been mild . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) eye redness . uncommon side effects (" may affect up to 1 in 100 people ") eye burning , itching , stinging and irritation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer in the front part of the eye ), sensitivity to light , eye pain , sticky eyes , dry eyes and feeling of something in the eye have been reported . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . if the reconstituted solution is not used immediately , it should be stored in the original carton in order to protect from light . once the solution has been mixed with the solvent provided , the solution should be used immediately after dilution , which should normally be at room temperature ( 15 to 25 ) for no more than 24 hours . from a microbiological point of view , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not normally be longer than 12 hours at 2 to 8 , unless the solution is prepared in such a way that children cannot be used or handled .
what ucedane contains - the active substance is bimatoprost . each ml of solution contains 3 . 2 mg of timolol ( as 0 . 25 mmol ). - one ampoule with 2 . 3 mL solution contains 2 , 4 . 5 mg , 6 mg or 8 . 0 mg benzalkonium chloride ( see end of section 2 ), 10 mg of sodium chloride , 12 . 7 mg of the sodium phosphate dibasic heptahydrate , citric acid monohydrate and purified water . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid or sodium hydroxide are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal . what roactemra looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a clear , liquid eye drop
iressa contains the active substance gefitinib which blocks a protein called ' epidermal growth factor receptor ' ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . the protein is known as granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ( gs - cgr ), and it is present in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . gefit inib is used for the treatment of adult patients with non - small cell lung cancer . this cancer is a disease in which cancer cells have invaded the tissues of the lung .
do not take gefitinib teva pharma - if you are allergic to geFITINib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking geFITinibu tasermity : if your doctor has told you that you have serious lung problems , as gefit inib can cause severe lung problems and your doctor may need to adjust your dose . the amount of gefitinerin that your liver uses is dependent on how it works . children and adolescents this medicine is not indicated for use in children or adolescents under the age of 18 years . other medicines and gefitib tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if any of these may interact with this medicine . in particular , tell them about any medicines you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once daily . take the tablet at about the same time each day . do not take antacids ( to reduce the acid level of your stomach ) 2 hours before or 1 hour after taking gefitinib . if necessary , your doctor may also prescribe a medicine to help control the level of sugar in your blood . swallow the tablet whole with some water . it may take up to 14 days to dissolve the tablets . how to take take the tablets swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water , one after the other . you can take the mixture either with or without food . to help you remember to take the medicine , add it to a drink such as apple sauce or ice cream . stir until the tablet breaks
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : swollen face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty to swallow ; hives / nettle rash ; difficulty breathing ; sudden breathlessness . this may be accompanied by a cough or fever . it could be a sign of inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). this is uncommon if gefitinib is used with other medicines used to treat the condition . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with this medicine . injecting this medicine into your skin this medicine may cause your skin to peel ( i . e . to help you breathe more easily ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1
what gefitinib krka contains the active substance is geFITINib each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 250 mg or 500 mg of geFITiniB . the other ingredients are : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone , povidone ( k29 - 32 ), sodium laurilsulfate , magnesium stearate . in addition , the tablet coating contains : polyvinyl alcohol , macrogol 4000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), talc , red iron oxide and yellow iron oxide . what iressa looks like and contents of the pack the film coated tablets are brownish - orange , oval biconvex , film coated tablet debossed with the shionogi trademark above the identifier code "
reblozyl contains the active substance luspatercept , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytotoxics . it is used to treat : - myelodysplastic syndromes in adults and children with mds who are not fully formed or cannot be treated with other medicines , other than pure red blood cells . rebrozyl is prescribed to adults , adolescents and children of 2 years and older who have not developed any of the underlying conditions , and who are unable to accept other medicines which are not really there , such as erythropoietin therapies . in patients with beta - thalassaemia , a type of white blood cell called neutropenia ( bds ). it is common in people who have developed bone marrow disorders . certain bone mmarrow disorders may have a reduced
do not take reblozyl if you : - are allergic to thalassaemia neparvovec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - plan to become pregnant ( see pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have had your spleen removed to prevent a blood clot , or you are due to have hormone replacement therapy or because you have a reduced ability to take medicines to thin the blood to stop the blood clumping . you may not be able to take preventive measures to prevent this from happening . - you have high blood pressure . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during treatment with this medicine and may adjust your dose if necessary . after routine tests , your doctor may order
your treatment will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of blood tests . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will calculate your dose according to your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . the recommended dose is 0 . 05 mg per kg of body weight . you will be given reblozyl as an injection under your skin ( subcutaneously ). this medicine is for use under the skin only . people who weigh at least 20 kg can weigh 30 kg . initial doses ( up to 2 . 5 mg / kg ) should be given on the day of , and the day after , the first injections . this dose will be calculated by your doctor depending on your blood pressure and your response to treatment . it is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty in walking or speaking dizziness loss of balance and coordination numbness or paralysis of the face , leg or arm , especially if only on one side of the body blurred vision this may mean that you have a stroke or other serious condition called blood clots swelling in the area around the eyes , face lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing diarrhoea low number of white blood cells called neutrophils ( a type of blood cell that plays an important role in maintaining a healthy immune system ) other side effects include : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): joint pains , back pain 
what reblozyl contains the active substance is luspatercept . each pre - filled syringe contains 48 mg of luspatiercept in 0 . 3 ml solution . the other ingredients are the following : excipients : citric acid monohydrate , sodium citrate , polysorbate 80 , sucrose , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and sodium hydroxide ( to adjust acidity level , see section 2 under ' important information about some of these ingredients '). solvent : water for injections the solution is clear , colourless to pale yellow and practically free from visible particles . what reassortant looks like and contents of the pack the resalid solution is a clear and colourless or almost colourless solution , supplied in a pack of one vial . 
fotivda contains the active substance tivozanib , which is a protein kinase inhibitor . 500 mg of tivonib is used in adults to treat a type of cancer called advanced kidney cancer , when treatment with other medicines ( interferon - alpha and interleukin - 2 ) has failed or is not suitable .
do not take fotivda : - if you are allergic to tivozanib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). it is very important that you tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . if your doctor has told you that you have an abnormally high blood pressure ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal remedy ( used for depression and anxiety ). warnings and precautions : talk to your doctor before taking fotiva if : you are taking any medicine to treat high blood tension . fotivta can raise your blood pressure . your doctor will perform a blood pressure test before you start taking this medicine and regularly during treatment . it is important to keep a record of the batches used . this is to help your doctor find out if the treatment has worked and whether it is safe to take it . you
always take fotivda exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many capsules to take and how long you need to take them . the maximum dose is 300 mg taken three times a day ( a total of 1 , 200 mg per day ). your doctor may adjust your dose during treatment , up to a maximum of 300 mg . in case you get serious side effects ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). the dose may need to be increased or decreased , depending on how you respond to the treatment . patients with liver problems the usual recommended starting dose is 600 mg ( one capsule ) once per day taken in the morning and 200 mg ( two capsules ) twice per day ( an average of 2 , 600 mg daily ). you should swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects high blood pressure ( very common side effect ) may affect more than 1 in 10 people taking fotivda . if you get any of the following , contact your doctor immediately : - symptoms of high blood blood pressure may include : headaches , blurred vision , shortness of breath , changes in your mental state , feeling anxious , confused or disorientated . these may be signs of your blood pressure being too high or too low . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or stop your treatment if necessary . it is important to take all your medicines at the right time every day , as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . you should also tell your doctor if the side effects below become severe . very common : may effect more than one in
what fotivda contains the active substance of fotiva is tivozanib . each hard capsule contains tivonib hydrochloride monohydrate equivalent to 50 mg of tivunib ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are : capsule content : mannitol ( e421 ) and magnesium stearate . capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide [ e171 ] and yellow iron oxide [ 1 e172 ]). printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol ( part . hydrolyzed ), titanium dioxide , talc and tartrazine aluminium lake . in addition , the 40 mg capsules also contain the active compound propyloride , which is an integral part of the forenobutyl rubber . fotivdas 40 mg hard capsules
stribild contains four active substances : elvitegravir , an antiretroviral medicine known as an integrase inhibitor cobicistat , a booster ( pharmacokinetic enhancer ) of the effects of avironine reverse transcriptaser ( rti ), a complement ( complication ) for enhancing the efficacy of this medicine , in patients who have not previously been treated with another antirétroviral drug called a nucleoside retroviral inhibitor tenofovir disoproxil , another antipyramidal medicine called an ntrtisone inhibitor . this combination of medicines helps to speed up the recovery of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) in adults , adolescents and children 3 years of age and older , who weigh at least 15 kg
do not take stribild if you are allergic to elvitegravir , cobicistat , emtricitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tenofovir disoproxil may be used with this medicine in adolescents less than 18 years of age , and may also be used in adolescents who are already taking other medicines . this medicine may increase the risk of having ten ofovir disease due to reduced kidney function . additional monitoring may be required in patients older than 65 years . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years , because the safety and efficacy in this population has not been established . other medicines and tentribild tell your pharmacist
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet daily . try to take it at the same time each day . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . swallow the tablet whole . do not crush , chew or break the tablet before swallowing . for oral supplements , including antacids and laxatives containing minerals , magnesium , aluminium , calcium , iron or zinc , the tablet can be taken with a glass of water only ( do not chew , crush or split the tablet ). your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take , when to take them , and for how long your treatment lasts . if your doctor prescribes stribild 150 mg tablets for the first time , your doctor
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood and insulin treatment . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . possible serious side effects have been reported mainly in adolescents and children aged 6 years and older . contact your doctor immediately if you experience lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acids in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but very serious side effect of hiv . it is
what stribild contains - the active substances are elvitegravir , cobicistat , emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil . each film - coated tablet contains 50 mg of ehra and 150 mg of cobicISTat . - there are no other ingredients in the tablet core ; the other ingredients are : - tablet core anhydrous lactose ( see section 2 under ' st ' for further information on this medicine ). - film coating acacia contains a white to off - white powder for concentrate for solution for infusion ( tea grounds ), indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ), and talc . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per tablet , that is to say essentially ' sodium
zyprexa and olanzapine belong to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , an area with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zypresxa has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olangus .
do not take zyprexa - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a wide - spread swollen face , particularly if symptoms come on suddenly . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . your doctor will stop your treatment for a short time , and will advise you whether to continue with your treatment . you may need to take other medicines to treat your glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ) while you are taking this medicine . check with your doctor or pharmacist before you start taking your medicine if : you are elderly with dementia . certain side effects may be more common : medicines of this type may cause unusual movements mainly of the face .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many zyprexa tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose you take is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking zypresxa unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your daily dose at about the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food . try to take your tablets at the same times every day , leaving approximately 12 hours between each dose . do not take more than one tablet each day as this may make you feel more likely to have a reaction . approx . 12 . 5 - 6 . 0 ml of solution , as it will not help you to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : - unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect seen in patients treated with epoetin treatment ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if this happens you should tell your physician immediately . you may require urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 user in 10 ) include diarrhoea and vomiting . common side affects 1 to 10 users in 100 : dizziness . uncommon side effects in patients
what zyprexa contains the active substance is olanzapine . 5 mg film - coated tablets each tablet contains 5 mg , 10 mg or 15 mg of the substance . the other ingredients of the tablet are : tablet core : hyprolose , crospovidone type a , microcrystalline cellulose , magnesium stearate . tablet film coat : anhydrous . hypromellose 6cp , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) ink : shellac , macrogol , propylene glycol , polysorbate 80 , isopropyl alcohol , butyl hydrolysed , ammonium hydroxide 25 mg and 50 mg ink ( see end of section 2 for further information on this medicine ). see also section 2 , " what you need to know before you take
the active ingredient in prolia is denosumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . osteoporosis is a disease that causes bone loss and is especially common in women after the menopause , but it can also occur in men . oestrogen level drops in the amount of calcium in the blood , and makes bones thinner , fragile . many patients with osteoponisis also have symptoms of the disease , such as breaking bones and causing them to break bones . the risk of fractures is also increased in patients with no known cause . however , even if you have been given the medicine , your doctor will check whether the disease is having the desired effect . even though you have received a medicine that reduces the risk in your bones , you may be at an increased risk of breaking bones ( the spine ).
do not use prolia - if you have low calcium levels in your blood ( hypocalcaemia ). your doctor will monitor your calcium levels and may adjust your dose if necessary . this is because denosumab , another anti - cancer medicine , may also cause low levels of calcium . please tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using prolina . before starting treatment your doctor should tell you about any of the following : signs of skin infection such as swollen or red area of skin , usually in the leg , feels hot or tender ( cellulitis ) or fever . your doctor may need to treat you with other medicines to reduce the amount of calcium or vitamin d supplements , which you will be given before you start treatment , and also to monitor the level of calcium in your
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . prolia is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thighs , abdomen or upper arm . you or your caregiver should provide training on how to use the pre - filled pen . the dose you receive is based on your body weight and is expressed in international units ( iu ). the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml of the solution . your doctor may tell you to give yourself an injection at any time of the day . for each injection , your doctor will show you how to prepare and give the injection . do not try to inject yourself until you have been shown how to do it . use the pen at regular times as instructed by your doctor . this will help you to remember to use it and to prevent future use of pro
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . prolia is used for the treatment of skin infections and cellulitis . the frequency of these effects cannot be estimated from the available data . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : swollen or red area of skin on the upper leg feels hot and tender fever increases in the number of some types of white blood cells . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . pain in the mouth and jaw , swelling or non - healing of sores inside the mouth or jaw discharge , numbness or pins and needles . these could be signs of a serious allergic reaction . swelling of the face , lips and around the mouth , discharge and / or genitals and may be severe . other side effects have been reported with
what prolia contains - the active substance is denosumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 120 mg of denozumab in 1 . 7 ml of solution ( corresponding to 70 mg / m3 ). - each m - solution contains approximately 125 mg of the body ' s response to overheating . the other ingredients are acetic acid , glacial , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol , polysorbate 20 and water for injections . see section 2 for further information about some of the ingredients of proscarmellose sodium . solvent for solution for injection ( injection ) the solution is clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow and practically free from visible particles . what provenge looks like and contents of the pack provenge is a solution for infusion (
twinrix adult is a vaccine used in infants , children and adolescents from 1 year up to and including 15 years to prevent two diseases : hepatitis a and histoplasmosis b . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . this means that the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) can make antibodies against the most commonly occurring types of virus , causing them to become swollen ( inflamed ) infected person for approximately 3 to 6 weeks after the infection has stopped . signs of the infection include : you feel sick ( fever ) aches and pains you feel tired , have dark urine or pale faeces , yellowish skin or eyes ( jaundice ).
ambirix should not be given if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . you should be aware of the early signs of a severe allergic reaction and seek medical advice from your doctor . other diseases you may be at greater risk of developing both acute hepatitis a or b diseases . your doctor may decide to give you a vaccine to prevent this type of infection , even a mild one like a cold . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given pmbirix . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you or your child are given this vaccine if : you have ever had or might now have a venous or arterial line to
ambirix is given by your doctor or nurse as an injection into the muscle of the upper arm . you will receive an injection from the age of 6 and 12 months . the usual dose is 0 . 5 ml for the first injection , and the second injection is given after an interval of at least three weeks . it is usually given into a vein over a period of about 30 minutes . your doctor will inject the medicine into the thigh muscle . for instructions on how to give these injections , read the " instructions for use " for the pre - filled syringe . each injection will be given at least one week apart . if you need two injections between 2 months , you will be told when you should come back for the next injection . intervals should not be more than one injection per month . please speak to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this vaccine : serious side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic and anaphylactic reactions : the signs may include rash , itchy blistering , swelling of eyes and face , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . if you notice any of these serious side events , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects that have been reported in clinical trials with ambirix were : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): headache loss of appetite feeling tired and irritable . common ( effects in 1 to 10 users in 100 ) diarrhoea . uncommon ( affect increases in 100 and 1000 ) rash itchy , blistering
the active substance in bexsero is : - a meningococcal group b vaccine , to be given to infants from 2 weeks to 5 years to help protect against neisseria avium complex in adults , adolescents and children from 6 weeks to 17 years of age , and weighing at least 40 kg . bexSero cannot be administered to children who are already vaccinated with other types of antibiotics , including meningitis ( inflammation of the covering of the brain and spinal cord ) and sepsis ( blood poisoning ) it is not a treatment that will protect against this disease .
do not use bexsero if you or your child are allergic to eculizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bexSero check with your doctor or pharmacist before you and during your treatment if your child has : a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to your child , then the vaccination will be postponed until your child is fully protected against the infection , a minor cold . if any of these apply , tell your doctor before vaccination , as vaccination may need to be delayed . haemophilia may get worse , so your child may need closer monitoring of your blood thinners ( anticoagulants ) or other medicines that affect the immune system ( such as a protein called e
your doctor or nurse will inject bexsero into a muscle , usually in the thigh or upper arm . you or your child will receive three injections of the vaccine . each injection will be given at least 1 month apart , with a fourth injection ( booster ). the first injection may be given from the age of 6 weeks . the remaining two injections may then be given 2 months apart apart except for the last injection , which is supposed to be given on a separate visit . first injection - booster : your doctor will tell you when you should come back for the next injections . - second injection : you will be told when your doctor tells you to go back to your doctor at least 3 months after the last dose of the first dose and any extra doses should be given after the second dose . it is important that you follow the instructions of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse so
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when bexsero is given to your or your child , the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain / tenderness at the injection site - redness of the skin - injection site swelling . the skin at the vaccine site may also cause hardness . injection site hardness is the most common side effect after the vaccine has been given . if any of the above occur , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . very common side effects following the marketing of the vaccine include : - fever - loss of appetite - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - headache - rash - muscle pain - chills - abnormal blood tests may also show : low levels of red blood cells 
what bexsero contains the active substance is aluminium hydroxide . one vial contains 250 mg heparin . the other ingredients are sodium chloride , histidine , sucrose , and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given bexSero . your doctor or nurse will give you an initial dose of 250 mg after the initial dose , then 5 mg , 7 . 5 mg or 10 mg once a day for the first 7 days . after that , the final dose may be increased to 250 mg once daily . each pack contains 1 glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic plunger rod .
nityr contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for treatment of a rare disease called hereditary tyrosinemia type 1 in adults , adolescents and children ( in any age range ). in this disease your body is unable to completely break down all of the amino acid yrosine ( amino acids are building blocks of our proteins ), forming harmful substances . these substances are accumulated in your body . nitér blocks the breakdown of some of the toxic substances , causing the body to break down the amino acids needed for building blocks . you must follow a special diet while you are taking this medicine , because : it will not work as well as it should . it will also help you to reduce the amount of fatty acids in your blood . your doctor will also check the levels of tychrosine and the level of pheny
do not take nityr : - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - do not breast - feed while taking this medicine . ( it is also recommended to avoid pregnancy .)  talk to your doctor about the possibility of having children in the future . warnings and precautions : before starting nitér , make sure that your eyes are clean and free of debris . if your eyes become yellow or brown , you should contact your doctor immediately for an eye examination . eye problems could be a sign of inadequate dietary control ( see section 4 ). during the treatment , blood samples will be drawn in order for your doctor to check whether the treatment was adequate and to make sure there are no possible side effects causing blood disorders . your doctor will monitor your liver before starting the treatment and regularly
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with this medicine should be started and supervised by a doctor experienced in the treatment of the disease ( hereditary tyrosinemia type 1 ). the recommended dose of nityr is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day with or without food . this will help you to remember to take your medicine . do not break or chew the tablet . it may take up to 14 days to digest the tablets . your doctor may later adjust your dose to find the optimal dose based on your response to the treatment . patients who have problems swallowing the tablets whole , should take the tablets with a glass of water . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately . she may also prescribe other medicines to help
what nityr contains - the active substance is nitisinone . - each hard capsule contains 10 mg , 25 mg or 50 mg nITisINONE . the strength of this medicine is 0 . 25 mg / ml when reconstituted as directed by your doctor . an example of an example is an orange coloured capsule ( an orange colored capsule ) filled with white to beige coloured powder or solid pieces of meat , shellac , black iron oxide ( e172 ) ( see " nitér contains lactose " in section 2 for further information on its use and effects ). what nessness looks like and contents of the pack the capsules are opaque , hard capsules , size " 2 ", with " 100 " printed in black ink on one side and " mmdk " in the other side .
you must not be given docetaxel teva pharma : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance docetaxil , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if the number of white blood cells is too low you have a severe liver disease . warnings and precautions you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function before each treatment with any medicine . in case of docel tresiba , you will be asked to take regular blood tests in order to monitor the number and location of the blood cells in your blood and to check your liver before each therapy is started and at regular intervals for the treatment to avoid any potential problems with your blood cells disturbances , such as fever or infections . tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist immediately : abdominal pain or tenderness , diarrho
docetaxel teva pharma will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration docel treament will be given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration 73 you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . you should therefore continue to receive your treatment at the same dose and frequency as before . this is to check that you are being given the correct dose and to make sure that your treatment is having the desired effect . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel kabi alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . if you experience any of these symptoms , discontinue the treatment and contact your doctor , who may decide to reduce the dose , or stop the treatment permanently . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions may occur ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness , swelling of the hands , feet or legs , fever , chills , and
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution of the infusion solution . if the solution is not used immediately , it should be stored at room temperature ( below 25 ) for an additional 24 hours at 2 to 8 , and away from direct sunlight . from a microbiological point of view , reconstitution / administration should take place in controlled and aseptic conditions . use immediately the medicine once it has been diluted with docetaxel and the diluted solution , but do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer
what docetaxel teva pharma contains - the active substance is d . eucreas . each ml of concentrate contains 27 . 38 mg of the substance dotaxel ( as trihydrate ). each vial of 1 mL concentrate contains 29 . 37 mg / 0 . 9 m . the other ingredients are polysorbate 80 and citric acid , which are used to prepare a solution containing 7 . 7 % ( see section 2 ) in water for injections , and of a whitish - yellow lyophilised starch . what dotach kabi looks like and contents of the pack :  a glass vial with a grey chlorobutyl rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap containing 20 mg  1 . 8 % do
guanfacine belongs to a group of medicines known as an anti - inflammatory medicine . it works by reducing the amount of impulsive , hyperactive or hyperactive attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( aids ) in adults with adhd . the active substance in guanylate bindren is a recombinant human coagulation factor viii ( octocog alfa ) receptor antagonist . this activates the central nervous system responsible for the normal functioning of the brain , enabling the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the stimulant medication that is used to treat adhd symptoms . adhd is the most common complication of adhd in adults . when used as a caregiver , the patient is expected to respond to any activity of the medication during the first 6 hours after the start of the treatment . 
do not take bemrist breezhaler - if you are allergic to guanfacine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). talk to your doctor if this applies to you . warnings and precautions : be aware of the following : - you have high blood pressure . you have heart problems . this medicine should not be used for any reason . some heart problems have already been diagnosed . a small number of people who have fainted during treatment with this medicine have had thoughts or feelings of suicide . they may have withdrawal symptoms after being given this medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice if any of these symptoms get serious or last longer than a few days . increased heart rate , especially at the beginning of treatment , has been seen in some patients receiving this medicine for several years . children and adolescents do not give this
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine should only be prescribed to you by a doctor with experience in the treatment of adolescent behavioural disorders . the recommended total daily dose of intuniv is 40 mg once daily by mouth . your doctor will determine the dose that is right for you depending on your condition and on how you respond to treatment . method of administration swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . it is best to take your tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not chew , crush or break the tablet before swallowing . a small amount of medicine is taken in the morning to help you remember to take it . for adolescents ( aged 12 to 17 years ), the usual starting dose is 20 mg for each kg of bodyweight
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you suddenly feel unwell while you are taking tasmar . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) feeling drowsy feeling dizzy ( hypotension ) slow heart beat ( bradycardia ) 50 feeling faint ( loss of conciousness ) syncope ( withdrawal side effect ) high blood pressure , headaches , feeling confused nervousness , agitation , and tremors ( hypertensive encephalopathy ). other side effects include the following listed below . if any of these side effects become severe , tell a doctor or pharmacist . very common side effects these may affect more than one in 10 people :
what guanfacine hydrochloride contains - the active substance is GUANFacine . each 40 mg film - coated tablet contains 40 mg of GUanfarehydrochloride , equivalent to 44 mg guANfacina . - each 80 mg movie - covered tablet contains 80 mg of Guanfehride . the other ingredients are : hypromellose , methacrylic acid - ethyl acrylate copolymer ( 1 : 1 ), lactose monohydrate , povidone ( e1201 ), crospovidone , microcrystalline cellulose , silica colloidal anhydrous , sodium laurilsulfate , polysorbate 80 , fumaric acid , glycerol distearate , water for injection
