sonidegib bms is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called advanced basal cell carcinoma . it is used if the cancer : cannot be treated with surgery or radiation is not possible . in adults and adolescents ( aged 12 to less than 18 years ), a dose of 20 mg / m2 of body surface area is needed to target specific cells called granulocyte - colony stimulating factors ( g - csfs ), which can be stimulated by a technology called a " hedgehog pathway ".
do not take odomzo : - if you are allergic to sonidegib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , especially if : you are more than 3 months pregnant - this medicine may cause harm or death in the early stages of pregnancy ( see pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility prevention measures ) - you are a woman who could become pregnant during treatment and you are breastfeeding . you must follow all of the necessary measures to prevent your pregnancy while you are on this medicine and your doctor may consider that it is safe for you to father a child . see also section " pregnancy - prevention measures " and " pregnancy prevention ". children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for people aged under 18 years
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 3 tablets three times a day , with or without food . swallow the tablets whole with water . do not crush , chew or dissolve the tablets . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you need to take and how long you should continue to take odomzo . the total duration of treatment should not exceed 6 months . if your doctor decides to stop treatment permanently , the maximum dose you will receive is 6 tablets once daily ( 3 tablets of 40 mg ). take your tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take your medicine . you can take the tablets either with food or between meals . take your tablets at around the same times every day and follow any dietary advice given to you by your doctor 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe birth defects may occur in more than 1 in 100 women , if you are a woman who could become pregnant ( see section 2 , " contraception "). odomzo can cause an allergic reaction which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects may include muscle cramps and muscle pain . the frequency of these effects cannot be estimated from the available data .
what odomzo contains - the active substance is sonidegib ( as phosphate ). each capsule contains 50 mg of sonideginal perforated unit , equivalent to 40 mg / ml . the other ingredients are crospovidone , magnesium stearate , poloxamer 188 , silica , colloidal anhydrous , sodium laurilsulfate , iron oxide red ( e172 ), titanium dioxide ( only e171 ), iron oxide black ( only in colour with shellac and propylene glycol ) see section 2 for important information about some of these ingredients . what rezolsta looks like and contents of the pack the hard capsules have a white opaque body and a light yellow opaque cap . they are imprinted with " sonide gil " on one side and " 
bonviva contains the active substance ibandronic acid . it belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . bone loss is caused by the loss of bone that has been accumulated in the bone mass and has been associated with breaking bones . this is a condition that increases the risk of fractures . many people have fractures of the spine and hip in women who are postmenopausal osteoporosis and have no symptoms at all . fractures are common in women but it can also occur in men and women . early on in women , bone loss occurs due to thinning and weakening of the bones , which is common in men after the menopause . at least one in a woman reaches the menomeg , a naturally occurring bone mass is formed by the bone which is still very strong enough to form a bone . as a result
do not take bonviva - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) as you may have problems with your food pipe / gullet ( oesophagus ) such as narrowing or difficulty swallowing . warnings and precautions a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) is a very rare but very serious side effect that can cause bone damage in the jaw . in that case , you should tell your doctor and dentist immediately , as onj may be considered as osteoporosis . onj can also occur after stopping treatment . it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . before starting treatment , tell the doctor or nurse if : your doctor determines that you have osteo
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : - during breast feeding , see section " pregnancy , breast feeding and postmenopausal women and men ". bonviva is available as either an oral or a liquid form . - when you can take it without food , swallow it whole and do not crush , break or chew the tablet before swallowing . it is important to follow the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much to take your doctor will tell you what to take . taking this medicine - swallow the tablet ( s ) whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or break the tablet , as it may change its colour and / or taste . this medicine is for oral use .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): pain in the chest ( which may be accompanied by nausea and vomiting ) difficulty in swallowing inflammation or sores that form constriction ( very common ) ( uncommon ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty breathing eye pain or inflammation where the injection was given . you may feel pain , weakness or a general feeling of being unwell ( malaise ). you may also experience inflammation or pain at the site of injection or in the eye . this may be due to nerve damage ( called ' lock - up ') or other symptoms
what iasibon contains - the active substance is ibandronic acid . each film - coated tablet contains 50 mg i Bandronic Acid ( as sodium monohydrate ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ), povidone , cellulose microcrystalline ( e460i ), crospovidone ( type a ); stearic acid purified from a silica colloidal anhydrous tablet ; hypromellose , titanium dioxide , macrogol 400 . what aerius looks like and contents of the pack ianrain tablets are white , oval , biconvex , film coated tablets debossed with ' m ' on one side and plain on the other . iii tablets are packed in blisters or in plastic bottles 
ziagen is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and in children weighing at least 25 kg . ziaGEN contains abacavir which is an anti - retroviral medicine , also known as nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ), but it may also be used in adults for reducing the amount of hiv infection in your body . cd4 cells are a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection . the virus is found in many different cells in the blood , but their exact mechanism of action is unknown . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment . as a result of your disease , it will increase the typhoid antibody produced in your blood and keep it at a low level . when zi
do not take ziagen : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to abacavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if there is still a possibility that you might be allergic to any of these ingredients , talk to your doctor . take special care with ziaGEN : trizivir , triumeq or kivexa , to reduce the risk of hypersensitivity reactions , tell your doctor or nurse if this applies to you . if the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to you doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv develop other conditions that can potentially be serious , and can be life - threatening . these are called " rare " side effects . you need to be aware of the extra risks
always take ziagen exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole , with some water . do not chew , break or crush the tablet before swallowing . it is important that you do this medicine every day to stop your illness getting worse . tell your doctor about all the medicines you take , and what you can do to help prevent infections and illnesses linked to hiv infection . how much to take adults , adolescents and children who weigh at least 25 kg the usual dose of azigen for adults is 300 mg ( one tablet of 100 mg ) once a meal . your doctor will prescribe the correct dose for you , depending on your condition . children weighing at least 15 kg and less than 25 kg will usually be able to take the tablets with a carbohydrate
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood and insulin treatment . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of ziagen or other medicines you are taking at the same time , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . even patients who don ' t have the hla - b * 5701 gene may still develop a hypersensitivity reaction ( a serious allergic reaction ), described in this leaflet in the panel headed ' hypersensitivity reactions 
what ziagen contains the active substance is abacavir ( as sulfate ). the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycollate , magnesium stearate , colloidal anhydrous silica . the tablet coating contains triacetin , methylhydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), talc , titanium dioxide , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( only for 100 mg tablets ) and sunset yellow fcf ( 0 . 5 cf - 1 ) on both sides . this medicine is available in pvc / pe / pvdc - aluminium blister packs containing 30 , 60 , 90 , 100 and 200 film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
cresemba is an anti - fungal medicine that contains the active substance isavuconazole . it is used by adults to treat a fungus called coccidioides that have spread to the area where the infection is most likely to occur . your doctor will determine the type of infection that you are having , and will explain the reason why you have been given cresenmba . creSemba may be used in adults for the following different types of fungal infections : invasive aspergillosis ( a type of bacterial species ) or mucormycosis ( another group containing a medicine called amphotericin b ). it is for use in children and adolescents 6 years of age and older .
do not take cresemba : - if you are allergic to isavuconazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have a problem with your heart beat , such as familial short qt syndrome ( fsh ). you are taking any of these medicines as you may need to change your dose . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 12 years of age because there is only limited experience of using this medicine in this age group . other medicines and cresenmba tell your doctor before taking any medicine . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce your chance of developing serious fungal infections . you should not take ritonavir ( medicines for hiv ), rifampicin
cresemba will be given to you by a doctor or nurse in a hospital or clinic as an intravenous infusion ( into a vein ). it is usually given about 30 minutes . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment are needed , and how often you should receive it . if you are given more cresеmba than you should you may experience side effects such as headache , feeling dizzy , restless or sleepy , tingling , reduced sense of touch or sensation in the mouth , hot flushes , anxiety , joint pain , changes in the way things taste , dry mouth . severe diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea and loss of appetite . the doctor will work out the right dose based on your body surface area .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking cresemba and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash , swelling of your lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). the following side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blistering of the skin , around the mouth - eyes , and genitals . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may effect more than 1 in 10 people - low potassium in the blood - decreased number of white blood cells - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - abdominal pain , indigestion , flatulence - headache 
what cresemba contains - the active substance is isavuconazole . each vial contains 100 mg of isavonazonium sulfate , equivalent to 1 . 2 mg per ml of concentrate . when reconstituted with 5 . 9 % w / w ( 0 . 25 %) of the original formulation , the final concentration of the solution should be between 7 . 7 mg and 14 . 0 mg / isml . the other ingredients are mannitol , sulfuric acid and water for injections . see section 2 for further information about this medicine . what cresent consists of : the powder for concentrate for solution for infusion is a white to off - white powder or cake . it is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and an aluminium seal with
temozolomide teva is an antiepileptic medicine containing a rare form of medicine known as an ' anti - cancer medicine '. temozalomide has been given to you to treat specific forms of brain tumours : in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . this medicine can be combined with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) or without treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients who have a type of malignant gma , such as glionomye or anaplastic astrocytoma ( a form of a dna technique ). memzelle is used in these tumours when other available treatments have not worked or have stopped working . talk to your doctor about which treatment is best for you .
do not take temozolomide teva - if you are allergic to temozalomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . there is a small chance that you may experience an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if this happens , you may be given medicine to help prevent your blood cells ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and whether you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking temozalomide to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma when they are undergoing radiotherapy , you will be given one or two doses of this medicine . the first dose is 50 mg / m2 of body surface area ( this is the type of white blood cell that is used to treat disease ). you will take this dose every day for 42
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), uncontrolled bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills severe headache that does not go away . temozolomide teva treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising or bleeding and anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells with a fever ), and reduced resistance to infections . the reduction in blood cell counts is usually short - lived . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some patients , it may be necessary to reduce the dose .
what temozolomide teva contains - the active substance is temozalomide 1 . 5 mg . each capsule contains 1 mg , 3 mg or 4 mg temazolomide in a blister of 10 . ml , corresponding to 10 mg / 100 mg TEMozolomides . the exact formulation is provided in the package leaflet for each of the medicinal products to be taken orally , at the end of each presentation . one capsule contains 5 mg of temolomide ( 20 mg ) per capsule , that is to say essentially ' suicidal - free '. - each capsule is approximately 12 . 7 mg - marked with the code ' cjs ', and the company logo ( ) on the cap of the capsule . this medicine is available in blister packs of 14 , 28 , 56
tegsedi contains the active substance efmoroctocog alfa , a type of antibiotic . it is used to treat tuberculosis that affects the lung , in adults and children 3 years of age and older . in this situation , it is always used in combination with other antibiotics to kill the bacteria causing the disease . your doctor will discuss with you the best combination of antibiotics for you and discuss with your doctor the benefits and risks of your treatment .
do not take deltyba : - if you are allergic to carbamazepine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking any medicine that may affect your heart ( ecg , electrocardiogram or heart tracing ). before taking this medicine , your doctor will take a blood test ( to check how well your heart is working ) to check the levels of some medicines that affect the heart , such as albumin , potassium , magnesium , calcium . if your heart problems or problems with your heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), heart attack ( myocardial infarction ), or congenital long qt syndrome ( a condition where your heart cannot pump blood through the lungs ) or be given medicines that can cause shortness of
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule of 30 mg taken orally once daily . take the capsule always with food , preferably at the same time each day . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not crush , open or chew the capsule , to avoid unintended exposure to the capsule contents . deltyba can be taken with or without food ; however , you should try to take your daily dose at about the same times each day as this will help you remember to take it . you should continue to take  deltaba until your doctor tells you otherwise . this is a long - term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect , and may change
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - side effects where the frequency is not known are : - sensations of irregular or forceful beating of the heart , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , headache - tingling , burning , pricking sensation , or numbness of the skin ( paresthesia ), shaking ( tremor ), decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - muscle spasm , muscle ache , pain in joints , muscles , bones or joints ( guillain - barré syndrome ), muscle pain . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people 
what deltyba contains the active substance is delamanid . the other ingredients are : tablet core : hypromellose phthalate , povidone , rac -  - tocopherol , microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycolate , carmellose calcium , colloidal hydrated silica , magnesium stearate . film - coating : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of these ingredients '), talc . tablet coat : pregelatinised starch , macade aluminium , titanium dioxide , iron oxide red ( e172 ). what the tablet looks like and contents of the pack the tablets are round , white to off - white , film coated tablets debossed with ' d ' on one side
do not use xoterna breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or glycopyrronium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of these apply to you . if your asthma is not being controlled , tell your doctor right away . this is important as you may need urgent medical treatment . don ' t use this medicine for any other reason , including medical reasons why this medicine has not been tested in patients with asthma . before you use this product you will be tested to check whether the medicine is working properly and whether you have heart problems , seizure or fits . thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ) diabetes . your doctor may want to test your lung disease before you start using this product
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to the full dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this product at any time of the day , with or without food . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can find the inhaler at the same time each day and use it for as long as you need to . it is important that you only use the medicine as described in this leaflet and in this way , you can show the doctor the pack . the instructions for use are at the end
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , urticaria and skin rash . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . feeling tired or very thirsty , having an increased appetite without gaining weight and passing more urine than usual . high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ). chest pain or pressure . this may be due to an infusion reaction ( see section 2 ). other side effects have occurred with refludane . if they occur , they are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days . increased appetite , increasing weight , passing
what xoterna breezhaler contains - the active substances are indacaterol ( as maleate ) and glycopyrronium bromide . each capsule contains 143 micrograms of indocaterol maleate equivalent to 110 microgram in 161 . 5 microlitres and an inhaler containing 54 microgram ( equivalent to 47 microgram ) of indracaterol and 63 microgram( equivalent to 49 microgram of ing ). the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate and magnesium stearate ( see section 2 under ' xyrem contains lactoses '). what xxyrek looks like and contents of the pack xonic 43 microgram capsules have a blue cap and a white body with a semi - transparent yellow mouthpiece cover . they have the product code " igp110 
leflunomide ratiopharm belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - rheumatic medicines '. it contains the active substance leflumovide which is used to treat adult patients with : moderate to severe active rifatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of rasoarthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anemia ( lack of red blood cells ), which are symptoms of acute lack of a type of white blood cell called eosinophilic syndrome ( nsris ). risso works by inhibiting the production of an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase in the body . this results in an improvement in the symptoms of the disease . le
do not take repso - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to leflunomide ( especially a serious skin reaction , often accompanied by fever , joint pain , red skin stains , or blisters e . g . stabbing stevens- johnson syndrome ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking reviseo : if your doctor thinks you may be having an allergy or are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . take special care with revisio if : you have any liver problems , including kidney problems you have very low numbers of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), which may affect your immune system , your bone marrow may produce abnormal white blood
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of leflunomide ratiopharm is one 100 mg tablet once daily for the first three days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 10 to 20 mg , once daily , depending on the severity of the disease . for psoriatic arthritis , the usual dose is 10 mg once daily and you will usually receive a lower dose of 1 . 5 mg . to benefit from your medicine , take it at the same time every day . swallow the tablet whole with plenty of water . it may take about 4 weeks or longer until you start to feel an improvement in your condition . some patients may even still feel further improvements after 4 to 6 months of therapy . you will normally take
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking leflunomide medac : - if you experience weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , e . g . skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , which may be sign of stevens- johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis / erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms , immediately after seeing your doctor . you should seek immediate medical attention : pale skin or skin eruptions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), signs and symptoms of sepsis ( dress ) or anaphylactic reactions ( see section
what leflunomide ratiopharm contains - the active substance is leflumide . one film - coated tablet contains 10 mg of le flunomide  the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , low - substituted hydroxypropyl cellulose , tartaric acid , sodium laurylsulfate and magnesium stearate in the tablet core as well as lecithin ( soybeans ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ) and xanthan gum in the film forming process . see section 2 , leflunumide ratioppharm contains lactin and sodium . the following pack sizes are available : packs containing 30 , 60 or 100 tablets and multipacks comprising 3 packs , each containing 40 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
increlex contains the active substance mecasermin . it is a medicine used for the treatment of high - risk adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) with a range of ages .
increlex should not be used if you have : - a medical condition that is currently causing a tumour . this is because the growth of a particular type of tumour is likely to be cancerous . - non - cancerous as this medicine may increase the risk of developing cancer in the past . your doctor will evaluate your cancer before deciding whether you can be given mecasermin , benzyl alcohol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - any other tumours , including tumours that have been born , are likely to grow more than 1 % of your body surface area ( this is called a ' tumour '). if your cancer is still growing , your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine if : you are suffering
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . increlex is given by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). the medicine should be injected at least 30 minutes before a meal . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor may tell you to use the 50 micrograms dose , or change the dose of insulin you are given at the same time each day , if this does not help to minimise hypoglycaemic effects . if your blood sugar levels are too low , your doctor will tell you how to reduce your dose over a few days . use in children this medicine should not be used in children under the age of 6 years . other formulations of this medicine may be available for use in such a formulation containing mecasermin .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects listed below were seen when increlex was used in combination with mecasermin : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): low blood sugar ( hypoglycemia ) vomiting injection site reactions headache and middle ear infections allergic reactions reporting of side effects when mecaermin was used , you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . cancerous and non - cancerous tumours have been reported , but not everyone gets them at the same place . your doctor will discuss the potential risks and benefits
what neoclarityn contains - the active substance is mecasermin . each ml contains 10 mg of mecasersmin ( 10 micrograms in 0 . 5 mL ). each 5 microgram pre - filled syringe contains 20 microgram ( 10 milligrams ) of benzyl alcohol in 1 . 4 mll solution . -the other ingredients are sodium chloride , polysorbate 20 , glacial acetic acid , sodium acetate , water for injections . what tegsedi looks like and contents of the pack the solution for injection is clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow and practically free from visible particles . the solution is clear and colourless . pack sizes : 1 or 5 single use vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed
xydalba contains the active substance dalbevancin , which is an antibiotic of the glycopeptide group . this belongs to a group of medicines called " nitrosourea - adrenoreceptor blockers ". this medicine is used to treat adults and children aged from 2 years with infections of the skin . it is used when the bacteria that cause these infections are known or suspected to be caused by bacteria called ' bacterial cell walls '. it works by blocking the action of bacterial cells which stops the infection from growing . you must use other antibiotics while you are receiving treatment with xdalaba .
do not take xydalba - if you are allergic to dalbevancin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking this medicine if : - you suffer from kidney problems ( your doctor will be able to determine if this medicine is suitable for you ) - your diarrhoea is not well controlled with antibiotics ( e . g . vancomycin , teicoplanin ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . take special care with the medicine - this medicine may cause diarrehoa before and during your treatment . your doctor may ask you to stop taking the medicine at a lower dose ( such as antibiotics ) which can cause flushing
xydalba will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . your doctor will calculate the dose according to your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . the recommended dose for adults and children aged 6 years and above is 1 . 2 mg / kg given every 12 hours as a drip into a vein . if you have kidney problems , your doctor may reduce your dose , which will be adapted based on your disease . adults and adolescents ( aged 6 to 17 years ) the usual dose for children aged 7 to  18 years is 0 . 5 mg xdalbec per kg body weight . children aged less than 6 years of age weighing less than 20 kg and patients with kidney problems may be more likely to be treated
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue ; rash or itchiness of the throat or throat tightening ; drop in blood pressure causing difficulty in swallowing and difficulty in breathing . this is a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) condition called hypersensitivity reaction . the most common side effect is abdominal pain with or without stomach ache or watery diarrhoea . these may be signs of an infection of the bowel . other side effects include : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in10 people : itching , rash , and itching of the skin . uncommon side effects that may show up
what xydalba contains - the active substance is dALbavancin hydrochloride . each vial of powder contains 25 mg / 0 . 5 ml about a 20 - minute time interval . the dose may be increased or decreased by up to 40 mg over a 30 minute period . - in the powder : the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), lactose monohydrate , water for injections in addition to hydrochuric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). what ydlba looks like and contents of the pack the powder for solution for injection is a white to off - white powder supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and flip - off cap . one vial contains 50 mg of d
arava belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance leflunomide . arava is used to treat adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of rhytropathies include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anaemia ( lack of red blood cells ). symptoms of moderate to severe active nepexto is the lack of a type of white blood cell called e . g . parp ( short for red blood cell ) and parp organs are called lymphocytes . the symptoms of anaphylaxis are inflammation of the joints with swelling and swelling .
you should not be given arava : if you have ever had an allergic reaction to leflunomide ( especially a serious skin reaction , often accompanied by fever , joint pain , red skin stains , or blisters e . g . Stevens - johnson syndrome ), peanut or soya or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or if your doctor has told you that you are suffering from multiple sclerosis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving arava as you should be observed closely for the development of any new or worsening liver problems , kidney problems and low numbers of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), which may affect the immune system ( immunoglobulins ) which are important for protecting the body against infections and infections . in addition , ar
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of arava is 100 mg once daily for the first three days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 50 mg or 100 mg arava once daily , depending on the severity of the disease . your doctor may increase your dose to 200 mg if your disease does not improve . for psoriatic arthritis , the usual dose is 25 mg twice daily . you will normally take arava over long periods of time . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . it may take about 4 weeks or longer until your condition is well controlled . if it persists for more than 4 weeks , your doctor will decide whether to stop arava treatment or to stop treatment permanently . do not
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking arava : - if you experience weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , e . g . skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , which may be marked with " stevens- johnson syndrome ", toxic epidermal necrolysis / erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 , " warnings and precautions ", and " you should contact your doctor or hospital immediately - pale skin , browning of the skin or eyes and / or urine ( signs of severe allergic reactions ). other side effects may include 
what arava contains - the active substance is leflunomide . one film - coated tablet contains 10 mg of the active substances . the other ingredients are : maize starch , povidone ( e1201 ), crospovidone type a , silica colloidal anhydrous , magnesium stearate , lactose monohydrate , hypromellose , titanium dioxide , macrogol 8000 , all in the tablet core ; carnauba wax , indigo carmine aluminium lake . see section 2 for important information about some of the ingredients of arava . what the arava tablets looks like and contents of the pack arava 10 mg tablets are white oval , biconvex , film coated tablet , with " 10 " debossed on one side and " nvr " on the other
odefsey is a medicine containing nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children 3 years of age and older . the virus that causes hiv infection is called codename sf9 . hiv infecting people with hiv is caused by a virus called hla - b * 5701 . by controlling hiv with the help of an antiretroviral therapy , nyvepria reduces their ability to fight infections , and keeps them at a low level . this helps maintain a healthy immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduces the risk of developing infections . if you also have weakened immunity due to previous preventive treatment ,
do not take zerit if : you are allergic to stavudine , didanosine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are taking medicines to treat hiv infection ( aids ). see section ' which medicines are suitable for you '. if you think any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . zerity is not recommended in patients over 65 years of age . kidney disease . liver disease including hepatitis and peripheral neuropathy ( pnoea ). symptoms may include numbness , tingling , or pain in the feet and hands . these may be signs of pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreatic system ). it is a fatal condition that can lead to lactic acido
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet once a day . your doctor will decide your dose of zerit depending on your weight and the type of food that you eat . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush , chew or break the tablet before swallowing . it is best to take your tablet at the same time every day ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this will help to keep you on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor . if necessary , your doctor may also prescribe a medicine to help you take your medicine . you may take it with or without food . take the medicine pack with you so that it is clear and opalescent , and to reduce the amount of sugar in your blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by zerit or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time or by the complications of the infection . it is very important to tell your doctor about any change in your health during hiv therapy and during treatment , to help you remember to take it . weight and increased levels of blood lipids and glucose . as with any medicines used to treat hiv , there may be a risk of unwanted effects with stavudine : if you lose fat from your legs , arms and face ( lipoatrophy ), there may also be loss of body fat from the body which has been lost by treatment and some patients have had signs that suggest a loss of fat from their diet , a change in
what zerit contains the active substance is stavudine . the other ingredients are magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycolate , gelatine , iron oxide colorant and silicon dioxide . sodium laurilsulphate , titanium dioxide colorant , propylene glycol , purified water , potassium hydroxide , and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) ( for ph adjustment ). see section 2 " zerity contains lactose " for more information ). what rozlytrek looks like and contents of the pack zerlit 200 mg film - coated tablets are pink , oval , biconvex , with " nvr " on one side and " tmc " on the other side . they are provided in bottles with child resistant closures containing 30 or 90 tablets .
irbesartan teva belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . it works by blocking the activity of factor xa , a substance which is involved in the normal blood flow of blood vessels . this causes an increase in blood pressure , which in turn results in a lowering of kidney function in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes . i rbeSartan accord is used in adult patients to treat high blood ( essential hypertension ) to protect the kidney in patients who have high blood volume , type 2 diabetic patients and laboratory evidence of impaired kidney function .
do not take irbesartan teva pharma - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to irisbesARTan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor before you start to take this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before starting treatment with this medicine and if any of these apply to you before you begin treatment . if your doctor decides that you must stop treatment and you will be monitored carefully for the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy ( see section 3 , ' pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ') if the child you are caring for is a child and your doctor will decide whether you should stop the treatment and will monitor your pregnancy . children and adolescents this medicinal product should not be given to children under 18 years of age .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration irbesartan teva is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). you can take icing for at least 30 minutes before or after meals . the maximal blood pressure lowering effect should be reached 4 - 6 hours after the first dose . patients with high blood pressure the usual dose is 150 mg once a day ( two tablets of 150 mg ). the dose may later be increased to 300 mg ( four tablets of 75 mg ) once daily depending on blood pressure response . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet once daily . user in adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 30 kg or more : - dose in the range
like all medicines , irbesartan teva can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash ), urticaria , as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported . if you experience any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking ibbesantan and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people uncommon : might affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with iirbedartan were : - high blood pressure - type 2 diabetes - low blood pressure when switching from sitting or lying to standing position - cough 
what irbesartan boehringer ingelheim contains - the active substance is ibbesArtan . each tablet of iebs 75 mg contains 75 mg imbes artan ; the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , colloidal hydrated silica , pregelatinised maize starch , and poloxamer 188 . please see section 2 " iibs contains lactosent ". what advate looks like and contents of the pack iadveo 75 mg tablets are white to off - white , biconvex and oval - shaped with a heart debossed on one side and the number 2771 engraved on the other side . idve
optison contains the active substance optaflu , which is an ultrasound contrast agent . this medicine helps to obtain clearer pictures ( scan ) of the heart ' s ventricle during an echocardiography ( a diagnostic test ). this diagnostic test gives a doctor a clearer view of the inner heart during and after the examination . Optison is used for the diagnosis of coronary artery disease in adults . it is used in patients who have obstruction of the blood vessels supplying the heart muscle . the doctor can obtain the help of an image ( non - contrast echocardiography ) while it is being performed with other medicines .
you should not be given evicel if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if there is anything you do not understand , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have had an allergic reaction in the past when you were given the injection . you are due to have an ultrasound examination to check the function of your heart ( a heart shunt ). you have been born with certain heart or lung diseases . if your heart is not working properly you have any signs of inflammation ( sepsis ) or a hyperactive coagulation system ( egfr ) to your blood clotting tissues , such as recurrent thromboembolism ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely
a doctor experienced in the use of ultrasound examination will supervise your treatment . it will be injected into a vein , by using a special venipuncture tube . the injection will take about 2 hours . you will be given one infusion of 0 . 5 ml solution for injection , followed immediately by an infusion using an eflow system ( a medical device that delivers an ultrasound examination ). this medicine is given in a hospital or clinic only . your doctor will calculate the dose you need based on your body surface area ( e . g . due to sodium chloride solution , glucose ) and water for injections to allow the medicine to be diluted and further diluted before it is given . how much and how often you will receive your injections if you need an echocardiography machine , it is very important that you have also been given this medicine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for allergic type reactions , including swelling of the face , have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you get any of these symptoms , you should stop taking the medicine and contact your doctor immediately . your doctor should tell you how to manage these symptoms before starting the treatment . rare severe allergic types ( anaphylactic shock and convulsions ) can occur ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). the risk of allergic reactions is rare . heart or breathing problems including cardiac arrest and post - marketing should be considered . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) headache flushing . common side effects of treatment - dizzi
what aflunov contains - the active substance is perflutren . each ml of the oral solution contains 2 - ( nominally ) 3 - dipalmitoyl  sn - glycero - 4 -phosphatidylcholine equivalent to 2 . 2 g per flutren per dose , corresponding to 0 . 62 mg / dose . the other ingredients are : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 7 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 60 , 100 , 130 , 150 , 250 , 300 , 500 , 2000 or 3000 iu tablets : poly ( vinyl alcohol ), distearoyl alcohol , monosodium salt ( dppa ) solvent : 5
trisenox is used for the treatment of patients with newly diagnosed low - to - intermediate risk acute promyelocytic leukaemia ( apl ), and for adults , whose disease has not responded to other therapies . - acute myeloid leukemia ( all ) - a disease in which abnormal white blood cells and abnormal bleeding and bruising occur .
do not use trisenox - if you are allergic to arsenic trioxide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have impaired kidney function you have liver problems you have any tests that show low levels of potassium , magnesium , calcium or creatinine in your blood you are taking other medicines if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . before you start treatment with this medicine you will have an electrical recording of the heart ( electrocardiogram ecg ). your doctor will take blood tests to check the amount of potassium and calcium in the blood . the information in this leaflet is included at the end of the package leaflet . you can also report any activity via the national reporting system listed in appendix v .
your treatment with trisenox will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of patients with newly diagnosed acute promyelocytic leukaemia . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor may change the dose or interrupt the treatment for a short time or permanently , depending on how you respond to treatment . if your disease responds to the treatment then the infusion may be continued until your doctor determines that your disease is better . you may need to continue treatment for up to 6 months after completion of the treatment , although your doctor will monitor your progress and may change your dose , sometimes even if the disease is improving . in some cases , it may be necessary to give you additional treatment once every day up to 8 weeks in the same way . when you receive t
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): differentiation syndrome : difficulty in breathing coughing chest pain fever ( 38 . 5 cm / min ) common side effects: severe allergic reaction . difficulty in breathe fever , sudden weight gain , water retention , fainting palpitations ( strong heartbeat you can feel in your chest ) during or shortly after your treatment with trisenox , you may feel very fatigue ( weariness ), pain , fever and headache . uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people : fatigue , weariness and pain at the site of infusion . fever is a common complication that may occur during or soon after in
what trisenox contains - the active substance is arsenic trioxide . each ml of concentrate contains 1 mg of the active ingredient . one vial contains 10 mg of arsenseic trioxyde . after reconstitution , 1 mL of the concentrate contains 2 . 7 mg of ' arSenic trooxide'. - other ingredients are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 , ' important information about sodium '. what aybintio looks like and contents of the pack alyntis concentrate for solution for infusion ( sterile concentrate ) is a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution . it is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium seal containing 10 m
lemtrada contains the active substance alemtuzumab , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help fight off relapses of disability ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age with relapsing form of multiple sclerosis ( ms ), to help prevent disability by : reducing the need for co - administration of beta - interferon injected , when other therapies have not worked or are not suitable for you . what is lemrrada used for lemtrerada is used to treat adults with m , an autoimmune disease that affects the central nervous system ( such as the brain and spinal cord ) and in children and adolescents with a weak immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). this medicine works by blocking a
do not use lemtrada if : you are allergic to alemtuzumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are infected with the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection , as you may be at greater risk of developing an autoimmune disease ( ms ). your doctor will evaluate how you respond to treatment if your disease is relevant to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine if you : have an inherited condition known as multiple sclerosis , high blood pressure , tears in blood vessels that carry blood from the brain ( which can lead sometimes to stroke , heart attack , or chest pain ) you have or have had a bleeding disorder ( autoimmune conditions ). tell your doctor before you use the medicines you are taking . lem
you will receive lemtrada under the supervision of a doctor experienced in giving anticancer medicines . dose the recommended dose is 5 mg / kg body weight given as an infusion , followed by 5 days onwards . infusion 2 - day treatment 3 days one year later : start of treatment with lemrrada and start of lemthrada at the same dose and frequency as before . the first infusion will be given to you by your doctor . you will be observed by a healthcare professional while it is being given and for at least 3 days after the start of the infusion and for 3 days following the end of your infusion your doctor will decide exactly how many treatments you will need based on how you respond to treatment . when lemmtrado is given as a drip ( infusion into a vein ). the drip will take approximately 4 hours . if you notice any side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) autoimmune conditions ( e . g . haemophilia ) bleeding disorder ( common : may affect up to 1 in10 people ). symptoms may include bruising , nose bleeds , painful , swollen joints , bleeding more easily or less frequently than usual bleeding ( itp ) or other bleeding disorders ( uncommon ): o red , pink or purple spots on your skin o nodding . unexpected bruisation or bleeding longer than normal between menstrual periods than normal . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . you may notice a difference in your symptoms , so you should contact your doctor as soon as possible 
what lemtrada contains the active substance is alemtuzumab . one ml contains 10 mg of alemmtuza . the other ingredients are d , disodium phosphate dihydrate , dosing ( 0 . 9 % w / v ) disonedium edetate potassium chloride , potassium dihydrogen phosphore , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride and water for injections . what the contents of the pack the concentrate for solution for infusion ( sterile concentrate ) is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . pack sizes of 1 , 10 or 25 vials of 1 vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
accofil contains the active substance filgrastim , which belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to the natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]), which is produced by your own body . grasustek works by stimulating your bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells . a reduction in the number of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) can occur . your doctor will try to prevent this , by stopping your body rejecting the transplanted cells ; this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce your risk of hiv infection - peripheral blood stem cell mobilisation , to increase the likelihood of a successful stem cells being produced at the hospital by generating stimulate stem cells 
do not use accofil - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using accofill . please tell your doctor before starting treatment if : - you have sickle cell anaemia , as this medicine has not been studied in this age group . - your child should be tested for this disease before starting the treatment and during the course of treatment , if there is still a risk of getting sickle - cell crisis - osteoporosis ( bone disease ). get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your left shoulder . these may be symptoms of an enlarge spleen ( a condition known as a ' s
accofil will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of neutropenia ( low number of a type of white blood cells ) associated with chemotherapy . the usual dose is 0 . 5 million units ( 5 micrograms ) per kilogram of bodyweight each day . if you weigh 50 kg or more , your doctor may decide to give you 300 mg of acco fil by infusion . it is usually given for a short period of time . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to take accofile . this is because you will be given the medicine at least 14 days after your chemotherapy and at least 28 days after receiving bone marrow transplantation . you will normally receive your first dose of 30 mg / kg , followed by an infusion at the end of each chemotherapy cycle . after that , you will receive 400 mg 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately during treatment if you experience an allergic reaction including weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), skin rash , itchy rash ( urticaria ), swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ). hypersensitivity ( e . g . in patients with severe hypersensitivity ) to the medicine ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if your child experiences one of these symptoms , stop taking volibris and seek medical help immediately . the most frequently reported side effects are described below . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : - loss
what enhertu contains - the active substance is filgrastim . each pre - filled syringe contains 60 million international units [ miu ] ( 600 microgram ) of filgra stim in 0 . 5 ml solution .  the other ingredients are acetic acid , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 80 , water for injections . see section 2 " entrystee is provided with takhzyro contains ethanol and sodium ". what eucrea looks like and contents of the pack - aerius is a clear , colourless solution for injection or infusion in a single use clear glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and a plastic flip - off cap , in case of spillage 
perjeta contains the active substance pertuzumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies ( mabs ). it is used to treat adults with certain types of breast cancer : - advanced breast cancer that is advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( e . g . in the lungs or liver ) and adult patients who have not received anticancer medicines ( chemotherapy ) or who have had cancer in the breast . this is called secondary cancer that has spread elsewhere in the body and needs urgent surgery ( including surgery ( neoadjuvant therapy ) to treat adult patients with cancer whose disease has not responded to treatment or is not resistant to surgery ( metastatic ). as part of your treatment , you will also be given other medicines ( sedatives ) in addition to these other medicines as well as perjeo .
do not use perjeta - if you are allergic to pertuzumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using perjea . before starting treatment your doctor will test your heart function and will decide if it is right for you to start treatment with perjet . it is important that you have this checked ' s got ready to be given the medicine if there is anything you do not understand . if your doctor thinks that you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warning about the risks and benefits of using perJea , your doctor should take into account the following risks : - heart problems such as heart failure , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , recent heart attack , or an increase in heart function . your doctor may need to adjust
perjeta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse in a hospital or clinic as an infusion into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 15 minutes . infusions may be given before surgery ( neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy ) at a dose of 75 micrograms every 2 weeks . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if your cancer treatments do not work well enough , your doctor may decide to delay your treatment . trastuzumab andchemotherapy : the first dose is given 30 minutes before each infusion of perjejeje . this is followed by an additional dose of 375 microgram per kilogram ( kg ) per kilogram of body weight each time . you will receive your infusion every 3 weeks , either every 4 weeks or as long as your doctor thinks it is necessary .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea low number of white blood cells ( shown in a blood test ) fever or infection feeling sick ( nausea ) ( fever , chills ) feeling tired headache loss of appetite joint and muscle pains hot flushes allergic and anaphylactic ( allergic ) reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) reaction ( e . g . swelling in the face or throat , itching , hives ) abnormal blood test results ( very common ) decrease in the number of red blood cells , which may be a sign
what perjeta contains - the active substance is pertuzumab . each vial contains 300 mg of pegvaliase . after reconstitution , one ml of concentrate contains 2 mg of pertutionzumabe . - other ingredients are glacial acetic acid , l - histidine , sucrose , polysorbate 20 and water for injections . what perjeda looks like and contents of the pack perjea is a white to off - white lyophilised powder . it is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and flip - off cap . the powder is available in packs containing 1 vial .
gonal - f contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - gonadotropins '. lutropinalfa is a luteinising hormone ( fsh ) which is produced naturally in the body by the ovaries . it is used in pregnant women , including 18 years of age and older , who suffer from low levels of minerals in their blood ( cholera ). glybera is used to treat conditions caused by deficiency of certain hormones in the blood in women undergoing assisted reproductive technologies ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as controlled reproductive technologies .
you and your partner ' s fertility should be evaluated before the treatment is started by a doctor experienced in treating fertility problems . do not use saccharomyces cerevisiae - if you have or have had a brain tumour of the hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are structures in the ovaries ) of unknown origin . - when your follicles develop too much fluid ( ovarian cysts ) in your womb , you should stop treatment and consult your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you start treatment if any of the following apply to you : - have any unexplained vaginal bleeding . this may indicate that you have cancer of the gullet ( oestrogen ) or breasts . your doctor will discuss this with you . other medicines and rekov
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 micrograms given once daily by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). this medicine should be injected at least 30 minutes before any meal of the day . to reduce skin irritation , the injection must be given at least 2 hours after the last injection of a medicine called follitropin alfa . pergoveris injection should not be used more than once daily . if a higher dose is needed , your doctor may decide that you should receive a lower dose . for example , a 20 - microgram dose ( 2 . 5 microgram ) once daily should be used . your doctor will tell you how much medicine you will take , when to increase or decrease the dose ( 1 ml ). the usual dose of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): allergic reactions if you have any of the following early symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , hives , swelling of the face with difficulty breathing can be signs of a possible side effect . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) tell your doctor right away if your abdominal pain , nausea or vomiting occurs during or shortly after the infusion . in some cases , your ovaries may develop large sacs of fluid , called ' cysts '. these can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . this may indicate that you are developing 
what gonal - f contains - the active substance is follitropin alfa . one vial of powder for injection contains 45 iu ( international units ). - there are four excipients : - each ml of solution contains 45 micrograms ( equivalent to 3 . 5 microgram ) of lutropinalfa in 0 . 6 mL solution . each vial contains 78 io ( international unit ) fsh and 1 . 3 microgram in lh and 2 . 0 million ius . after reconstitution , each millilitre of solution is added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal . the other ingredients are sucrose , disodium phosphate dihydrate ( e331 ), sodium dihydrogen phosphore monohydrate
gonal - f contains the active substance follitropin beta , which belongs to a group of medicines called cyclin - dependent kinase ( cgrp ). fsh is found in large amounts on the surface of ovaries where it stimulates the rotavirus to grow and develop . when the virus is growing out of control , the cells become ovulated and begin growing . in men , fls is found to have small round sacs of hormones called infertility . it is used together with another medicine called clomifene citrate which is used for ovulation ( in vitro fertilisation ) in women undergoing assisted reproductive technologies ( ivf ) to increase the hormone levels in the blood .
do not use rekovelle if you are allergic to follitropin beta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have a tumour of ovaries , ovary , breast or uterus ( testis ), or other organs in your brain ( including the pituitary gland or hypothalamus ) you have irregular vaginal bleeding you have been told that you have primary ovarian failure or have had a history of these ohss . you are at a higher risk of developing ovulation after having sex . this medicine may cause a change in the size of your ovaries . tell your doctor before you start to use gonal - f . your doctor will evaluate
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will calculate your dose of chorionic gonadotrophin ( hcg ) according to your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml injected twice a month for up to 4 months . if your doctor recommends that you undergo ultrasound scanning , he or she will decide the correct dose based on the evaluation of the efficacy of puregon treatment , and / or the recommendation of your doctor . use in children and adolescents hemangiolol is injected into the muscle ( preferably the buttock , upper leg or upper arm ). the injections should be given in the evening , at about the same time each
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): hyperstimulation of the ovaries or the fertility centres in the treatment area may be increased by the use of rekovelle contraceptive system ( ohss ). this medicine may cause a reduction in the number of ovarian hormones produced during the treatment and may result in a decrease in sperm counts or in the production of hormones in the blood . in some cases , ultrasound scans may be performed while the treatment is being performed . monitoring of blood hormone levels may be needed . pain in the stomach ( feeling sick ) and diarrhoea . this may be due to a enlargement of  the fvaries , accumulation of fluid in the
what gonal - f contains the active substances are follitropin beta and puregon . one ml of solution contains 2 . 5 micrograms fltropin Beta ( as aqueous solution ). one vial of 1 . 3 mL of puregon contains 3 . 7 microgram ( equivalent to 4 . 0 microgram ) flortropin beta in the 0 . 25 mll solution for injection . the other ingredient is a sterile , clear , colourless solution . 4 - the other ingredients are : puregon 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 60 microgram and 100 microgram puregon 3 - 9 , 000 iu /
prasugrel teva contains the active substance rioctocog alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called antithrombins . platelets are very small cells in the blood which stick together during blood clotting . when a blood vessel is damaged , for example if it is cut , platelets clump together and blood is lost . thrombus is the liquid that causes bleeding . usually clots form within a hardened blood vessel such as an artery , and can be very dangerous as they can cut off the blood supply completely . this can lead to : a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ), stroke , or death ; blots in arteries of the heart ; unstable angina ( a severe form of chest pain ); blood clumped together to form 
