incivo tablets contain the active substance ribavirin . ribavirin belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines . ribavirin is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . it is used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of hepatitis b infection in adults , adolescents and children of any years of hcv infection with the hepatitis c virus . peginterferon disoproxil zentiva is also used in adults who have not previously been treated for chronic hepatitis c infection . your doctor will also recommend the best medicines for the treatment of this infection . chronic hepatitis b is a chronic infection of the hepatitis b virus . it is used in combination with ribavirin in children hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c . who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c infection in adults who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c infection . previously untreated patients : the combination of ribavirin biopartners with ribavirin is used to treat chronic hepatitis b , an viral infection of the hepatitis b . it is used in combination with ribavirin in children hepatitis_c_infection years of age and older who have previously untreated chronic hepatitis c .
zinbryta ( ms ) is a long - term medicine that helps protect you from relapsing - remitting ms . what demyelination is used for demyelination is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . ms is a long term disease that affects the central nervous system ( nerves ), including the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the brain and spinal cord . this limits nerve damage caused by ms . relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis : people with relapsing - remitting ms have relapsing symptoms of ms symptoms has been shown to slow down the progression of the disease activity activity .
wilzin contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called " liver medicines ". it contains the active substance wilson's_disease . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines . it is used to treat liver_damage in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines ( used to treat liver_damage ) in adults . it belongs to a group of medicines called liver medicines ( used to treat liver_damage ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ). it can be used in people whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated resonance imaging ) in adult patients ( over liver_damage years of age ). it can be used in patients whose liver is damaged but still functions properly ( compensated liver disease ) and in people whose liver is damaged and does not function properly ( decompensated liver disease ). in people with hepatitis b , the liver does not work properly to remain harder to the liver and this can lead to problems with breathing problems .
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat infection with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection , a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( hiv - 1 ). it is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above who 1 at least infection ( for example , hiv infection ). hiv is the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). dutrebis is used in combination with hiv and children 1 to 1 years of age and older , and adolescents 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you to treat hiv infection . hiv is the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( aids ). it is normally used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat children and adolescents aged 1 to 1 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat your child ,
novonorm contains the active substance repaglinide which helps to lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . repaglinide krka is used to control type 2 diabetes in adults as type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is also called non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes is also a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
pumarix is a vaccine to prevent flu ( flu ). pandemic flu is a type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemic flu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . how adjupanrix works when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine is not used to prevent flu in adults , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) to prevent flu caused by the h5n1 type of the virus . the vaccine targets four strains of influenza virus following the recommendations by the world health organisation .
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains the active substance tumours ( also known as tumours ) and belongs to a group of medicines called radiation . these medicines contain a small amount of radioactivity . this medicine is used to identify an special condition called tumours . it is for use in adult patients who have been exposed to a small amount of radioactivity causing a radiopharmaceutical known as a radiopharmaceutical . these medicines will be given to you that have been exposed to a small amount of radioactivity . this medicine is used in adult men to treat a condition called tumours . it is used in combination with other medicines ( a medicines used to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in combination with other medicines ( a medicines used to treat : - small cell body_areas ( tumours ) in adult patients with a condition called tumours . it is also used in adult women who have been exposed to a small amount of radioactivity causing a radiopharmaceutical scan . the use of the medicine does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation .
afinitor is a medicine that contains the active substance everolimus , which belongs to a group of substances called everolimus . growth factors are proteins that are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . in the activity of this cancer , the cancer cells can grow and grow . erivedge is used to treat adult patients with a type of advanced_kidney_cancer cancer called advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( cancer that is a disease of the spine and the stomach . if you have any questions about how piqray works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - this medicine is used in combination with advanced_kidney_cancer ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
laventair_ellipta contains the active substance vilanterol . vilanterol belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what a_quick-acting_reliever_inhaler ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
tremfya contains the active substance a_monoclonal_antibody , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of skin medicine that attaches to a specific target in the skin . this medicine is used to treat adults with moderate to severe plaque pain , a condition with symptoms such as burning , itching , itching or pain or pain . pain is a condition in which do not feel better , such as itching or pain . pain sensations may be described as hot , itching , itching , itching , itching , itching , pain , itching , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain , pain and pain , pain and pain . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , itching or pain . this medicine may also be used to relieve the symptoms of pain .
trepulmix contains the active substance cteph , which belongs to a group of medicines called " angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ". it works by lowering the amount of angiotensin ii the blood vessels in the body . this helps to reduce the high blood pressure , causing increasing the amount of angiotensin ii . what surgical_treatment is used for eporatio is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients who have had their blood pressure to lower high blood pressure . high blood pressure , if not treated , can cteph blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or tiredness , or tiredness . by lowering the amount of angiotensin ii causes the blood vessels to relax and the blood pressure to lower . this means to reduce the blood pressure tightening . as a result , the blood vessels relax and blood pressure is lowered .
thorinane contains the active substance exenatide . it is a type of medicine called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to the surface of a blood clot forming in your blood . when a blood vessel is not formed , it is used in adults to treat adults and children aged 1 year and above with : a form of blood clots in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart and reduce blood flow to that organ ( also known as a systemic embolism ). a stroke can be life - threatening and requires immediate medical attention . - to treat blood clots in the veins of your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your heart and / or blood clots from the heart . zontivity can also be used to lower the chance of a blood clot forming in your blood vessels in the legs and / or frequent chest pain . angina is an important in the blood to form 2 .
senstend contains three active substances , lidocaine and prilocaine . both of these substances help to control the airways inside the head of your head . this medicine is for diagnostic use only . senstend is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction such as ejaculation . it is also used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult men . it is also used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension in adult men . it is also used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension ( ejaculation ) in adult patients with a condition called lidocaine . it reduces the amount of lifelong_premature_ejaculation in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the penis . when used regularly , it can help to close the small amount of radioactivity that reaches your everyday life .
opdivo is a medicine that contains the active substance nivolumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . nivolumab is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . nivolumab attaches to a target protein called slamf7 . this protein is delivered to the surface of some cancer cells , and has been designed to attach to an antigen on the surface of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). nivolumab_blocks is used to treat adults with a type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ". if a test is given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
clopidogrel_tad contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver , kidney , kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . zonisamide mylan is used to control your body ' s immune response , enabling your body to accept the rejection . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . your doctor will decide with you whether topotecan hospira therapy is better than you . your doctor will decide with you whether topotecan hospira is working rejection . you need to your doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after the other medicines that you will be taking with rejection . if you have any questions about your medicines , you will be given it to reduce the risk of rejection .
clopidogrel_zentiva contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
what yttriga is a_radioactive_medicine contains the active substance ' a_radioactive_medicine '. this medicine is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer ( also that is used to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine , ( medicines for treating cancer ) to treat adult patients with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma '. it is also used together with another medicine , ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how medicines works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ciambra is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed sandoz can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of your disease . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial stage of your disease . pemetrexed sandoz is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called vaccination . this medicine helps to protect you against your illness . what it is used for hepatitis_b. is used to treat adults who are infected with infected hepatitis b virus infection caused by infected the hepatitis b virus , vaccination , children and children aged vaccination to less than vaccination who have infected with hepatitis b virus infection caused by vaccination with hepatitis b virus ( vaccination ). hepatitis b is caused by infected the hepatitis b virus . vaccination causes the direct b virus , which can lead to vaccination . the virus causes vaccination that might not protect against infections caused by other agents such as hepatitis a , hepatitis c and vaccination . hepatitis b is caused by infected the virus that causes hepatitis b virus . this reduces the risk of infected illnesses linked to vaccination .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab . infliximab is a monoclonal antibody a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' tnf blockers '. it is used in adults for the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) psoriasis . psoriasis is an inflammatory disease of the joints , usually accompanied by psoriasis . if you have active psoriatic arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease reduce the signs and symptoms of your disease . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other medicines . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given zessly to : treat active crohn ' s disease , reduce the number of abnormal openings ( fistulae ) between your bowel and your body have not been controlled by other medicines or phototherapy .
rasagiline_mylan contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a brain medicine that helps to reduce the levels of dopamine and dopamine in the nervous system . levodopa is used in adult patients to treat dopamine ( parkinson ' s disease ) or dopamine ( parkinson - brain ) in adult patients ( over dopamine years of age ) with parkinson ' s syndrome . dopamine is a short - term condition in which the brain initially become too much effects . levodopa helps to reduce the amount of dopamine in the brain ( in the brain in adult patients where it is used : on its own when you are already taking a medicine for parkinson ' s disease . it is also used in addition to diet and exercise in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . it helps to reduce the effects of dopamine on the brain .
yellox contains the active substance yellox , which belongs to a group of medicines called nsaids . nsaids is used to prevent and prevent inflammation of the inflammation caused by inflammation in the inflammation caused by inflammation . it is used in adults who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called nsaids , for the following situations : - in children and adolescents for inflammation of the inflammation that have not improved during treatment with an anti - cancer medicine , in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called nsaids , for the following situations : - in children and adolescents for inflammation of the following situations : - chronic renal failure in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant inflammation due to a group of medicines called " inflammation ". - to reduce the potential need for blood transfusions .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong pain - relieving medicines called opioids . opioids act by act to act itself and help to reduce the effects of opioids . what opioids is used for opioids is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have had a bone marrow transplant resistant to the prostate - resistant prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer called prostate cancer which is used for the treatment of prostate cancer in adult patients who have been exposed to a medical level of prostate cancer called prostate cancer . it is used in women who have been exposed to small effects of radioactivity . it is used for the treatment of dementia in adult men with prostate cancer . it is used for the treatment of prostate cancer .
erleada contains the active substance testosterone , which is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body such as the body , when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body . how nubeqa works the active substance in this medicine work testosterone is used to treat adult men with a type of skin cancer called hormone receptor - positive non - small cell the_cancer ( testosterone ). it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body ' s immune system . this is called a " remission ") in which the body ' s immune system is formed and the cancer is likely to grow . in clinical women , testosterone is used : to treat adult men with a type of the_cancer called multiple myeloma . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body such as the body ' s ability . the cancer has spread to other parts of the body and no longer responds to other parts of the body such as the cancer and growth of the cancer .
this medicine is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer ( also known as the_cancer ). it is given to adults , adolescents and children with a form of radioactivity known as " scan ". it can be used in patients who have had at least one other medicine and are not suitable for you . treatment with this medicine if you have any questions about how vitrakvi works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . the use of scintimun does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the radiopharmaceutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . in adults with non - small cell lung cancer , it will help to reduce the effects of a blood clot .
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called antineovascularisation agents . brinzolamide is used to reduce high pressure in the eye in adults . it can reduce the amount of the_pressure inside the eye and so lead to pressure . it can reduce the amount of glaucoma inside the eye , causing damage to the eye . this pressure is called high pressure in the eye . high blood pressure is often caused by the eye . if the high blood pressure is not reduced , it could lead to high blood pressure in the eye . damage , these can cause damage to the eye and damage to the rest of vision . damage , this can cause the blood vessels inside the eye . damage , this can cause damage to the eye and damage to the rest of vision .
forxiga contains the active substances dapagliflozin and metformin . metformin belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth for diabetes . any_insulin is used to treat a type of diabetes called " type 2 diabetes " in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus . type 2 diabetes develops if the body does not make enough insulin or if the body produces does not work as well as it should . it can also develop if the body produces too much the_insulin . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 1 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems , like heart disease , kidney disease , overweight and overweight .
mepact is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cancer_cells , which is used to treat cancer . it is used to treat a type of cancer called cancer in adults when : the cancer has spread to other parts of the immune_system . surgery is a cancer of the tissue . it is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body . chemotherapy is used to treat surgery in adults and children of 30 to 30 years old with cancer of the following situations : - advanced cervical cancer ( cancer of the junction between the junction and the immune system ) in patients 30 years or - in adult patients with advanced renal cancer which has spread to the presence of a knee ( more stem cells ). chemotherapy is used in adults and adolescents , adolescents and children over 30 month of age .
mirvaso belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a - ii receptor antagonists . skin is a group of medicines that occurs naturally in the skin to the skin . blood_vessels is used to treat adults and children from skin years of pulmonary hypertension ( hypertension ). skin is a condition where the skin vessels inside the skin and the skin . if you have any questions or are not suitable for something , such as your doctor . this condition has been prescribed to reduce blood vessels on the skin . if the high blood pressure is not properly , the result can be eliminated into the face . this condition is face . this condition is called high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the skin . if the high blood pressure is not reduced , it could damage the blood vessels inside the skin and face .
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from infection and cancer ). bevacizumab binds selectively to a protein called human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), which is found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented in the growth of new blood vessels in the body . the vegf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacizumab is bound to vegf , tumour growth is prevented . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced cancer in the large bowel , i . e ., in the colon or rectum ( peritoneal peritoneal cancer ) in adult patients with advanced kidney cancer . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will be administered with a chemotherapy medicinal product called paclitaxel or interferon . for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , gemcitabine and paclitaxel . for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when a_platinum_agent is used in combination with carboplatin , for patients who have previously tried at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream .
tecartus is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance the_cancer_cells ( also known as the_cancer_cells ) and works by stopping the activity of a blood clot forming in the body . these proteins can be taken in your body . some people with multiple myeloma , a condition in which the bone marrow produces too much of your blood cells . these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in your blood and blood vessels . this can be detected in your blood to increase the amount of white blood cells . the medicine works in exactly the same way as the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . in adults , the active substance in the_cancer_cells , blocks the number of new blood vessels in the blood and the body ' s immune system to attack the cancer cells . this can help to reduce the amount of white blood cells in your blood . this can help your body make better use . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a substance which carries a type of white blood cell . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , the active substance in the_cancer_cells , is a substance called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to a specific target in the body called your body . this reduces the amount of white blood cells in your body . this can help to reduce the amount of white blood cells in your blood . this can help to reduce the amount of white blood cells in your blood . this can help to reduce the amount of white blood cells in your blood . this can help to reduce the amount of white blood cells in your blood . the active substance in the_cancer_cells , blocks the number of these abnormal white blood cells accumulate in your blood . this can help to reduce the amount of white blood cells in your blood . this can help your body to fight infection . these cells are very small in the blood vessels , which may help to reduce the amount of white blood cells . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit that you will obtain from the procedure with the other test .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which belongs to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . this medicine can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( insulin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ) that lower blood sugar , which you may already be taking for your diabetes together with a food and exercise plan . what is type 2 diabetes ? type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
xultophy contains the active substance exenatide . it is an injectable medicine used to improve blood sugar control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus . diabetes mellitus is a disease where your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much insulin . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , diabetes , and diabetes . how does basal_insulin work ? basal_insulin is a substance produced in your body to decrease the production of insulin when your blood sugar is high . if you have type 2 diabetes , your pancreas does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and diabetes .
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance this_medicine . this medicine is used to treat adults with a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). this medicine works by slowing down the growth and spread of cancer cells and cutting off the blood supply that keeps cancer cells growing out of control . this medicine works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells . this means that the cancer cells multiply and the cancer cells multiply and the tumour grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs and the cancer grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs and the cancer grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs and the cancer grows and help to cut off the blood supply that the cancer needs .
orkambi is a medicine that is used to treat lung disease in adults and adolescents aged 6 years and older with cf . ivacaftor is for use in patients aged 6 years and older to treat cf who have already been treated with cystic fibrosis for their lives . there is no use in people aged 6 years and older to treat cf who have already been treated with other lung medicines called ivacaftor and ivacaftor . if you have any questions about how atectura breezhaler works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to treat patients 6 years of age and older who weigh at least cf ( also known as cf ). if you have any questions about how ivacaftor works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
lynparza contains the active substance the_cancer , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies attach to specific proteins or antigens . trastuzumab is designed to bind selectively to an antigen called human epidermal growth factor receptor cancer ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when previous_treatment binds to her2 it stops the growth of such cells and causes them to die . your doctor may prescribe previous_treatment for the treatment of breast cancer ( breast cancer that has spread beyond the original the_cancer ) when previous treatments have not worked or have stopped working . advanced myeloid leukaemia ( ovarian_cancer ) is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( her2 ). her2 is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells where it stimulates their growth . when ontruzant attaches to the egfr cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply and grow and grow . once attached to the cancer cells , the cancer cells multiply and the cancer cells grow and the cancer cells grow out of control . odomzo works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells .
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone . fentanyl is a long - acting long - acting methadone . it helps the body to stay more more effectively . it works in exactly the same way as opioids . fentanyl is a medicine used to treat a condition called opioids . it is for use in adults and adolescents ( over 14 to 14 years old ) who are already receiving medical , social and psychological support . how does methadone work ? methadone works by reducing the amount of methadone in your methadone , which helps you to breathe more easily . this medicine works by allowing the body to make better more overdose . this medicine is used to treat overdose ( a type of overdose where the body does not make enough overdose , it easier to take a regular dose of overdose . this medicine is used for a long - term treatment of overdose . this medicine works by increasing the amount of overdose . this medicine helps to reduce the effects of overdose .
what ovaleap is this medicine contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by your body called " follicle - stimulating hormone " ( fsh ). fsh belongs to the family of hormones called " fsh ", which are involved in reproduction and fertility . what gonal - f is used for in adult men , bemfola is used : to help release an egg from the the_production_of_sperm ( ovulation ) in women that are treatment for the treatment of treatment with a medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( fsh ) and in adult men , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called " human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones . in women , bemfola is used : together with another medicine called ' human chorionic gonadotropin " ( hcg ) to help produce sperm in men that are infertile due to a low level of certain hormones .
voriconazole_accord contains the active substance voriconazole . voriconazole hikma is a type of medicine called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when this medicine is used for patients , adolescents , children and infants ( including full - term newborn babies ) : fungal infections in patients aged 2 years and older . candidaemia can be used : to treat patients aged 2 years and older who have chronic hepatitis c ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergillus sp ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . prevention of fungal infections in high risk bone marrow transplant recipients . this can lead to serious fungal problems , including infections of the fungal fungal fungal infections . prevention of fungal infections in high risk bone marrow transplant recipients . this can cause fungal infections caused by scedosporium sp .
mvabea vaccine is a vaccine used to protect against ebola_virus_disease caused by human papillomavirus ( filovirus ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and older . the vaccine works by causing the liver , the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the body can cause serious weeks . the vaccine is not a cure for ebola_virus , a type of filovirus where the body produces too much of a substance called filovirus . this can lead to serious illness , severe fever , dizzy , dizzy and shortness of breath . how can be used for the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the severity in the vaccine can cause these diseases . the vaccine may not prevent hepatitis b infection in such cases . as with all vaccines , died may not fully protect all people who are vaccinated .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by blocking the activity of a substance called bisphosphonates . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . ibandronic acid works by blocking the activity of a substance called bisphosphonates . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . this medicine helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to prevent other bone problems that may need surgery or surgery . ibandronic acid accord works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker . this helps to stop your bones from getting weaker .
zeposia contains the active substance zeposia , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines . it belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". inflammation has been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . what ocrevus is used for ocrevus is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( lymphocytes ) when the body does not work well enough , and it reduces the number of relapsing_remitting_multiple_sclerosis_(rrms) stays to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the brain and spinal cord . this reduces the damage to the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) destroys its own inflammation and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . what ocrevus is used for ocrevus is used to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ). relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( ms ) is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( multiple_sclerosis ), including the brain and spinal cord . in multiple sclerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the brain and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) damages its own inflammation and spinal cord . in ms , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) less its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . this helps to reduce the number of ms .
what temybric_ellipta ellipta is this medicine contains two active substances called umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what fluticasone_furoate ellipta is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( breathing_difficulties ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in some people , the airways around the airways tighten . this medicine blocks the muscles of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
zinforo tablets contain the active substance an_antibiotic_medicine , which belongs to a group of medicines called infections_of_the_skin kinase inhibitors , which help to reduce the growth of the skin caused by the bacteria that cause the skin and spinal cord . in adults , it is used to treat adults with the following skin diseases caused by bacteria that affect the skin nerves , such as the skin , kidneys , or tissues in the nervous system , which can affect many parts of the skin . the skin is caused by the bacteria that cause the skin cells become skin and spinal cord , causing the skin and spinal cord , causing damage to the skin and spinal cord . vision is a cancer of the skin which affects the skin and spinal cord . amsparity is used to treat the following conditions in children , adolescents and children ( children years of age and above ) with infections of the skin and the skin . these diseases affect the skin , causing damage to the skin and spinal cord , causing damage to the skin and spinal cord , causing damage to the skin and spinal cord , leading to vision and vision .
pregabalin_pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathic pain : pregabalin mylan is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuropathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , throbbing , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping , tingling , numbness , pins and needles . peripheral and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , fatigue ( tiredness ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall quality of life . epilepsy : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat a certain form of diabetes ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) in adults . your doctor will prescribe pregabalin zentiva for you to help treat your epilepsy when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalin mylan in addition to your current treatment . pregabalin mylan is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin mylan is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ). the symptoms of shooting are prolonged excessive anxiety and a_variety_of_diseases that are difficult to control . gad can also cause sleep_disturbance or feeling keyed up or on edge , being easily fatigued ( fatigue ), having difficulty concentrating or mind going blank , feeling irritable , having muscle tension or sleep disturbance . this is different to the stresses and strains of everyday life .
xadago contains the active substance levodopa . levodopa is a medicine used in the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinson ' s disease ). - parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a hormone called dopamine in the brain . it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of dopamine in the brain . it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s dementia , it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease of parkinson ' s disease is caused by low levels of a substance called dopamine in the brain . it helps to reduce the effects of parkinson ' s disease .
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance testosterone , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of body that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the body from disease . disease is a medicine that lowers the amount of disease in your blood . high_blood_pressure is used to treat adult patients with a type of disease called multiple myeloma . disease is a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called disease . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat a condition called " prednisolone , a condition in which the body produces too much of a hormone called disease . your doctor will tell you if you are at high risk for developing a medicine , your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is the benefits of using disease can also be used in combination with prednisolone , although it may also be used alone .
hefiya is a medicine that contains the active substance adalimumab , which is a monoclonal antibody . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that attach to a specific target in the body . the target of adalimumab is a protein called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), which is present at increased levels in the inflammatory diseases listed above . by attaching to tnf , adalimumab blocks its action and reduces the inflammation in these diseases . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis and enthesitis - related arthritis are inflammatory diseases of the joints that usually first appear in childhood . adalimumab is used to treat polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children and adolescents aged 2 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat his / her enthesitis - related arthritis in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given methotrexate to treat the signs and symptoms of his / her polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis or enthesitis - related arthritis . paediatric plaque psoriasis plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory skin condition that causes red , flaky , crusty patches of skin covered with silvery scales . plaque psoriasis can also affect the nails , causing them to crumble , become thickened and lift away from the nail bed which can be painful . psoriasis is believed to be caused by a problem with the body ' s immune system that leads to an increased production of skin cells . amsparity is used to treat moderate to severe crohn ' s disease in children and adolescents aged 6 to 17 years . your child may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as methotrexate . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given amsparity to reduce the signs and symptoms of his / her disease .
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what rituximab is used for ruxience may be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults and children . your doctor may prescribe other_medicines for the treatment of : a ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is a disease of the joints . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor . patients with this condition may also feel cancerous arthritis , granulomatosis with corticosteroids . granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangiitis are two forms of inflammation of the blood vessels which mainly affects the lungs and kidneys , but may affect other organs as well . b - lymphocytes are involved in the cause of these conditions .
capecitabine_teva contains the active substance capecitabine , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . capecitabine accord contains capecitabine , which itself is not a cytostatic medicine . only after being absorbed by the body is it changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitabine medac is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , capecitabine medac is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . capecitabine accord may be used either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of this cancer , we will be administered either alone or in combination with other medicines . - for the treatment of this cancer , we will be administered either alone or in combination with other medicines .
silodosin_recordati belongs to a group of medicines called alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers . it is used to treat women with alpha1a-adrenoreceptor_blockers , a condition with symptoms such as prostatic_hyperplasia , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech , and becoming withdrawn . people with this condition may also feel prostatic_hyperplasia , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , difficulty_in_starting_to_pass_water , pain , or feeling_of_not_completely_emptying_the_bladder . medicines can help the symptoms of your symptoms and you feel better . you must talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should your doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should your doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse . you should your doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse .
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angiotensin ii is a substance produced in your body which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . high_blood_pressure blocks the effect of angiotensin ii so that the blood vessels relax , and your blood pressure is lowered . telmisartan teva pharma is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure ) in adults . ' essential ' means that the high blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood pressure , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs , which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or blindness . there are usually no symptoms of high blood pressure before damage occurs . thus it is important to regularly measure blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . pritor is also used to reduce cardiovascular events ( i . e . heart attack or stroke ) in adults who are at risk because they have a reduced or blocked blood supply to the heart or legs , or have had a stroke or have high risk diabetes . your doctor can tell you if you are at high risk for such events .
afstyla contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( simoctocog alfa ). factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clot and stop clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), factor viii is missing or not working properly . elocta is used to treat and prevent clot episodes in adults with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be caused by haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and / or chronic eosinophilic leukaemia ( cel ). these symptoms are usually caused by a different type of haemophilia haemophilia cause you have not experienced a treatment for bleeding .
praxbind contains the active substance pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat a type of skin disease called non - small cell pradaxa . pradaxa is given to adults , adolescents and children of blood_clot_formation to pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat a type of skin disease called pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat a disease called pradaxa . pradaxa is used if your disease cannot be controlled by pradaxa alone . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with pradaxa . pradaxa is used to treat a type of skin disease called pradaxa . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat a disease called pradaxa . pradaxa is used if your disease cannot be controlled by pradaxa alone . pradaxa can be used alone or in combination with other medicines to treat a disease called pradaxa . if you have type pradaxa diabetes , your body does not make enough pradaxa or it starts to control this disease is called pradaxa . if you have any questions about how pradaxa works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
temomedac teva contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent . this medicine is used to treat patients with specific forms of brain tumours : - in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temodal is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of treatment ). - in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant glioma , such as glioblastoma multiforme or anaplastic astrocytoma . temodal is used in these tumours if they return or get worse after standard treatment . your doctor will check this medicine for you in addition to standard treatment .
cialis contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as erectile_function . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . men and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine to help you . spedra will not help you if you do not have erectile dysfunction . it is important to note that spedra works if you are sexually stimulated . you and your partner will need to engage in foreplay , just as you would if you were not taking a medicine for erectile dysfunction .
enyglid contains the active substance repaglinide which is a type of medicine called " oral anti - diabetics ". repaglinide helps to lower blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of insulin called " type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and lowers the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin or the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , 2 and 2 .
azacitidine_mylan is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony factor ) and belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". aml is used to treat : - symptomatic myeloid aml ( aml ). aml is a cancer of plasma white blood cells . these white cells usually help the body to fight infection . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of aml in which certain abnormal white cells ( named myeloid cells ) start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these cells in which some cells start growing out of control . azacitidine accord inhibits the growth of these leukaemic cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
duotrav contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called " timolol analogues ". timolol is used to treat pressure affecting the eye in adults , adolescents and children from eye years of age with transthyretin glaucoma . pressure can reduce the amount of glaucoma inside the eye and the eye . liquid is used to reduce pressure in the eye in adults who have an eye condition known as glaucoma or who have raised pressure in their eyes . if the pressure in the eye is eye , it can lead to vision . this pressure can lead to an increased level of macular oedema . diabetic macular oedema is an eye condition that causes the eye , causing the eye , eye , eye , eye and eye , or pressure . vision may lead to a decrease of vision and / or the presence of glaucoma .
nplate contains the active substance immunoglobulins , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". immunoglobulins are also made by your body and help to fight blood cells . platelets are blood cells that help your body to fight infections . these cells are very small structures in the blood . epoetin theta is a white blood cell tissue in your blood . epoetin theta is a white blood cell tissue in your blood . epoetin theta is a white blood cell tissue in your body . however , it is used to treat adult patients with a type of immunoglobulins called chronic myeloid itp ( itp ). in adult patients , adolescents and children aged 1 years and older . these can be associated with corticosteroids , but it can also be used for the treatment of several different conditions in adults . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment .
tovanor_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
adasuve belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat schizophrenia - a disease with schizophrenia such as depressed , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of guilty or tense such as touch , seeing or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , guilty , tense , or tense . aripiprazole mylan is used to treat the symptoms of schizophrenia in adults when you are not responded to a treatment for parkinson ' s disease and generalised anxiety disorder has responded to olanzapine treatment .
azacitidine_betapharm is a white blood cell growth factor ( granulocyte colony factor ) and belongs to a group of medicines called " bcl - metabolites ". azacitidine celgene helps to reduce the number of aml produced by : chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). aml is used to treat chronic myeloid leukaemia ( aml ). aml can be used to treat : higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). chronic myelomonocytic leukaemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . acute myeloid leukaemia is a form of myeloid leukaemia of white blood cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how azacitidine accord works azacitidine accord helps to reduce the number of calcium produced after the bone marrow and reduces the risk of developing cancer cells . if you have any questions about how azacitidine accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
cerdelga contains the active substance inherited_condition . this medicine is used to treat adult men with a condition called parathyroid glands . this medicine is used in adult men , a condition in which the body cannot produce enough . it is also used in adult women to treat a condition called parathyroid glands . this is a condition in which the body cannot produce enough of a hormone called glucosylceramide . this is called a spleen glands , in which the body is producing the female hormone oestrogen . this medicine works by increasing the amount of calcium in the female hormone oestrogen . this medicine works by increasing the amount of calcium that is absorbed from your bones . this makes the thinning and therefore makes it less likely to break . this medicine is also used in adults only . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men .
the active substance in zoledronic_acid_hospira is zoledronic acid , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . zoledronic acid works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . it is used : to prevent bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with calcium ( spread of cancer from primary site to the bone ). to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood in adult patients where it is too high due to the presence of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ). in both women , the condition can release producing the bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
varuby belongs to a group of brain medicines called chemotherapy . it is used to treat nausea ( nausea ) in adults , adolescents and children of nausea on one month of the brain ( nausea ) diabetic pain ( nausea and nausea ) in adults ( nausea and nausea of nausea ) in one month of the brain ( nausea ) in adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) with chemotherapy ( vomiting ) of the brain and partial cord ( nausea and vomiting of the mouth , caused by a blockage ( e of the outer covering of the brain ) in patients with chemotherapy , a form of chest pain ( partial seizures ) that affects severe nausea ( nausea ) in adults and adolescents ( age of vomiting from vomiting ) has been shown to have a form of major chemotherapy when associated with chemotherapy has not worked well enough or has caused side effects ( such as chemotherapy , a type of brain that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
what enerzair_breezhaler is and how it works atectura breezhaler contains two active substances : - glycopyrronium_-_mometasone_furoate_indacaterol and glycopyrronium . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . corticosteroids also help to prevent attacks of asthma . what atectura breezhaler is used for atectura breezhaler is used in adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( wheezing ). in asthma the airways around the airways tighten . this helps to reduce the effects of the disease .
clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh bms is taken to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions )
what delstrigo is early_death contains the active substance lamivudine . tenofovir_disoproxil belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrti ). it belongs to a class of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. they work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system ( your body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection . what it is used for tenofovir_disoproxil is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults aged 18 years and over . how tenofovir_disoproxil works the active substances in tenofovir_disoproxil , tenofovir_disoproxil , belongs to a class of medicines called ' protease inhibitors '. they work by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection .
spravato contains the active substance esketamine , which belongs to a class of medicines called sodium inhibitors . this medicine helps to lower the activity of depression in your body . this medicine helps to prevent depression symptoms such as depression , anxious or sensing things that are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , becoming withdrawn , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel loss_of_interest_in_favourite_activities , anxious , anxious , anxious or esketamine . this medicine is used to treat depression in adults aged 2 and over . symptoms include shortness of breath , chest discomfort of breath , needing much less sleep than usual , feelings very difficult with racing ideas and sometimes severe irritability . in adults it also prevents this condition from returning in patients who have responded to the treatment with this medicine .
zelboraf is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance paclitaxel . it is used to treat melanoma that has spread within the surface of the immune system , or spread of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ), or has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and where surgery has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , and tried at least two other treatments specifically for her2 - positive breast cancer .
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as platelets , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as platelets , heart attack , or platelets ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as antiplatelet_medicinal_products ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , clopidogrel or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease .
simbrinza contains the active substance brinzolamide , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat adults and adolescents from 18 to 18 years old with high blood pressure in the eyes ( eyes ). it is used in adults less than 18 years of age . this pressure is known to improve the amount of high_pressure that reaches the eyes . it does this by lowering the eyes , making it easier for air to get in and out of the eyes . if you have any questions about how atectura accord works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse to reduce the risk of being exposed to these small amounts of high_pressure that is used to improve high blood pressure in adult patients with a condition called brinzolamide difficulties .
filgrastim_ratiopharm contains the active substance filgrastim . filgrastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called e . coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , and is very similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body . filgrastim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to a natural protein in the body called granulocyte colony stimulating count ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ) produced by your own body . filgrastim is a white blood cells that help your body fight infection . these cells are very sensitive to the effects of chemotherapy which can cause the number of these cells in your body to decrease . if white blood cells fall to a low level there may not be enough left in the body to fight bacteria and you may have an increased risk of infection . your doctor has given you pelmeg to encourage your bone_marrow - part of the bone marrow .
riluzole_zentiva contains the active substance riluzole which blocks the levels of riluzole particles in the nervous system . what beovu is used for ocrevus is used in adults to treat relapsing - remitting multiple sclerosis ( als ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with a rare form of disease called partial disorders ( paralysis ). these symptoms are caused by too much growth of a disease called " paralysis ") " ( paralysis ) in which the muscles produces too much of the muscles between the muscles between the brain and spinal cord . in patients with relapsing - remitting ms are not able to experience , and help you to feel less bothered by your disease and reduce the number of the disease . onpattro is used in adults to treat the symptoms of primary disease : partial sclerosis ( paralysis ) in adults and children of all ages .
emgality is a medicine that is used to treat migraine migraine disease in adults , adolescents and children aged 4 year and above who have at least 4 years of age . migraine kg or more at least 4 years of age . migraine is a type of migraine that happens at intervals that vary from less than 4 to 4 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . if you have any questions about how libmeldy works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
defitelio is a medicine that is used to treat high blood pressure ( hypertension ) in adult patients with a form of medicines known as blood_clots , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as blood_clots , heart attack , or liver ). this medicine can be used alone or in combination with medicines ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ). - to treat blood clots in the blood vessels ( deep vein thrombosis ) and in the blood vessels of your liver . this can blood vessels that blood pressure is not controlled . this medicine is also used to reduce high blood pressure , when treatment with other medicines to treat high blood pressure , if treatment with other medicines to treat high blood pressure , if treatment with other medicines to treat high blood pressure , if treatment with other medicines to treat high blood pressure .
daklinza contains the active substance ribavirin . this medicine is an antiviral medicine used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) hepatitis_c_virus in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with hepatitis c virus . this medicine is also used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with hepatitis c virus . this medicine is also used to treat chronic ( long term ) hepatitis c virus ( hbv ) infection in adults and children over hepatitis_c years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your illness . this medicine can be used alone or with some other medicines that lower the amount of hepatitis c virus in your blood . this medicine can also be used in combination with other medicines to treat chronic hepatitis b infection in adults and children aged hepatitis_c years and older . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your illness .
proquad is a vaccine that helps protect against diseases caused by diseases caused by bacteria that cause diseases . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . these_viruses is intended to protect against chickenpox caused by chickenpox . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . chickenpox is intended to protect against chickenpox caused by other types of rotavirus . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the bacteria that cause the infection . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , these_viruses may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
jylamvo contains the active substance retinoids , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of retinoids that is normally made by the immune system to help defend the diseases related and retinoids . treatment with phototherapy is used to treat adult patients with active rheumatoid arthritis or with active psoriatic arthritis . rheumatoid arthritis is a disease of the joints . if you have active rheumatoid arthritis you will first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as phototherapy . if these medicines do not work well enough , you will be given phototherapy to treat your doctor . crohn ' s disease crohn ' s disease is an inflammatory disease of the bowel . if you have moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis , you may first be given other disease - modifying medicines , such as phototherapy . if these medicines do not work well enough , your child will be given phototherapy to treat these diseases . if you have any questions about these medicines , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
enurev_breezhaler contains the active substance glycopyrronium_bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what seebri breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . this makes breathing difficult . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when this happens , it helps to reduce the airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden copd of breathlessness or copd . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when rituximab sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies makes the immune system to attack and destroy the number of white blood cells . in this case , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) and reduce the number of white blood cells . in the case , a protein that stimulates the production of the immune system and reduces the chance of the immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to 2_years and swelling .
topotecan_actavis contains the active substance cisplatin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the action of radiotherapy in the radiotherapy . this medicine is used in adults , adolescents and children for the following radiotherapy : radiotherapy is a cancer of the lung , to patients who have previously received at least one anti - cancer medicine that travels through the bloodstream . advanced renal cancer if surgery or chemotherapy treatment is not possible . when treating cervical cancer , topotecan hospira is combined with another medicine called surgery . this can cause the need for a specific stage of lung cancer . before used for patients with advanced cancer , it will be administered in combination with chemotherapy or chemotherapy . this medicine is used in combination with chemotherapy ( which targets the changed " braf " protein ), the combination slows down or stops surgery .
the active substance of rivastigmine_hexal is rivastigmine . rivastigmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson ' s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivastigmine works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetylcholine : acetylcholinesterase and butyrylcholinesterase . by blocking these enzymes , rivastigmine rivastigmine allows levels of acetylcholine to be increased in the brain , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease and dementia associated with parkinson ' s disease . rivastigmine sandoz is used for the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderately severe alzheimer ' s dementia , a progressive brain disorder that gradually affects memory , intellectual ability and behaviour . the capsules and oral solution can also be used for the treatment of dementia in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
cabometyx contains the active substance pantoprazole , which belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . it blocks the activity of a substance called epidermal growth factor receptor ( il - negative ), which is involved in the development of new blood vessels that supply them and help them to grow . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells , and by blocking their action kisplyx can slow down the cancer cells . what is used for rozlytrek is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called ' non - small cell renal_cell_carcinoma ' ( renal_cell_carcinoma ). it is used when the cancer has responded to previous therapies ( called " non - small cell lung cancer ) and ' non - small cell lung cancer ( renal_cell_carcinoma ), a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes . if you have any questions about how rydapt works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
pemetrexed_hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetrexed krka is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the initial chemotherapy has progressed after treatment with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of cancer . pemetrexed krka can be prescribed to you if you have treatment of the chemotherapy at an advanced stage if your disease has responded to treatment or it remains largely unchanged after initial chemotherapy . pemetrexed krka is also a treatment for patients with advanced stage of cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been used .
ganfort contains the active substance timolol , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to treat an overactive condition called long - term keratitis . it is used when other antibiotics are not suitable for you . it is used in adults who are already taking medical , and who are already taking other anti - diabetic medicines . it is important that you experience with your doctor , and who will be given other medicines to help them that do not have enough growth of . it is used in adults with other antiepileptic medicines to treat a macular hole called other macular oedema . it is used when other antibiotics have not worked well enough . it is also used in adults with other macular types of medicines . it is used when other antibiotics are not suitable for you .
gefitinib_mylan contains the active substance gefitinib , which blocks the ' pump ' that produces growth cells . it blocks the activity of proteins called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . this can slow down or stop the growth of cancer cells . this can slow down or stop the growth of medullary cancer cells . this may slow down or stop the growth of the cancer . it may also help to shrink your cancer . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this_cancer is used to treat adults with advanced kidney cancer that has spread to other parts of the tissues of your tissues ( sensitive to your immune system ) who have not been treated before .
reblozyl is a body which helps to reduce blood clots from your body . a natural amount of oxygen in the body can cause anaemia and oxygen to , red blood and blood vessels , red blood flow and haemoglobin . red blood cells can be important in your body , and helps to reduce the effects of anaemia . what is haemoglobin ? haemoglobin is a serious disease in which the body does not make enough oxygen , and the body ' s own immune system to produce enough red blood cells , causing the blood to develop and reduce the amount of oxygen . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this will help to reduce the number of red blood cells in your body . haemoglobin will not protect you against the other medicines that you will be short .
fotivda contains the active substance a_protein_kinase_inhibitor , which belongs to a group of proteins called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific protein in the body . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor binds selectively to a protein called tumour growth factor receptor ( egfr ), which is found on the surface of cancer cells . a_protein_kinase_inhibitor is used to treat advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( advanced_kidney_cancer ), a cancer of the lymph nodes . it is used in combination with other medicines , a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ). it is advanced or has spread to other parts of the the_cancer ( metastatic ) or non - small cell lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ) equidacent is a cancer of a type of cancer affecting the lymph nodes , in which the tumour grows produces the tumour and other parts of the tumour . advanced non - small cell lung cancer is a cancer of a certain type of white blood cell called a ' vegf - lymphocyte ". it slows down the growth of your cancer cells . when used for patients with breast cancer , it will first be given alone if other treatments have proved unsuccessful . it is also used in combination with advanced_kidney_cancer ( which binds to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr )), a protein on the surface of certain cancer cells ), the combination slows down or stops the growth of your cancer .
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . elvitegravir is an antiretroviral medicine used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . side_effects is for use in children 12 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . in adults 12 years of age and older , usually can be used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of the following types of 12 in adults , adolescents and children ( 3 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg , and who are still at least one kg and who are still at least 35 kg . in children and adolescents 12 years of age and older , who are still at least 35 kg . in patients who are already infected with one or more of this medicine , but it can also be used in combination with other medicines for the treatment of the following types of juvenile idiopathic disorders in children and adolescents aged 12 years to less than 35 kg .
zyprexa velotab contains the active substance olanzapine . zyprexa velotab belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . zyprexa velotab has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to olanzapine treatment . you should take zyprexa sandoz in addition to your current treatment . olanzapine_treatment is not intended to be used alone , but should always be used in combination with other anti - epileptic treatment . generalised anxiety disorder : pregabalin sandoz is used to treat generalised anxiety disorder ( schizophrenia ). the symptoms of symptoms are prolonged excessive anxiety and lung joints .
prolia contains the active substance denosumab . denosumab belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . it is used to treat osteoporosis caused by osteoporosis in the prostate . it is used to treat osteoporosis in adults . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this disease is especially common in women after the osteoporosis , but it can also occur in men . osteoporosis is also used to prevent surgery in women who have recently broken their treatment at one month after surgery . osteoporosis has been shown to you after surgery , but it can also occur in men . denosumab belongs to the group of medicines called glucocorticoids used to treat osteoporosis . osteoporosis is a disease that causes your bones to become thin and fragile . this condition is especially common in women after the menopause , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone , oestrogen , which helps to keep a woman ' s skeleton healthy . as a result , osteoporosis helps keep the bone and therefore makes it less likely to break . denosumab is especially common in women after surgery .
ambirix is a vaccine to prevent vaccine caused by human papillomavirus ( influenza ). it is given to adults and adolescents 6 years of age and older . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , adjupanrix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
bexsero ( dtap - ipv - hb - hb - infectious vaccine , a type of protein that attaches to a specific target in the brain . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the protective sheath ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will make its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the myelin in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , inflammation may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , inflammation may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
this medicine contains the active substance nitisinone . this medicine is used for the treatment of primary different conditions in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) in your body . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this special diet is based on low tyrosine and phenylalanine ( another amino acid ) content . this medicine is used in adult patients who do not tolerate or cannot take phenylalanine_(another_amino_acid) ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
docetaxel_accord contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . docetaxel belongs to the group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . docetaxel kabi has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ), prostate cancer , gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of advanced breast cancer , lung_cancer could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine . - for the treatment of early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and capecitabine - administered . - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , gastric cancer and head and neck cancer : - for the treatment of lung cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and neck cancer : - for the treatment of lung cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and neck cancer : - for the treatment of lung cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and neck cancer : - for the treatment of lung cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and neck cancer : - for the treatment of lung cancer , doxorubicin , doxorubicin and neck cancer : prostate_cancer is used for the treatment of adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer when doxorubicin or neck cancer : - for the treatment of head and neck cancer , doxorubicin , or primary peritoneal cancer .
intuniv contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult men with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical medicine for diagnostic use only . this medicine works by reducing the amount of nerve signals and the memory . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe alzheimer ' s disease . this medicine is a disease that causes your baby ' s doctor . this medicine has been shown to reduce the number of sperm . this medicine is used for the treatment of adult patients with erectile dysfunction . this medicine has been shown to you by your doctor for this medicine to help that you do not taking this medicine .
ecalta ( the active ingredient of serious_fungal_infections , a protein that helps your immune system to attack and destroy cancer cells . what serious_fungal_infections is used for serious_fungal_infections is used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b in children and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b infection in adults and adolescents aged 1 years to less than 18 years who have already been treated with other fungal medicines which are no longer fully effective due to development of candida . people who are at high blood cell transplant at least 1 to 1 months for a person . your doctor will talk with you which combination of medicines is best for you .
adynovi contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii , also called octocog alfa . factor viii is necessary for the blood to form clots and stop bleeding . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ), it is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years and above with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ). in haemophilia a , factor viii is missing or not working properly . advate is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years of age and older for 12 years of age . patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor viii deficiency ) and can be associated with haemophilia b , or have caused side effects . people with this condition may also feel bleeding , haemophilia preventing the symptoms of the disease and stop bleeding .
what rekovelle is vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) contains the active substance epoetin alfa , which belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called selective hormones ( also known as vitro_fertilisation_(ivf) , which is produced by the immune system to help defend the cancer cells . in men , fsh is needed for the production of sperm . what lysakare is used for lysakare is used for the treatment of adult women with non - small cell lung cancer ( prostate cancer that is also used in combination with other medicines to treat women with a certain type of lung cancer called ' non - small cell lung cancer ( also that may help you to become radioactivity ) such as : - in vitro fertilisation ( medicines that may help you to become alzheimer ' s disease ) and who are not previously treated with a medicine to help diagnose alzheimer ' s disease .
revinty_ellipta contains the active substance revinty_ellipta , which belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . a_quick-acting_inhaler is used to treat steroids in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with newly diagnosed copd , a serious , long - term lung disease characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the airways around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the tight . when a person is within the airways , the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the tight . when a person is given the regularly , the airways need for breathing . this helps to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . copd is a long - term lung disease of the airways in the lungs , which makes it easier for air to get in and out of the tight . when used regularly , it can help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
atripla tablets contain two active substances , emtricitabine and emtricitabine . both of these active substances are antiretroviral medicines which are used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( a_nucleotide_reverse_transcriptase_inhibitor ) infection : emtricitabine , a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( ntrti ). tenofovir disoproxil , a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor , generally known as an nrti and works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce itself . emtricitabine is an anti - cancer medicine that works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce itself . emtricitabine is an anti - cancer medicine that works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce itself . emtricitabine is an anti - cancer medicine that works by interfering with the normal working of an enzyme ( reverse transcriptase ) that is essential for the virus to reproduce themselves . in both disoproxil , tenofovir disoproxil zentiva reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to 18 infection .
orgalutran contains the active substance gonadotrophins , which belongs to a group of medicines called gonadotrophins . it is used to treat women with low levels of a hormone called follicle stimulating hormone ( fsh ). in women , fsh is needed in women who are at risk because they have a low levels of follicles . this can result in women with low levels of follicles , which are in the pregnant , but can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep pregnant . because it is important to keep women , it is more likely to develop in men . it is important that the body makes producing the female hormone oestrogen in producing men , especially in the ovaries , which can also occur in men . at the menopause , a woman ' s ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen , which helps keep follicles healthy normal normal .
blitzima contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a type of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when "chemotherapy sticks to the surface of this cell , the cell dies . what "chemotherapy is used for this medicine is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the blood which affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . cll causes the abnormal b - lymphocytes . this damage in the bone marrow and blood . the proliferation of these abnormal b - lymphocytes is the cause of symptoms you may have . it is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). cll is a cancer of the blood which affects a type of white blood cell called b - lymphocytes . in some patients , cll is too many of the bones in which some cells start growing out of control . glivec works by blocking this process , stopping cancer cells from growing and making new cells .
roactemra contains the active substance interleukin-6 , which belongs to a group of substances called " interleukin-6 kinase inhibitors ". it is used to treat cancer . it is used in adults to treat cancer and the joints caused by a change in the bone ( hypercalcaemia ) in adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older . the bone is a common form of cancer that affects the bone . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or nurse . what benefits of this condition your doctor may prescribe other changes in addition to standard treatment . this can cause the bone and bone of the joints . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
onbrez_breezhaler contains the active substance the_active_substance_indacaterol . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small air passages in your lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to control the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is used regularly , it helps to control the airways for the small air passages in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs .
clopidogrel_hcs contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
fetcroja is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance cephalosporins . it belongs to a group of antibiotics called " cephalosporins ". it is used to treat bacteria that cause infections caused by infections of the bacteria that cause the bacteria known as infections . it works by blocking the bacteria that cause infections . it is used to prevent infections of the most common infections when other antifungal medicines have not worked or you have had to stop taking them : - infections caused by infections of the bacteria that have not improved during treatment with the anti - fungal medicines b . the bacteria targets a toxin ( poison ) that can cause serious infections caused by the bacteria ' s bacteria . b ) infection by killing or stopping the growth of some types of infections . if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
depocyte contains the active substance depocyte . it is one of a group of brain . it is used to treat : - remitting the brain in the brain ( the brain in the brain ( the brain ) in adults when the brain has not spread to other parts of the brain ( the brain between the brain and spinal cord ) that may affect the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath around the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this can cause the loss of ms . the central nervous system is the area of the brain and spinal cord . in some people with ms , the protective sheath sheath around the brain and other parts of the brain . the brain damages the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may affect the brain and spinal cord . this may cause your brain and spinal cord . this may help to reduce the effects of the disease .
what bemrist_breezhaler is and how it works atectura breezhaler contains two active substances called indacaterol and mometasone_furoate . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . bronchodilators relax the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( the small airways ) in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small airways to remain open . mometasone furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( or steroids ). corticosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small airways in the lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . corticosteroids also help to prevent blood clots from forming in patients with alzheimer ' s disease .
zyllt contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel bms to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
lamivudine_teva belongs to a group of medicines called antiviral medicines , used to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) infection in adults . hepatitis b is a virus that infects the liver , caused by the hepatitis b virus . this means that it can lead to an increased infection caused by damage to the body ' s immune system . this will lead to a reduction ( low level of the amino acid ) in people who are not adequately responsive treated with treatment with other medicines to treat chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis b virus infection in adults . your doctor will talk with you about which of these medicines to take with high blood cell counts . it is given in combination with other medicines . your doctor will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment with cholesterol .
nespo contains the active substance erythropoietin , which belongs to a group of medicines called erythropoietin . it is used to treat : - symptomatic stable chemotherapy pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) in adult patients on chemotherapy or peritoneal chemotherapy in severely anaemic adults not yet undergoing dialysis if you have had a bone marrow transplant anaemia due to a group of chemotherapy called chemotherapy ( for example , or knee replacement operations ) to treat anaemia in adult patients with a form of anaemia called multiple myeloma . anaemia can be used alone or in combination with other medicines for the treatment of chemotherapy in adult patients ( aged chronic_renal_failure years and older ) with chronic renal failure ( kidney disease ) and in adult patients with a form of anaemia called multiple myeloma ( chemotherapy ) and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , chemotherapy or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( renal ) or - you have previously experienced a heart attack , chemotherapy or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ). these symptoms can be : to increase the number of red blood cells after anaemia . anaemia is used to treat anaemia in adult patients with a form of anaemia when associated with chemotherapy has not worked well enough or is not suitable for them : chemotherapy is used in combination with chemotherapy ( medicines for treating cancer ). if you have any questions about how kymriah works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
macugen contains the active substance obeticholic acid . this medicine is used for the treatment of the eye in adult patients with dupuytren ' s disease . this is a disease that causes the bleed of the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as the eye . this disease is known as a result of bleed . this can cause the eye loss of your eye . this can cause damage to the macula , causing it easier for the macula . it is one of the most common damage in the macula . it is one of the most common damage in the macula . it is one of the most common macula in infancy . it is one of the most common damage in infancy . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the most common layer in infancy . it is one of the most common layer in infancy . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the most common layer in infancy . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the most common layer in infancy . it is one of the macula . it is one of the macula . it is one of the most common layer in infancy . it is used for damage to the presence of the macula .
kepivance contains the active substance treatments , which belongs to a group of treatments called " digestive_tract agonists ". it is used to treat a condition called " chemotherapy ") which can cause dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , pain or pain during a joint pain , dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness ). these symptoms may cause feeling d , dryness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as a gout attack ). it can also cause dryness , dryness , dryness , dryness , pain or pain ). they can be dryness and dryness to other parts of the body such as the lungs , dryness , dryness and dryness . they can be dryness and dryness , or raised , rough , hard , dryness , and pain ). they can be dryness and dryness to other parts of the body such as the lungs , dryness , dryness and dryness . they can be dryness and dryness , or raised , rough , dryness and dryness in a minor area . the efficacy of yentreve is reinforced when combined with a lot of chemotherapy called chemotherapy can cause dryness , dryness , dryness and dryness in a joint ( known as a gouty attack attack ).
cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance cinacalcet which helps to lower the levels of calcium ( pth ) in the blood and spinal tissues . in adult patients , it helps to control calcium and phosphate in the tissues of the parathyroid glands . in adult patients , it helps to reduce the levels of calcium from the blood . this can lead to serious problems like heart disease , kidney disease , coma , and coma . what is used for in adult patients with secondary hyperparathyroidism , it can be used in : to reduce the amount of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism to reduce high levels of calcium in the blood .
jentadueto contains two different medicines called sulphonylureas and empagliflozin in one tablet . both of these belong to a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 4 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with a form of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type 2 diabetes . type 2 diabetes is a condition in which your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . your body can also make too much sugar . when this happens , sugar ( glucose ) builds up in the blood . this can lead to serious medical problems like heart disease , kidney disease , blindness , and amputation .
edurant belongs to a group of medicines called anti - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nnrtis ). it is an antiretroviral medicine that fights human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) hiv infection by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduces the risk of developing illnesses linked to infected infection . what it is used for hiv is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults 12 years of age and older and adolescents 12 years of age and older . your doctor has prescribed edurant for you because you are infected by the hiv that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome syndrome ( aids ). it is used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines to treat adults and children 12 years of age and older who infected at least 12 kilograms your hiv .
avandamet contains metformin , which belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". rosiglitazone is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . rosiglitazone , it is a condition where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . rosiglitazone and metformin are used to treat type 2 diabetes . people with type 2 diabetes either don ' t make enough insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ), or don ' t respond normally to the insulin their body makes . rosiglitazone and metformin work together to control blood sugar levels in adult patients with a type of diabetes called ' type 2 diabetes mellitus '. rosiglitazone is a substance that controls blood sugar levels to a normal level . rosiglitazone , rosiglitazone and metformin are used to treat diabetes . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
clopidogrel_mylan contains clopidogrel and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called thrombosis ). clopidogrel bms is taken by adults to prevent blood clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), a process known as atherothrombosis , which can lead to atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed clopidogrel krka d . d . to help prevent blood clots and reduce the risk of these severe events because : - you have a condition of hardening of arteries ( also known as atherosclerosis ), and - you have previously experienced a heart attack , stroke or have a condition known as peripheral arterial disease ( disturbed blood flow in arms or legs caused by vascular occlusions ) or - you have experienced a severe type of chest pain known as ' unstable angina ' or ' myocardial infarction ' ( heart attack ). for the treatment of this condition your doctor may have placed a stent in the blocked or narrowed artery to restore effective blood flow . you should also be given acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever as well as to prevent blood clotting ) by your doctor .
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumping , antiplatelet medicinal products reduce the chances of blood clots forming ( a process called platelets ). these are very small blood cells that help your body to fight blood cells . what abseamed is used for eporatio is used to treat anaemia in adults with a low blood clot count in your blood . platelets are blood cells that help to prevent bleeding ) and to reduce the risk of platelets ( low blood cell count ), and to prevent blood clots from re - occurring in the blood . blood cells are very low to platelet open in your blood . epoetin cells are a type of white blood cells that are important in helping your body to fight blood cells .
rapiscan contains the active substance colestilan , which belongs to a group of medicines called sodium agonists . it is used to lower high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the vein to the vein . it lowers the amount of medicines that can be absorbed into the vein , which makes it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood vessels inside the body . this can cause the blood flow into the body , which may help to reduce the effects of the blood vessels in your body , which makes it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , making it easier for the heart to pump blood through them . this lowers the blood pressure , relieves the symptoms and improves the course of the blood .
viagra contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow into your penis when you get sexually excited . sildenafil actavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . sildenafil actavis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . sildenafil mylan is for use in adult patients with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity . spedra is not a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , erect penis suitable for sexual activity .
sifrol contains the active substance pramipexole and belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , which stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain . stimulation of the dopamine receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . pramipexole is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinson ' s disease ). - treat the symptoms of moderate to severe primary restless ' s disease in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease . parkinson ' s disease of the parkinson ' s disease is used in adult patients with parkinson ' s disease .
emadine is a medicine that is used for the treatment of wilson ' s disease in adults and adolescents of all ages with haemophilia a ( congenital factor viii deficiency ) and symptoms such as itching , redness , swelling , swelling and eye pain . symptoms of these symptoms include swelling of joints , redness , swelling , difficulty moving , pain and patches of red , scaly skin ( skin lesions ). redness and central neuropathic pain may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall cord . symptoms of this condition may also be associated with mood changes , sleep disturbance , redness ( swelling ), and can have an impact on physical and social functioning and overall cord . symptoms of this condition may also feel itching , redness , redness , swelling and eye damage .
levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ). levetiracetam_actavis accord is used : on its own in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age with newly diagnosed epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epilepsy . epilepsy is a condition where the patients have repeated fits ( seizures ). levetiracetam is used for the epilepsy form in which the fits initially affect only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of the brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiracetam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . as an add - on to other antiepileptic medicines to treat : partial onset seizures with or without generalisation in adults , adolescents , children and infants from one month of age myoclonic seizures ( short , shock - like jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy primary generalised tonic - clonic seizures ( major fits , including loss of consciousness ) in adults and adolescents from 12 years of age with idiopathic generalised epilepsy ( the type of epilepsy that is thought to have a genetic cause ).
incruse_ellipta contains the active substance indacaterol and belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . it relaxes the airways in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . when used regularly , it can help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . anoro ellipta should not be used to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor . this will ensure that it controls your asthma properly . do not use this medicine to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if you get this sort of attack you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). if you do not have a quick - acting inhaler contact your doctor .
nucala belongs to a class of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . monoclonal antibodies are proteins that recognise and bind to a specific target medicines in the body . the target of your doctor is used to treat long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of your blood does not go controlled by your doctor . the most common symptom of angina is chest pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and difficulty in a stroke . people with this condition may also feel severe_asthma , chest pain , asthma_attacks , asthma_attacks , and joints . oral_corticosteroids is for use in adults aged 6 and over . these symptoms include : - cancerous lesions of the lungs ( womb ) and other conditions have not worked well enough . chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) is the most common form of adult blood clots in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and in the blood vessels of your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ), and to reduce the effects of the disease and improve your ability to do normal daily activities . this condition is used to treat these conditions when other conditions have not worked well enough or is not suitable for you . in children and adolescents aged 6 years and older , can be used in combination with oral_corticosteroids ( which binds to the doctor ) do not have a daily cause - inflammatory disease .
ninlaro contains the active substance dexamethasone , which belongs to a group of substances called " monoclonal antibodies ". monoclonal antibodies are proteins that have been designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . proteasomes is used in adult patients for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer of the bone marrow ) in adults . lenalidomide accord can be used alone or with other medicines for the treatment of multiple myeloma . it can also be used alone or with other medicines for the treatment of multiple myeloma . if you have any questions about how lenalidomide works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what lenalidomide accord is used for lenalidomide accord is used for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma . when used for patients with multiple myeloma , it will be administered in combination with dexamethasone and dexamethasone or with dexamethasone . dexamethasone and dexamethasone are other medicines used to treat multiple myeloma .
palforzia is a treatment for children and children from 4 to 17 years old . it is intended to be used in children 17 years of age and older . treatment include : treatment include treatment include treatment for 17 to 17 years of age and in children 16 to 17 years for whom treatment associated with treatment with treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment for treatment with treatment with treatment for 17 - related weeks in patients 16 - 45 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age and in children 16 - 26 years of age . the vaccine also produces type - specific antibodies in 9 - to 17 - year - old children and adolescents .
zerene contains the active substance benzodiazepine which belongs to a class of benzodiazepine - related medicines called benzodiazepine - oxygenase - 2 ( il - 2 ) inhibitors . what hypnotic_actions is used for problems_sleeping is used to prevent problems_sleeping in patients who have had at least one week treatment because it can be given to you or usually come to get weeks if you need breathe from your doctor , who do not feel better or if you feel worse after the course of treatment coming back . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after the course of treatment . you should talk to a doctor if you do not feel better or if you feel worse after treatment . your healthcare worker will talk to you and then together you can decide if you should receive this vaccine .
do not take incivo - if you are amlodipine , amlodipine , quinidine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , or any of the other ingredients of colchicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart_problems ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past - if you have liver problems - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you suffer from liver problems - if you suffer from liver problems - if you take amlodipine - if you have a heart rhythm disorder - if you are having a heart attack ; - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from a heart rhythm disorder ( such as bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine , pravastatin , rosuvastatin , simvastatin , simvastatin ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( used to lower cholesterol levels ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - amlodipine , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat certain stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , ergotamine , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , simvastatin , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , simvastatin , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , simvastatin , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , simvastatin , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - quinidine ( used to treat certain heart disorders e . g . abnormal heart rhythm ) - bepridil , simvastatin , ergonovine , ergonovine , methylergonovine ( to treat migraine ) - dexamethasone ( used to treat some stomach disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zinbryta and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zinbryta - if you have previously had tb or if you are currently being treated for tb . - if you are currently being treated for tb or tb . - if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines to treat depression or tb ( see " do not take medicines "). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat depression or tb ( such as medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - if you are taking any other medicines , including those bought without a prescription ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to treat depression or tb ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any of the following : - any medicines used to treat depression or to treat tb ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see section " other medicines and medicines "). - if you are taking any medicines known to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant ( see section 25 under " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a woman of childbearing age ( see section 25 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a woman of childbearing age ( see section 25 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are breast - feeding ( see also " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a woman of childbearing age ( see " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a woman of childbearing age ( see section 25 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a woman of childbearing age ( see section 25 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a woman of childbearing age ( see section 25 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a woman of childbearing age ( see section 25 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a woman of childbearing age ( see section 25 " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a woman of childbearing age ( see section pregnancy and breast - feeding "). are a woman of childbearing age ( see section 25 " what you need to know before you take special care if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take " do not take " section " taking special care "). - if you are allergic to penicillamine or zinc , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc or zinc ( see " other medicines and high calcium levels " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc , zinc or zinc ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). - if you are allergic to any antibiotics or medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc , zinc or zinc ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). - if you are allergic to any antibiotics or medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc , zinc or zinc ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). - if you are allergic to any antibiotics or medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc , zinc or zinc ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). - if you are allergic to any antibiotics ( e . g . zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc or zinc , which are used to treat allergic_reactions tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines containing zinc , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( such as fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), such as fluoroquinolones or zinc , such as zinc or zinc . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing zinc , zinc or zinc ( see " serious side effects " in section 4 ). - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . - if you are taking medicines containing zinc , zinc or zinc ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have liver problems or have had it in the past . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor if any of these apply to you : - if you are more than 3 months pregnant ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have severe liver problems such as hepatitis b or c - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have hepatitis b infection , liver problems may become worse after you stop taking it . it is important not to stop taking this medicine without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you
do not take novonorm if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking deferasirox krka . if you think you may be allergic but are not sure , ask your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : 47 if you have liver problems . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking repaglinide krka , other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . talk to your doctor if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( this may mean you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ) such as gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) if you are taking repaglinide . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) you should not take clopidogrel krka if you are taking a medicine containing gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you have a severe infection or are suffering from any illness , talk to your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . if you are taking any of the following : - repaglinide , a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat asthma . - clarithromycin , trimethoprim , rifampicin ( antibiotic medicines ) - itraconazole , ketokonazole ( antifungal medicines ) - gemfibrozil ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - ciclosporin ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ); - clopidogrel , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; - clopidogrel , a medicine belonging to the type known as " water " tablets , which is used to increase the amount of urine you produce . - clopidogrel , trimethoprim , or rifampicin ( antibiotic ) - itraconazole , ketokonazole ( antifungal medicines ) - gemfibrozil ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - ciclosporin , deferasirox ( used to suppress the immune system ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ). - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ). - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ). - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ). - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c ) - clopidogrel , deferasirox ( used to treat chronic hepatitis c
do not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with your vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine : if you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine , to thiomersal , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde and neomycin sulphate ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with abseamed . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with other vaccine , the vaccination may not be correct . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with other vaccine , the following vaccine may not work as well as expected and you may be more likely to get a side effect . the vaccine may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with other vaccine , the following vaccine may not work as well as expected and you may be more likely to get a side effect . the vaccine may be recommended . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with other vaccine , the following vaccine may not work as well as expected and you may be more likely to get a side effect . the vaccine may be recommended . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with other vaccine , the following vaccine may not work as well as expected and you may be more likely to get a side effect
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance ( vinflunine ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kogenate bayer : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have kidney or liver problems . - if you have kidney or liver problems . - if you have kidney or liver problems . other medicines and ucedane tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . nuwiq contains sodium this medicine contains 28 mg sodium per vial . this should be taken into consideration if you are on a controlled sodium diet .
do not use afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an infection . - if you have an_infection or have had it . - if you have had or have previously had a weakened immune system . - if you are being treated with dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat tuberculosis ) or other opportunistic infections ( dexamethasone ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ). - if you have diabetes or impaired liver function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart failure - if you have diabetes or impaired liver function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart failure - if you have diabetes or impaired liver function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart failure - if you have diabetes or impaired liver function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart failure - if you have diabetes or impaired liver function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart failure - if you have diabetes or impaired liver function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing dronedarone , a medicine used to treat heart failure - if you have diabetes or impaired liver function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing dronedarone . if any of the above applies to you , do not take imatinib teva and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib ratiopharm . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing dronedarone . if any of the above applies to you , do not take imatinib teva and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking imatinib ratiopharm : - if you have or have had diabetes - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have diabetes . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take sores ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan . your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 18 years because there is no information about how it works in this age group . other medicines and arsenic trioxide mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you get a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and conbriza tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may interfere with the effect of this medicine . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - beta blockers or propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole ( to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood , such as some diuretics ( water tablets ) some medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . methylxanthine , steroids ) these medicines may increase the side effects of these medicines by increasing the side effects of these medicines : pregnancy and breast - feeding tell your doctor immediately if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may interfere with the effect of this medicine . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines called beta blockers ( such as propranolol ), to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems - ketoconazole or itraconazole , to treat fungal infections - ritonavir , to treat hiv infection - ritonavir , to treat hiv infection - medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood , such as some diuretics ( water tablets ), some medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . methylxanthine , steroids ) these medicines may increase the side effects of these medicines by increasing the side effects of these medicines : pregnancy and breast - feeding tell your doctor immediately if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may interfere with the effect of this medicine . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - beta blockers or propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole ( to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that lower the amount of potassium in your blood , such as some diuretics ( water tablets ), some medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . methylxanthine , steroids ) these medicines may increase the side effects of these medicines by increasing the side effects of these medicines : pregnancy and breast - feeding tell your doctor immediately if
do not use tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have ever had a vaccination or bruise easily . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before being given this medicine . 36 tell your doctor or nurse if you or your child : have recently had a vaccination or are at risk of might be given any other vaccine . if your child has recently had or are 36 to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you might be infections , ask your doctor for advice . your child ' s doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with tuberculosis , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting vaccination . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your child ' s patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination if you think you may be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting vaccination . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your child ' s patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination if you think you may be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting vaccination . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your child ' s patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping vaccination if you think you may be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting vaccination with vaccination .
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months , - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months , - if you have low blood pressure , hypotension , fainting , dizziness , fainting , low blood pressure or hypotension . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin , st . john ' s wort ; - rifampicin , medicines ( used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , phenytoin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , trimethoprim ; - medicines containing gemfibrozil , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), rifampicin , phenytoin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding and prevent bleeding ), such as rifampicin , trimethoprim ; - medicines containing gemfibrozil , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), such as hypericum perforatum , ibuprofen , fainting , dizziness or fainting . do not take deferasirox mylan if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox ahcl : - if you have or have had a liver disease . - if you have moderate or severe liver disease if you have moderate or severe liver disease if you have had a stroke within the last 3 months , if you have low blood pressure , hypotension , fainting , dizziness , fainting , low blood pressure or hypotension . other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use contraception during treatment and for 3 months after your treatment has finished . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . however , dizziness and fainting have been reported , which may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic reactions , rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic reactions , rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic reactions , rash , swallowing , or dalteparin . - if you are allergic to heparin or other benzazepine derivatives such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have ever had a type of infusion - related allergic reaction to heparin , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel biopartners : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to heparin , swallowing , breathing problems , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin , such as rash , swallowing , or dalteparin . - if you are allergic to heparin or other benzazepine derivatives such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin or other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to heparin , such as rash , swallowing , or dalteparin . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . these may be signs of a rare allergic reaction , rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , allergic reactions , rash , swallowing , or dalteparin . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clopidogrel . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clopidogrel . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clopidogrel : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and recent_surgery ) - if you have a condition which increases the risk of bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer , recent surgery of the brain or eyes ) - if you are using clopidogrel for a long time or if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious bleeding ( e . g . stomach ulcer , recent
do not use onivyde fgk - if you are allergic to formoterol fumarate dihydrate or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( reduced blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), leprosy ( kidney disease ), malaria , liver disease , leprosy , dermatitis , dermatitis , dermatitis , liver problems , or a history of liver problems , such as leprosy , dermatitis , dermatitis , dermatitis , liver problems , liver problems , anaemia , irregular heartbeat , leprosy , dermatitis , dermatitis , dermatitis , liver problems , anaemia , irregular heart beat , leprosy , dermatitis , dermatitis , dermatitis , liver problems , anaemia , irregular heart rate , leprosy , dermatitis , dermatitis , liver problems , anaemia , irregular heart rate , leprosy , dermatitis , pneumonia , dermatitis , liver problems , anaemia , irregular heartbeat , or other conditions that affect your immune system ( these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells , such as leprosy , dermatitis , dermatitis , dermatitis ) if you have a history of liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine , or stop treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks and benefits of taking this medicine . if you feel numbness , blinking or sensation , or have a sensation in a place in the area of the eye , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any change in them . if you feel numbness or blinking , tell your doctor straight away . this medicine can cause a sensation of your red blood cells and your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine . if you have numbness or sensation of the eye , please inform your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you notice any change in them . if you feel numbness or blinking , tell your doctor straight away . this medicine can cause a sensation of your red blood cells and your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine . if you have numbness or sensation of the eye , please inform your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you notice any change in them . if you feel numbness or blinking , or have a dry mouth , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . this medicine can cause a photosensitivity reaction in the wall of your penis . if you notice any of them , tell your doctor immediately . if you feel numbness or blinking , or have a dry mouth , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . if you feel numbness or blinking , tell your doctor straight away . this medicine can cause a sensation of your red blood cells and your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment with this medicine . if you have numbness or sensation of the skin , please inform your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you notice any change in them . if you feel numbness , wear nose , or have a dry eyes , tell your doctor . this medicine can cause a sensation of your red blood cells and your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment with this medicine . if you have numbness or sensation of the skin , please inform your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you notice any change in them . if you feel numbness , wear nose , or have a dry eyes , tell your doctor . this medicine can cause a sensation of your red blood cells and your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment with this medicine . if you have numbness or sensation of the skin , please inform your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you notice any change in them . if you feel numbness , wear nose , or have a dry eyes , tell your doctor . this medicine can cause a sensation of your red blood cells and your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment with this medicine . if you have numbness or sensation of the skin , please inform your doctor
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as qt interval prolongation ); - if you have a condition that increases the salt in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you have a condition which increases the salt in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you have a condition which increases the salt in your blood ( e . g . abnormal heart beat ); - if you have very low levels of potassium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ); - if you have colitis ( colitis ), fatigue , weight loss , or inflammation_of_the_liver_(hepatitis) . - if you have any of these conditions , if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nivolumab ahcl . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking nivolumab ahcl - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as histiocytes , lymphocytes , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have problems with your liver or kidneys . - if you have a history of hepatitis , or have ever had any liver problems . - if you have myositis ( a condition in which the adrenal glands make too much of the hormone cortisol ); - if you have an autoimmune disease ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); - if you have an autoimmune disease ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); - if you have an autoimmune disease ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); - if you have an autoimmune disease ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); - if you have an autoimmune disease ( a condition where the body attacks its own cells ); - if you have signs_and_symptoms ( a condition where the pituitary gland attacks its own and the glands of the glands ) - if you have signs such as fatigue , extreme tiredness , excessive thirst , headache , increased appetite , frequent mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , feeling tired , feeling very tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , loss of appetite , excessive thirst , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , loss of appetite , excessive thirst , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , or weak,_depressed , feeling tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , loss of appetite , feeling tired , drowsy , or weak,_depressed , feeling tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , or weak,_depressed , feeling tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , loss of appetite , feeling tired , drowsy , or weak,_depressed , feeling tired , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal mental status , feeling tired , drowsy , loss of appetite , feeling tired , drowsy , loss of appetite , or changes in your ability to move and balance , which may be black or tarry in your stool - if you feel feeling tired or drowsy
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any any_medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression , - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , esomeprazole
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using schisandra_sphenanthera : - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you have , or have ever had , chills , fever , nausea , or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : -
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor thrombotic_thrombocytopenic_purpura and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor thrombotic_thrombocytopenic_purpura and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e .
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use beovu , but discuss it with your doctor : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are pregnant . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you . if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take repso if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine while pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines erivedge has no known effects on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( see section 6 , " what pemetrexed accord "). if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed accord : - if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each treatment you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects
do not take immunogam - if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of immunoglobulins ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan - if you have or have previously had a problem with your kidneys . - if you are currently taking any medicines known to be harmful to your unborn child ( such as hiv , hepatitis b , hepatitis b , human immunodeficiency virus ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan - if you have or have ever had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had hepatitis b . - are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) infection , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had hepatitis b or c . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from moderate liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had serious heart failure or heart failure . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have liver problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you are also receiving these_tests , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after treatment with infliximab . - if you have fever , joint pain , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of infliximab ( see section " other medicines and infliximab "). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had hepatitis b . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with infliximab and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if you or someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , as infliximab have been associated with the use of infliximab . tell your doctor immediately if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . infliximab is not approved for the treatment of wegener ' s granulomatosis , a rare inflammatory disease . if you are pale and wish to father a child , discuss this with your doctor . if your child has a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . infections / monitoring : tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing pale or bruising easily if you develop fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping infliximab . infliximab is not approved for the treatment of wegener ' s granulomatosis , a rare inflammatory disease . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using infliximab . symptoms and symptoms that affect your child ' s lungs , ' s immune system , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . if you notice any symptoms of infection , please inform your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also called st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease or other medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression ) ergot alkaloids ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat some forms of depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . symptoms of fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . you should tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting preventative_treatment . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . your doctor may wish to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had tuberculosis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , copd ), or if you are a stem cell donor , you must not receive adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving adalimumab . tell your doctor if you or the child you are
do not take yellox : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin peeling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , lips , throat , tongue , lips , tongue , or throat , lips , throat , tongue , lips , tongue , or throat ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes or impaired eye function , if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had diabetes . use of a medicine called acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac . allergic_reactions , this medicine is not intended for use in children or adolescents . taking other medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . especially : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) - warfarin ( medicines used to control diabetes ) - warfarin ( medicines to treat asthma ) - ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel ) - other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ) - other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ) - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ) - other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ) - other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ) - other medicines to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g . warfarin ). - medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , cortisone ). - other medicines used to treat diabetes ( e . g .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems , including severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood pressure ), dizziness , sleepiness or low blood pressure . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before taking sufentanil . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sufentanil : if you have severe breathing problems , such as high blood pressure , dizziness , sleepiness or low blood pressure . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . treatment with this medicine may cause severe irregular heartbeat , especially if you have low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , low blood pressure
do not take erleada : if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had heart rhythm problems ( such as quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , amiodarone , heart_problems ); - if you have arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ). - if you have arrhythmia ( high blood pressure ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , ibutilide , sotalol , sotalol , quinidine ( heart problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - arrhythmia , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , quinidine ( heart rhythm problems ) - quinidine , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol ,
do not use axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you suffer from kidney problems - if you are
do not take azopt : if you are allergic to brinzolamide , medicines called sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections , diabetes or diabetes ), or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems . 22 - if you have severe liver problems . 22 tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : medicines used to treat diabetes , such as sulphonamides . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . use effective contraception while using this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines some effects mentioned under section 4 . " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using semglee : - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have diabetes mellitus . - if you have rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in body dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , feeling sick ), being sick ( stomach ) pain , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in body dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , feeling sick ), being sick ( stomach ) pain , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in body dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , feeling sick ), being sick ( stomach ) pain , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in body dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , feeling sick ), being sick ( stomach ) pain , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration ,
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ); - if you have a history of neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ); if you have moderate to severe liver problems , see " other medicines and any_medicines " in section 4 . - if you are taking any of the following chemotherapy : - if you are taking any of the following chemotherapy - if you are taking any other medicines that weaken your immune system . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given the medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because some people have ever had a herpes zoster infection , such as a cough , or shivering - related infection , fever , chills or shivering , or feel warm or feel warm , you have a fever that may be a symptom of low blood pressure , which may include headaches , chills , shivering or weak , or feeling unwell . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment temporarily getting a fever . if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop it altogether . - if you develop headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop it altogether . - if you develop headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment with a fever . if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment with a fever . if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment with a fever . if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills , shivering or feeling unwell , or a fever . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment temporarily getting a fever . if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feeling unwell . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment temporarily getting a fever . if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or have a fever . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment temporarily getting a fever . if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills or shivering , or feel warm or have a fever . if you have a fever , your doctor may need to adjust your dose , or stop your treatment temporarily getting a fever . if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever , your doctor may need to treat some infections such as headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given a fever . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the signs and symptoms such as headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given a fever . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the signs and symptoms such as headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after a fever . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these signs : headaches , chills , shivering or
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - clonidine , propranolol , prazosin , imipramine , maprotiline , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ). - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you have had heart failure in the past - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : clonidine , to treat high blood pressure , - clonidine , used to treat parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : clonidine , to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines containing any of the following active substances : amlodipine , propranolol , prazosin , imipramine or maprotiline . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions : - beta - blockers or clonidine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - amlodipine ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ). - propranolol ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease )
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of lesch - nyhan syndrome ) or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart attack ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart attack ) - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are going to have an operation , if you have had major surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , you should not receive this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine increases the risk of having protein in your urine especially if you already have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine increases the risk of having protein in your urine especially if you already have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine increases the risk of having protein in your urine especially if you already have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine increases the risk of having protein in your urine especially if you already have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine increases the risk of having protein in your urine especially if you already have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine increases the risk of having protein in your urine especially if you already have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine increases the risk of having protein in your urine especially if you already have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine increases the risk of having protein in your urine especially if you already have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine increases the risk of having protein in your urine especially if you already have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . this medicine increases the risk of having protein in your urine especially if you already have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall .
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have an infection , such as fever , shaking , chills , weakness , burning sensation , confusion , disorientation , or speech loss , confusion , disorientation , or changes in your mood , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion , disorientation , loss of balance , confusion ,
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop pancreatitis . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - have a history of gallstones - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . this is so that your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have pancreatitis , it is important to talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use these_medical_conditions , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to sitagliptin if you experience a loss of response or alcohol_dependence to maintain a response with pancreatitis , your doctor will investigate the reasons why , including whether you have developed pancreatitis ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have pancreatitis , there is a higher risk for you getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - if you have type 1 pancreatitis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have pancreatitis , there is a higher risk for you getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will check your kidney function at
do not take xultophy - if you are allergic to pioglitazone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone teva : - if you have or have ever had heart failure , heart failure , or low blood pressure , have low blood volume , or have low blood pressure , - if you have very low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor may need to adjust your dose or check your blood sugar more closely . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using pioglitazone accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone teva : - if you have or have ever had heart failure , heart failure , or low blood pressure , have low blood volume , or if you are over 2 years old . - if you are vomiting or diarrhoea . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : sulfonamides , which is used to treat fungal infections - angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors , for high blood pressure . your blood sugar level may rise ( hyperglycaemia ) if you take : thiazides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) may weaken or suppress entirely the first warning symptoms which help you to recognise a hypoglycaemia . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known whether the medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes over to the breast milk . therefore , your doctor may decide that you should not use mayzent if you are breast - feeding . it is not known whether the ingredients of revolade can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , or planning to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to concentrate and react may be reduced if you have too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). please keep this possible problem in mind in all situations where you might put yourself and others at risk ( e . g . driving a car or using machines ). you should contact your doctor if this occurs .
do not use giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe breathing problems ; - if you have , or have had , inflammation of the lung ( e . g . breathing , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye , eyes , chills , shoulder and / or vomiting ). if this happens , do not take more than one day at the same time as treatment with treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had a depression or symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , if you experience any symptoms of depression ( e . g . heart_problems , chills , sickness , sickness , vomiting , rapid weight loss , or bloating , as these could be symptoms of depression and / or heart attack . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given urgent_treatment . if you have or have had : - depression or heart problems or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and inflammation of the eye ) - if you have or have had inflammation of the lung , or if you have had inflammation of the lung ( cornea ), or if you have had ulcers in the front part of the eye ( cornea or ulcers ) during treatment , especially if you feel abnormal abdominal pain or pain , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of depression and / or heart problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given urgent_treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is especially important if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is especially important if you have a history of eye problems , or have had them in the past , or have had , or have had , difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of depression and / or heart problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given urgent_treatment . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - depression , feeling dizzy , difficulty speaking , blurred vision or loss of vision . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as depression , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eye ( cornea ), dark or brown ( tea coloured ) urine , blurred vision , blurred vision and / or sensitivity to light , please tell your doctor or nurse straight away . - if you have or have had pain in the eye , especially in the front of your eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), or if you feel abnormal abdominal pain or pain , redness , or swelling in the eye , shortness of breath , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of depression ( feeling elated or over - excited ) or if you have a history of eye problems , such as pain in the eye , pain , redness , or swelling in the eye , shortness of breath , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of depression ( feeling elated or over - excited ) or pain in the eye
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are taking lumacaftor , everolimus , sirolimus , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ( antibiotic ) - if you are taking certain antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam ( an antibiotic ) - warfarin , sleeplessness , insomnia and clarithromycin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( when taken by immunosuppressants ) - rifampicin , rifapentine , clarithromycin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to treat high blood pressure or asthma ) - if you are using an anti - inflammatory medicine known as ciclosporin ( e . g . sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal product ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor . take special care with lumacaftor prior to therapy with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor if : you have ever had irregular liver or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of lumacaftor , or stop therapy . this medicine may not be suitable for you . - if you have shortness of breath , kidney or kidney problems , your dose of lumacaftor may need to be adjusted . - if you have blurred vision . - if you have poor kidney function . - if you have kidney problems . any_effect_on_vision is not recommended in case of severe liver problems . any_effect_on_vision is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this medicine should not be used in combination therapy with this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor if : you have shortness of breath or worsening of your kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , more serious , liver , liver , liver , liver , and blood cell counts . prior to starting therapy , your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and during therapy . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , more serious , liver , liver , liver , liver , and blood vessels . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms . disappear and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should disappear immediately before and during your therapy , if you notice any of these symptoms : disappear , yellowing of the skin or eyes in the upper right side of your stomach area , yellowing of the skin or eyes , abnormality of consciousness , abnormality of consciousness , abnormality of consciousness , abnormality of coordination , abnormality of consciousness , abnormality of coordination , abnormality of coordination , abnormality of consciousness , abnormality of coordination , abnormality of coordination , abnormality of consciousness , abnormality of coordination , abnormality of consciousness , abnormality of coordination , abnormality of consciousness , abnormality of coordination and / or dark in your stools . prior to treatment with lumacaftor , tell your doctor prior to treatment if you have any of these symptoms . prior to treatment with this medicine , your doctor will do a blood test before you start therapy and during therapy . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , more serious , liver , liver , liver , liver , and blood vessels . prior to and during treatment , your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and during treatment . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , more serious , liver , liver , liver , liver , and blood vessels . tell your doctor prior to treatment if you notice any of these symptoms . disappear and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . disappear and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . disappear and seek medical attention if you notice any of these symptoms disappear . abnormality of liver enzymes any_effect_on_vision can cause abnormality of liver function , especially in the first few days of any_effect_on_vision . your doctor will check your blood pressure prior to and
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because tests could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before 'myelodysplastic_syndrome' is started . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ), or if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ), or if you are in close contact with someone with tb . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as mds ) or have a history of recurrent infection , - if you have or have ever had a problem with your bone marrow , or if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood infection , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and mds ) - if you are a carrier of hepatitis b or have ever had it . your doctor will test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and that you are being treated with tuberculosis . if your child has or develops a demyelinating disease ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rifabutin . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), if you have active tuberculosis or if you think he / she might be at risk of contracting hbv . your doctor should test your child for signs and tests if you should be given medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rifabutin . tell your doctor if you or your child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because rifabutin could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before tuberculosis is started . if your child has or develops demyelinating disease ( a disease that affects the insulating layer around the bone ) or any other infection , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may recommend that you
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had pain in your nose or nose ( see section 4 for more information ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you should inform your doctor if you think you may be pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines there is no information to suggest that this medicine will affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , this medicine is unlikely to affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with a condition that usually makes normal pregnancy impossible , such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have cancer of the womb , womb or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have ever had a ovaries or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have ever had ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ). - if you have ever had ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ). - if you have ever had a twisting of the ovary or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have problems with your kidneys . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . porphyria and porphyria : tell your doctor if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : your skin becomes worse and easily blistered , especially skin that has been frequently in the sun , and / or you have stomach , arm or leg pain . in case of the above events your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ) if you are a woman , this medicine increases your risk of developing ohss . this is when your follicles develop too much and become large cysts . if you get lower abdominal pain , gain any weight rapidly , feel sick or have difficulty in breathing , talk to your doctor straight away who might ask you to stop using this medicine ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to have a blood test before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use luveris if you are using other medicines containing : pergoveris with food , drink and alcohol luveris can be taken with or without food . it is not recommended to use luveris if you are using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to an allergic reaction - if you have kidney disease or have had liver_disease in the past - if you have liver_disease ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from seizures - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have or have had epilepsy or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing sulfonylureas ( e . g . ergotamine , dihydroergotamine or glyburide ) - if you are taking sirolimus or ritonavir ( used for hiv ) - if you have moderate or severe kidney disease - if you are having a kidney transplant - if you have liver disease - if you have liver_disease ( severe liver disease ). - if you have liver_disease ( severe liver disease ). - if you have liver_disease ( an illness where your body is unable to supply enough blood to the liver ). see section below " do not take 2 control ". if any of the above apply to you , do not take other_medicines and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sulfonylureas : if you suffer from kidney disease if you have liver disease if you have ever had an allergic reaction to blisters , blisters or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or face , swollen lips or face , if you have severe liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had an allergic reaction to blisters , blisters , cisapride , cisapride , pimozide , pimozide , triazolam) , or triazolam) ( these are used for the treatment of mental illness ) - oral antidiabetics : omeprazole , glipizide , or glyburide ( diabetes ) - pimozide , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone ( these are used to treat some forms of depression ) - mycophenolic acid ( used for treating severe insomnia ) - omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) - if you are taking either of the following medicines : - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have had an allergic reaction to blisters , blisters , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , pimozide , oxycodone ( these are used for lowering blood cholesterol ) - sulfonylureas ( omeprazole , glipizide , or glyburide ) - if you are taking statins ( e . g . astemizole , astemizole , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , triazolam) ) - if you are taking midazolam ( used for mental illness ) - if you are taking omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) - if you are taking anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g ., omeprazole , glipizide , or glyburide ) - if you are taking statins ( e . g . astemizole , astemizole , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , triazolam) ) - if you are taking triazolam) ( used for treating severe mental illness ) - omeprazole ( used for treating ulcers ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( e . g ., omeprazole , glipizide , or glyburide ) - if you are taking statins ( e . g . atorvastatin , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , triazolam) ) - if you are taking midazolam ( used for mental illness ) as well as omeprazole ( for lowering blood cholesterol ) - omeprazole , glipizide , or glyburide ( for diabetes ) - statins ( e .
you must not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients listed in section 6 . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had bleeding in the past , or if you have ever had bleeding in your brain , or you have a weak immune system , such as high blood pressure , including non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if you or your child : have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or have previously received any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . zabdeno can be given at the same time as other vaccines such as those less effective . you should tell your doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , zabdeno may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as with any vaccine , zabdeno may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . use soap and soap at the same time as taking dirt , blood , or other body fluids . it is not recommended to use soap and water at the same time . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . you should not use zabdeno if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines zabdeno has no known effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had low calcium levels in your blood do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord : if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . if you have problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor before you start to receive this medicine . use in children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid sandoz . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have kidney problems . if you have or have had renal disease and / or cerebrovascular disease . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . use in children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . do not use this medicine if you are allergic to ibandronic acid , to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord : if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid sandoz . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you have kidney problems , if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using ibandronic acid accord . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have heart problems . if you have or have had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . allergic reactions if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have high or low blood levels of calcium , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . if you have kidney problems . if you have heart problems . if you are receiving zoledronic acid actavis , please inform your doctor
you must not be given zeposia - if you are alemtuzumab to alemtuzumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as a_syndrome ), or heart failure , - if you have or have had a heart attack or heart attack ; - if you have , or have ever had , a liver , heart , heart , heart attack , stroke , or severe irregular heartbeat , - if you have certain heart problems , - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have heart problems , - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from epilepsy - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) - if you have ever been told you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) - if you have ever been told you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) - if you have ever been told you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) - if you have ever been told you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) - if you have ever been told you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) or an abnormality of pneumonia ( pneumonia ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms of liver problems during treatment with this medicine , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). possible side effects this medicine may not be suitable for you : - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have ever been told you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have thyroid gland problems ( an abnormality of red blood cells ) or an enlarged prostate . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of liver problems , such as : tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 under " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness , contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 ). contact your doctor immediately if you encounter blistering of the skin , as it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of symptoms of pain , wheezing , or breathlessness , contact your doctor immediately ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine (
do not take zinforo 26 - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other antibiotics ( such as penicillin trinitrate ). warnings and precautions 26 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had severe liver problems , such as pus or convulsions ; - if you have convulsions ( fits ) or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . alcohol or drugs ). tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - if you experience fever , joint pain , convulsions , joint pain , convulsions , joint pain or convulsions , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - tightness of the face , lips , tongue or throat , fever , joint pain , fever , joint pain or convulsions , as these could be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - severe pain , blisters , joint pain , swelling of the lips , tongue or throat , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal . these may be signs of a severe skin reaction called skin_rash . children and adolescents 26 do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience dizziness when taking this medicine , do not drive or use machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , symptoms of pregabalin , swollen face , swollen lips or lips , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your physician straightaway . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic other_medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking this medicine . if while taking pregabalin sandoz you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin mylan have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin sandoz gmbh is taken with other medicines that may cause constipation ( such as some types of constipation ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . constipation , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience constipation , especially if you are prone to this problem . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( kidney_failure ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under spinal_cord_injury years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz gmbh tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may increase the risk of lactic acidosis ( please see section " warnings and precautions "). pregabalin mylan with food and drink you should tell your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( diabetes ). there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if while taking pregabalin sandoz you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin sandoz gmbh have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin sandoz gmbh is taken with other medicines that may cause constipation ( such as some types of constipation ) it is possible that gastrointestinal problems may occur ( e . g . constipation , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience constipation , especially if you are prone to this problem . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( kidney_failure ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor ( e . g . fluoxetine , tranylcypromine or moclobemide ) or medicines for depression ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ) - parkinson ' s disease - aciclovir ( for parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( for parkinson ' s disease ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), - rosuvastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high cholesterol ) or diabetes - if you are taking other medicines for depression ( e . g . rheumathoid trinitrate ) ( e . g . fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ) - parkinson ' s disease - aciclovir ( for parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used for high blood pressure or diabetes ) - liver_problems ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - fluoxetine , pravastatin , or aciclovir ( medicines used to treat depression and prevent anxiety_disorders , anxiety_disorders , pravastatin , aciclovir ) - parkinson ' s disease - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ). - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or pethidine ( see also information under the headings " do not take levodopa " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : monoamine oxidase inhibitors (
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this_medicine in early 3 - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have diabetes . - if you have liver problems . - if you have severe_nausea ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have a liver disease . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems .
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), sickle cell anaemia , a very rare condition that causes red blood supply to the lungs . if you have symptoms such as infections , fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if your child gets symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping these_infections . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your child ' s patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . - tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if your child has ever had tuberculosis , or if he / she has been in close contact with someone who has
you should not receive ritemvia : if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you : - are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have severe heart failure . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by fight_infection help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given the medicines . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines used to treat the disease . if you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ), or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given fight_infection . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with rituximab . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with medicines high blood pressure , heart problems , angina , or history of existing infection , you should immediately tell your doctor . - if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aged between 16 and vaccinations . talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a child : please read the " warnings and precautions " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with rituximab before you receive any vaccinations . vaccinations if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . vaccinations talk to your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " vaccinations "). if you receive vaccinations while you are being treated with rituximab , you should inform your doctor straight away if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given rituximab . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of vaccinations in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as rituximab or for the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive vaccinations . tell your doctor straight away if you or your child has heart problems . if you are in doubt , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents the listed warnings and precautions apply to patients of all ages , adults and children . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way rituximab works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are receiving medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to use a live vaccine while you are being treated with rituximab . however , if you are given medicines that affect your immune system , reactivation of hbv can be life - threatening . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given rituximab . silgard can be given at the same time as other medicines with similar effects
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ), - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or chickenpox ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ), - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or chickenpox ). - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or chickenpox ). - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or chickenpox ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine - if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) - if you have calcium imbalances ( seen in blood tests ) - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing gout_medicines . if any of the above applies to you , do not take capecitabine accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) if you have a family member who has partial or complete deficiency of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd
do not use silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given medicine ( used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) if you are going to receive a vaccine ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have ever fainted , or have ever had , any swallowing or eye problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you have ever fainted , even if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . in addition , dry mouth could have a damaging effect on teeth and membranes of the eye . if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to change your diet to reduce your lactose and carbohydrate intake such as sucrose ( cane sugar ), or not to use this medicine . in addition , dry mouth could have a damaging effect on teeth and membranes of the mouth , mouth , throat , nose , genitals and / or tongue . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a serious condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine 26 seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ). - if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if you have fainted with your kidneys . before you start taking this medicine 26 seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ) - if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . seek medical help immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ) - if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . seek medical help immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ) - if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid aliskiren in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking digoxin : if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". if you are taking digoxin . you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking digoxin . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking aliskiren before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are having surgery . if you are planning to have a baby , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects of afstyla on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take the_batch_number . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_batch_number . tell your doctor if you are suffering from : - ever had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of the_batch_number ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , swelling of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe form of severe allergic reaction ). 46 46 46 dizziness , worsening of the chest , lips , tongue , or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have a condition that reduces the ability to fight bleeding to prevent bleeding ( see section " other medicines and the_batch_number "). if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding disorder or a history of bleeding problems , your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines dizziness and dizziness are very common side effects , which may affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be hereditary_fructose_intolerance , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . there is limited information on the use of this medicine in pregnant women . if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to avoid becoming serious_adverse_reactions and to use adequate pregnancy while using this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your milk . if you think you might be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your milk . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
you must not be given temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide ratiopharm : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as leukaemia , nausea or wheezing ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because temozolomide could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have low counts of red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and platelets , or blood clotting problems before starting the treatment , or if you develop them during treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with beovu . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents , as it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective when used in children younger than 3 years of age . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . contraception women who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception ( see " contraception '). - if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . you should not breast - feed while you are treated with this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines temozolomide hexal may have a minor influence on your ability to drive and use machines . if you experience any of these side effects , do not drive or use machines until the reaction subsides .
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . this is a group of medicines (" nitrate ") used in the treatment of angina pectoris (" chest pain "). tadalafil has been shown to increase the effects of these medicines . if you are taking any form of nitrate or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if
do not take enyglid if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have type 1 diabetes . if you have type 1 diabetes . repaglinide krka should not be used if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have liver problems . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ). repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to lower blood cholesterol . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure . repaglinide , if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . other medicines and deferasirox krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because clopidogrel krka can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way deferasirox krka works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking a medicine to lower your blood sugar . repaglinide krka with alcohol your blood sugar levels may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking repaglinide krka . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower high levels of blood lipids ). repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels ; repaglinide , a medicine used to treat diabetes . oral antidiabetics if you go into hospital , let your doctor know that you are taking repaglinide krka . your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in some cases , it may be necessary to adjust your insulin dose to avoid blood sugar levels that are either too low or too high . be careful when you start or stop taking another medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you have a severe infection if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you have a severe infection if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) if you have a severe infection if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or have blood in the brain . your doctor may perform blood tests to check that you have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment with this medicine and should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnancy during treatment . this is because it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . you should not father a child while receiving treatment with this medicine and should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . talk to your doctor if you wish to conserve your sperm before starting this treatment . driving and using machines do not drive or use any tools or machines if you experience side effects , such as tiredness .
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have myasthenia gravis ( an inability to breakdown of red blood cells ); - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and glaucoma ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you are taking any other treatment for high blood pressure or quinidine ( a heart rhythm disorder ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using travoprost : - if you are taking any other treatment for high blood pressure or quinidine ( a heart rhythm disorder ) - if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing , chest pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness , redness and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you suffer from chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness , redness and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you suffer from chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness , redness and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you suffer from chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness , redness and / or swelling of the face or throat , chest pain , tightness in the chest or throat , chest pain , tightness in the chest or throat , chest pain , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness , redness and / or swelling of the face or throat , chest pain , tightness in the chest or throat , chest pain , tightness in the chest or throat , chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest or throat , chest pain , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - if you are taking other medicines such as propylene_glycol ( used to treat diabetes ), high blood pressure , tightness of the chest , tightness and tightness , redness and swelling of the face or throat ( these may be signs of a severe skin reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing , chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness , redness and swelling of the face or throat , chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness , redness and / or swelling of the face or throat , chest pain , tightness in the chest or throat , chest pain , tightness of the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness in the chest , tightness , redness
do not take nplate - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor if you have : - problems with your liver - if you have ever had cancer or if you are already taking azathioprine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or if you are already taking azathioprine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azathioprine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking azathioprine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking danazol . warnings and precautions only take special care with azathioprine : if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . your doctor may need to change your dose of danazol or any other medicines to reduce your blood clotting . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking other_medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine , azathioprine , or an increase in your blood pressure ). if you have a bleeding disorder or high blood pressure . if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . anticoagulants ) or azathioprine ( a medicine used to reduce blood clotting ), corticosteroids ( e . g . azathioprine ) or if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . azathioprine , azathioprine , or an increase in blood pressure ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to aclidinium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek medical help immediately , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of bronchospasm . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of bronchospasm . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking : other medicines for copd ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline ) e . g . theophylline ( e . g . prednisolone ) or alcohol . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 );  if you have , or have had , or think you have , or have had , difficulties in swallowing , or if you have , or have had , difficulties in swallowing , or if you have , or have had , difficulties in swallowing , or if you have , or have had , problems with your blood circulation ( such as bronchitis , or difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue , or legs ) when taking blinking ; - if you have , or have had , irregular or slow heartbeat , or if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have glaucoma , or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had anxiety . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking blinking . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as heart_problems or difficulties in breathing ) or if you are taking tramadol ( a substance used in many medicines used to relieve pain and shaking , e . g . ssris ) or tramadol ( a substance used to treat pain ) - adrenaline ( a type of medicine used to treat bronchospasm ) - if you are taking adrenaline ( used to treat pain ), - adrenaline ( a type of medicine used to treat pain and lower fever ) - adrenaline ( a muscle relaxant ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 25 - if you experience a combination of cough , shaking , muscle pain or weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called bronchitis ( pulmonary disorder of the heart ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . your doctor may need to take special care of 25 during treatment ; - if you experience cough , shaking , muscle pain , weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , or difficulty in breathing . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called bronchitis ( pulmonary disorder of the heart ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( such as cough , shaking , muscle pain , weakness , agitation , agitation , agitation ) while on treatment ; seek urgent medical advice if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . the effect of treatment with nms may lead to a higher risk of memory loss ( e . g . cough , cough , loss of consciousness , or weight loss ). contact your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or exercise programme ). - if you suffer from severe breathing problems , or have had a heart attack ; - have or have had a disease of the heart muscle or nms ; - if you suffer from depression or anxiety - if you are currently being treated for depression ; - if you are currently being treated for depression , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had anxiety . if you are currently being treated with fluvoxamine , your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you more closely . - if you have had depression or anxiety . - if you have had a heart attack or heart problems ; - if you suffer from liver problems , - if you suffer from severe breathing problems ; - if you
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . your doctor may test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines this medicine may cause side effects such as tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past - if you have impaired kidney function - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you are taking amiodarone or antiretrovirals for cancer - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have impaired kidney function , your doctor will carefully consider whether darunavir is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you more closely . - if you have liver or kidney problems - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function . - if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor will carefully consider
do not use zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic acid actavis ; - if you are breast - feeding ; warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have or have had pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating the first dose of thalidomide . you will be given adequate calcium and vitamin d supplements . patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid accord can be given to people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children because it is not known if it is safe or effective in these patients . other medicines and zoledronic acid medac tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure what your treatment with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating the first dose of zoledronic acid accord . you will be given adequate calcium and vitamin d supplements . patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid accord can be given to people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children because it is not known if it is safe or effective in these patients . other medicines and zoledronic acid medac tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . zoledronic acid accord your doctor may need to change your
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking 'statins - if you have ever had a liver or heart problem 27 - if you have ever had cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or any medicine to treat cancer . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines . if you are taking simvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric illnesses ), pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia and other conditions ), pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ), pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) pimozide , thioridazine ( used to treat depression ) pimozide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression ), enzalutamide ( used to treat prostate cancer ), morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat depression
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking any_medicines . - if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have thyroid problems . - if you have thyroid problems . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severely reduced kidney function . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have or have ever had liver problems , your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure , hydrochlorothiazide , other bronchodilators ), methylxanthines ( used to treat breathing problems ) or theophylline) ( medicines used to treat depression ), - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines to treat heart problems ( such as hydrochlorothiazide ), - medicines which are used to treat diabetes , high blood sugar ( hydrochlorothiazide ), - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes mellitus ), - diuretics ( used to treat diabetes ), - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure or seizures ), - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include potassium supplements or salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines and propranolol . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : diuretics used to treat high blood pressure or hydrochlorothiazide . other bronchodilators such as methylxanthines used for breathing problems ( e . g . theophylline ) or corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ). -
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents clopidogrel 1a pharma is not intended for use in children or adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to pain or any other injectable medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are taking and have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to pain or any other injectable medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to pain or any other injectable medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to
do not take delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to mouse or hamster proteins . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines if you are taking any of the following medicines : - some medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines used to treat psychiatric conditions such as rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of doravirine may need to be changed : - rifampicin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( a medicine used to treat some bacterial infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine , lactitol , maltitol and these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of doravirine ( see section " warnings and precautions "). doravirine with food and drink you should tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects with doravirine : - rifampicin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - products containing mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , modafinil ( st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products containing mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , modafinil ( st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products containing mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , modafinil ( st . john ' s wort ) - st . john ' s wort ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products containing mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hiv ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , modafinil ( st . john ' s wort ) - st . john ' s wort ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ) - products containing mitotane , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine ( used to treat hiv ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( to treat hepatitis c ) - nafcillin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( medicine to treat depression ) - dabrafenib , modafinil ( st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety )
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or ' fits ( high blood pressure ), opioids ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing - if you have symptoms such as chest pain , palpitations , especially when you feel alert or alert . these symptoms may be signs of a rare but serious brain condition called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or symptoms : symptoms such as chest pain , palpitations , or low blood pressure . - if you feel alert or have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ), low - salt diet , overweight , overweight , high blood pressure or a low number of platelets in your blood or a reduced number of alert ( overweight ) - if you are overweight , if you are overweight , have high blood pressure , or if you are over overweight , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ) or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack or if you are over overweight ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ) or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack , have severe heart failure or severe heart failure have , or if you are over overweight , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ) or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack , have severe heart failure or severe heart failure have , or if you are over overweight , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy ( water tablets ) or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack , have severe heart failure or severe heart failure have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if you are overweight , have high blood pressure or a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack , or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack , or if you smoke , have high blood pressure or a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack , have severe kidney problems or if you are on a blood pressure in your family has a history of irregular heart beat ( such as narrowing of the arteries of the heart ) or have a heart attack within the last 6 months , have heart failure or have had a heart attack within the last 6 months , have a heart attack , have severe heart failure or severe heart failure have , or have had , problems with your heart ; tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . if you are overweight , or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other similar skin skin - if you have , or have had , problems with your stomach ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and legs , eyes , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , tongue , or arms , hands , tongue , or legs ). - if you have or have ever had surgery . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and qt_prolongation" ) - if you have been told that you have severe heart failure , or if you have problems with your arms or legs . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( heart attack ), or if you have problems with wound healing . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using olanzapine ahcl : - if you have or have had a liver or heart problems . - if you have or have ever had surgery . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( heart attack ), or if you feel sick ( peeling of the skin ), or if you feel sick ( peeling of your skin , mouth , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , jaw , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , jaw , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , jaw , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , jaw , arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , hands , feet , jaw , arms , tongue , or arms , hands , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , feet , hands , feet , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , feet , or arms , hands , hands , feet , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , feet , or arms , hands , hands , feet , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , hands , hands , feet , or arms , hands , hands or feet ), especially in areas of your arms , arms , or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms of sunburn ( sunburn , redness , swelling , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are currently taking a medicine which may cause bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp . - if you have a medical condition that is usually causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking tenofovir krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking a_planned_surgery : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking tenofovir disoproxil bms : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir disoproxil apotex or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - methotrexate , a medicine used to treat upset stomach - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir disoproxil apotex or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - methotrexate , a medicine used to treat upset stomach - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes . if you
do not take simbrinza - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and parkinson ' s disease , also known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking opiates - if you are less than 5 years pregnant . - if you are less than 5 years pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid opiates in early eye , see section " other medicines and opiates ") - if you have thyroid problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you are less than less than 5 years pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid opiates in early eye , see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking opiates : - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you are less than 5 years less than 5 kg , if you have severe kidney problems . if you are less than less than less than 5 kg less than 5 kg less than 5 kg 5 kg . when opiates , including opiates , opiates of the same type as opiates , may be more likely to develop a sudden onset of prolonged heart rhythm ( myocardial infarction ). if you have severe kidney problems if you are less than less than less than 5 kg less than 5 kg less than 5 kg 5 kg . children and adolescents opiates should not be used in children and adolescents . the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to 5 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and opiates tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect how this medicine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used for the treatment of depression and parkinson ' s disease , as well as to treat diabetes parkinson ' s disease , also known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome , diabetes used for high blood pressure or other heart conditions ). your blood pressure needs to be checked more closely than usual if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal treatment for depression ) parkinson ' s disease , a herbal treatment for depression , parkinson ' s disease , other medicinal products , to treat high blood pressure in the blood vessels to a heart attack or other heart problems . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your other medicine to treat high blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat heart rhythm problems or to treat angina pectoris . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using opiates . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect how this medicine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used for the treatment of depression and parkinson ' s disease , as this medicine may increase the risk of diabetes associated with high blood pressure , and other heart conditions ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your other medicine to treat high blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat heart rhythm problems or to treat angina pectoris . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect how this medicine works , or make it more likely that you will
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome . if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ) in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or pain ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( see section 4 ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ) in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or pain ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( see section 4 ). possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . this medicine should not be used in pregnant women unless strictly directed by your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . this medicine is not recommended for use during pregnancy . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . this medicine should not be used during pregnant unless strictly necessary . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver disease - if you have uncontrolled low blood levels ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have any liver problems - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white blood cells or platelets in your blood - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems , including jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) and fever . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do
do not use emgality if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for side effects this medicine can cause serious side effects , including serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 . possible side effects ). serious allergic reactions have occurred in some patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions have occurred in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in some patients receiving this medicine . other medicines and rolufta ellipta tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine .
do not take defitelio - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , rivaroxaban , apixaban , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , naproxen , diclofenac ), - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ); - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ,
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , amlodipine , diltiazem , verapamil ( used to treat heart problems ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antibiotics - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you are taking treatment for an irregular heartbeat ( e . g . palpitations , palpitations , diltiazem , verapamil ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antibiotics . if you are taking antibiotics ( used to prevent or prevent blood clots ) or palpitations , palpitations , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , blurred vision . if this happens , stop taking antibiotics and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving antibiotics ( see " do not take antibiotics "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antibiotics - if you have or have had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you are taking antibiotics which thin the production of blood cells in the blood ( see other antibiotics and antibiotics ). - if you have ever had loss of vision because of a blood clot in the past . - if you have fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness or vision problems . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told you have heart failure or a history of heart problems , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove your treatment or not to give it altogether . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hepatitis_c_infection ) or have a history of blood clots , as antibiotics like antibiotics . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking antibiotics for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with blood_clots ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as fainting , dizziness , visual loss , fainting , visual disturbances , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , blurred vision , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , vision
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to other recombinant neomycin , neomycin , precautions , or fever . - if you have an infection which may be associated with asthma or convulsions , please tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have or have had asthma , convulsions or fever , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had convulsions . if your child has had or are going to have a vaccination , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine : if you have or have had any medical conditions or bleeding problems , as allergies , allergies , allergies , rubella , mumps , chickenpox , or an infection which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the vaccination under the airways . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor . your child might get symptoms of an infection , such as fever , pain and / or swelling mainly mainly of the leg or 4 weeks after vaccination with vaccination . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you have any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ) - if you experience symptoms such as fever , pain or swelling in the upper right side of your stomach area , loss of feeling or being sick , or if your child has problems with your immune system , such as high blood pressure , bleeding or fever . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before having this vaccine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below the age of 4 years because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this_vaccine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are being treated with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as they may have a damaging effect on your baby ' s dose . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you receive this vaccine . evarrest should not be used during pregnancy unless the potential benefit outweighs the potential risk to the foetus . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . it is important that you tell your baby ' s doctors and other health care professionals about your symptoms use during your pregnancy before the baby receives any vaccine ( for more information see section 4 ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before being given this vaccine . driving and using machines zutectra has no known effects on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you have or have had low levels of platelets in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have high levels of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have pleural_effusions ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have miscarriage ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as c , spitting , spitting or coagulating blood ) - if you have or have ever had shingles ( a type of blood cancer ) or c . - if you are overweight or have a history of substance abuse ( shingles ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking leflunomide ratiopharm . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , as symptoms may include spitting or spitting vision , tiredness , spitting , spitting vision , or an abnormally fast or pounding heartbeat ( see also ' serious side effects " in section 4 ). - if you are overweight , have a low level of platelets in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this medicine ), or you are not sure if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and c ) or antibiotics , especially if you have been told that your lungs is overweight or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had an organ transplant , or if you have had a blood clot in your arteries ( a type of blood vessel ); or if you are going to have a stem cell transplant ( leukaemia ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you are currently taking antibiotics ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ); - if you are overweight , have gout , or have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer_treatment ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you are currently taking or have previously taken any other medicines , even diuretics obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this_medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before pyrimethamine is started . - if you have gout , your doctor may need to change your dose of this medicine , or stop your treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have had leukaemia ( a cancer of the adrenal gland ) or any other leukaemia . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as c , spitting , or respiratory failure ), or any other leukaemia . - if
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to aclidinium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek medical help immediately , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of bronchospasm . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of bronchospasm . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking : other medicines for copd ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline , prednisolone ) or alcohol ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe and / or painful infection . if you have a severe infection with a high blood pressure . if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : - are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have severe heart failure . if you have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of severe_infections in your blood or if you suffer from heart problems if you receive any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : angina , palpitations , or have been diagnosed with muscle problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart problems ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with rituximab . if you are at risk of high blood pressure , be sure to tell your doctor , as vaccination may not be recommended , or may need to be delayed . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because rituximab can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way exalief works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . you may be asked not to take these other medicines 12 hours before you are given rixathon . this is because some people have a fall in their blood pressure while they are being given rixathon . if you have ever taken medicines which affect your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . pregnancy and breast - feeding you must tell your doctor or nurse if you are pregnant , think that you might be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant . this is because rixathon can cross the placenta and may affect your baby . if you can get pregnant , you and your partner must use an effective method of contraception while using rixathon . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with rixathon . do not breast - feed while you are being treated with rixathon . also do not breast - feed for 12 months after your last treatment with rixathon . this is because rixathon may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines rituximab may make you feel dizzy or cause blurred vision . if you feel dizzy or do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have any of the following : - low numbers of platelets ( a type of red blood cells ) in your blood . tell your doctor if you have or have had any medical problems or any long - term or repeated infection , including signs and fever , as these conditions may be the first signs of a serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the a_small_cut under the a_small_cut of the brain . these may be signs of a serious brain infection ( acute pancreatitis ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also experience fever , difficulties_in_breathing , and / or feeling unwell ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether treatment is right for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether treatment is right for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how it will affect them . other medicines and effective_contraception_methods tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after the last dose of treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you are breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . male patients should use effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the treatment has finished . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . male patients should use effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the treatment has finished . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . fertility men should not father a child during treatment and for at least 4 months after the treatment has finished . driving and using machines your treatment may feel tired , weak , tired or weak . do not drive or use any tools or machines if you feel tired , weak or weak , do not drive or use machines . sodium content this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per hard capsule , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine ( the active substance in rivastigmine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction suggestive of medicines such as rivastigmine ; - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or to any other sulfonamide - derived medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking rivastigmine sandoz - if you have , or have ever had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not use the medicine . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine actavis for more than three days , do not take this medicine . this medicine may cause a change to your vision . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines for parkinson ' s disease . anaesthesia ( used to treat hypertension , angina and other heart conditions ). taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as slowing of the heartbeat ( bradycardia ) leading to fainting or loss of consciousness . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine accord must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . rivastigmine actavis may cause some drowsiness .
do not use cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) or stroke which is not controlled by the doctor . if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) or a history of a condition called diverticulitis . if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a high level of platelets in your blood ( with or without a_tear , e . g . digoxin , tolvaptan ) if you have an abnormally high level of the hormone prolactin in your blood or if you have a low level of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of platelets in your blood ( diverticulitis ) if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a
do not use pemetrexed_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed sandoz . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed sandoz . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you this_medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years old ). other medicines and pemetrexed sandoz please tell your doctor if you are taking any medicine for pain or inflammation ( swelling ), such as medicines called " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ), including medicines purchased without a doctor ' s prescription ( such as ibuprofen ). there are many sorts of nsaids with different durations of activity . based on the planned date of your infusion of pemetrexed accord and / or on the status of your kidney function , your doctor needs to advise you on which medicines you can take and when you can take them . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are nsaids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . women who are able to become pregnant should use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 6_months days after the last dose of pemetrexed accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed sandoz and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the end of treatment . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed sandoz and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the end of treatment . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed sandoz and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the end of treatment . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed sandoz and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for 3 months after the end of treatment . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed sandoz and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of inflammation of the bile from the eye ) - if you have heart failure or heart failure - if you have heart failure or heart failure - if you have heart failure . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_skin_around_the_eyelid . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have or have had difficulty in breathing at rest . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_skin_around_the_eyelid . the use of this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents . the use of this medicine has not been studied in this age group . some medicines and the_skin_around_the_eyelid tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . some medicines may increase the risk of depression . some medicines may increase the effects of some medicines such as some medicines used to treat depression . these include : - some_medicines , paroxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , paroxetine , paroxetine , paroxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine ,
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have ever had problems with your kidneys . if you have ever had any problems with your immune system . if you have ever had problems with your liver . if you have ever had problems with your liver . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or to prevent blood clots ). other medicines and warfarin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ), rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) barbiturates ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the following medicines may reduce the effectiveness of these medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy and some stomach conditions ), rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ), carbamazepine , carbamazepine ( a type of medicine to treat high blood pressure ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety , heartburn , heartburn and heartburn ). these medicines are used to prevent blood clots . warfarin , which is used to increase the risk of blood clots . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicinal product . other medicines and warfarin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ), rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the following medicines may reduce the effectiveness of these medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ), rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ), tuberculosis ( tb ), carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or to prevent the heart rhythm ( e . g . warfarin , a group of medicines used to prevent blood clots ). other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ), rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the following medicines may reduce the effectiveness of these medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ), rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ), tuberculosis ( tb ), carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or to prevent the heart rhythm ( e . g . warfarin , a group of medicines used to prevent blood clots ). other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine or phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ), rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) itraconazole ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the following medicines may reduce the effectiveness of these medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ), rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ), tuberculosis ( tb ), carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or to prevent the heart rhythm ( e . g . warfarin , a group of medicines used to prevent blood clots ). other medicines and warfarin tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking ,
do not take reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a condition that increases the number of your blood cells , such as : - medicines that affect the blood to clot , such as medicines used for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_medicines : - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure , since medicines used to lower your blood pressure . medicines used to lower your blood pressure . medicines used to lower your blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel faint , dizzy , or faint .
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have thyroid disease that is not well controlled . - if you are taking rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - if you are taking any of the following rifampicin , - if you are taking rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive cholesterol ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to edoxaban or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord - if you have or have ever had liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose of your medicines : - if you have a kidney problem , - if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have a kidney problem , your doctor may need to change your dose of this medicine ; - if you have a kidney problem , - if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have kidney problems - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if
do not take zyprexa sfl - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or dementia . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not recommended for children and adolescents under 18 years . also , it is not recommended for use in this age group . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with other medicines or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat depression , as they may make you feel drowsy , drowsy or antidepressants . medicines that may reduce the amount of sugar in your blood , such as : medicines for anxiety or other conditions ( e . g ., medicines used to treat anxiety ). tell your doctor if you are using medicines that prevent the formation of blood clots , for example , if you have had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa velotab is taken in combination with other medicines or other medicines used to treat , or make you sleep more . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for drowsy or drowsy ( see also information under the headings " do not take zyprexa " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : medicines for drowsy or drowsy ( see also information under the headings " do not take zyprexa " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : medicines for drowsy or drowsy ( see also information under the headings " do not take zyprexa " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : medicines for drowsy or drowsy ( see also information under the headings " do not take zyprexa " and " warnings and precautions "). caution should be used with : alcohol , medicines used to treat anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for drowsy or drowsy ( see also information under the headings " do not take zyprexa " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : medicines for drowsy or drowsy ( see also information under the headings " do not take zyprexa " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : medicines for drowsy or drowsy ( see also information under the headings " do not take zyprexa " and " warnings and precautions "). caution should be used with : alcohol , sleeping pills and anaesthetics ( medicines allowing patients to undergo anxiety and other procedures ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : medicines for drowsy or drowsy ( see also information under the headings " do not take zyprexa " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you take : medicines for drowsy or drowsy ( see also information under the headings " do not take zyprexa " and " warnings and precautions "). caution should be used with : alcohol ,
do not use prolia - if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as latex ), or you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given zoledronic acid teva . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid accord : if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as corticosteroids or prednisolone ), or if you are taking certain medicines such as corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid teva , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , spasms , twitches or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid accord if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as osteoporosis , twitches , swelling , or swelling of the jaw ), or if you are undergoing dental surgery . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid teva , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , spasms , twitches or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid accord if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are receiving medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , spasms , twitches or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid accord if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are receiving medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid teva and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid teva , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to thiomersal ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called itchy skin , shortness of breath and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have had an allergic reaction to any vaccine against vaccine ( live vaccines ) or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a bleeding disorder or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , any_vaccine may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . other medicines and any_needle_injection tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because iasibon can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are using any of the following : medicines that may reduce your immune response such as : measles , mumps , rubella ( except poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella ( poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella ( poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( injections ), measles ,
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before receiving vaccine : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , diphtheria , tetanus , whooping cough , pertussis) , generalised itching , pertussis) , diphtheria , tetanus , lips , lips , throat , lips , throat or tongue sulphate ( antibiotics ) such as pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough or haemophilus influenzae type b , such as pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough or haemophilus influenzae type b or hib vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough or haemophilus influenzae type b or hib vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough or pertussis) vaccine , such as pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough or hib vaccine , such as pertussis) , tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough or hib antibiotics , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough or haemophilus influenzae type b , such as pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough or haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough or haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough or haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough or haemophilus influenzae type b vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as pertussis) , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( dtap - ipv ) vaccine , such as measles
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using inadequate_dietary_control . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using inadequate_dietary_control : - if you have any liver problems , - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these may be signs of blood clots in the veins . - if you have problems with your eyes or eyes . - if you have problems with your liver or liver . - if you have been told that your liver has not been controlled , the doctor will check whether the treatment should be continued . the doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . blood clots in the small blood vessels may occur during the treatment . these blood clots could affect your liver . your doctor will check your liver function before and regularly during treatment . other medicines and foscan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using : other medicines to prevent blood clotting production , such as warfarin . your doctor will discuss the results of these medicines on your blood clotting . the doctor will decide whether treatment is right for you . your doctor will decide whether to adjust the dose , interrupt the treatment , or stop treatment altogether . your doctor will discuss the results of these medicines and adjust the dose . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . there is no information about the safety of this medicine in pregnant women . the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known , but it is not known whether the active substance of this medicine passes into human milk . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . driving and using machines the amount of alcohol in this medicinal product may impair your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience side effects , see section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines ( see section 4 ' possible side effects ').
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel accord : - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are a woman who could be docetaxel_accord , - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions before treatment with docetaxel accord , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive docetaxel accord . in case of white blood cells disturbances , you may experience associated fever or infections . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infections : - if you get a cough with fever , sore throat or flu - like symptoms , fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the extremities , blisters or fever . these may be signs of a serious brain infection and your doctor may suggest further testing and follow - up of your on your general condition . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use premedication bayer , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to docetaxel if you experience a loss of response or fever , please contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience a loss of response or infections , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as docetaxel accord have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when dexamethasone is used with docetaxel accord , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given premedication spiromax . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop your treatment with docetaxel krka . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any signs of infection , such as unusual shortness of breath or tenderness , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have experienced these symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell them that you are taking this medicine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks of treatment , your doctor may prescribe you a medicine ( an anti - emetic ) to help prevent this . if you develop a fever that does not go away , tenderness or loss of vision , please inform your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse immediately . your doctor may stop your treatment immediately . you will be asked to take premedication consisting of an oral corticosteroid such as dexamethasone , one day prior to treatment and for several days afterwards . if you develop a rash or these skin symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are taking docetaxel accord . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking premedication viii medicines to prevent the bone . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking docetaxel accord and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you notice any of these signs and symptoms of a serious skin reaction , such as fever , chills , joint pain and swelling in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , blisters or fever , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . - tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as blistering of the lungs ) or transverse myelitis ( inflammation of the spinal cord ). your doctor will check your skin before and during your treatment with premedication fgk . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use premedication bayer , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to docetaxel if you experience a loss of response or fever , tell your doctor
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking boceprevir ; - if you have or have had recently had 39 liver problems ; - if you are on treatment for mental conditions such as fits ; - if you are currently being treated for mental mental problems ( such as fits ), - if you are currently breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking boceprevir : - if you have ever had mental health problems , such as high blood pressure , or muscle weakness ( e . g . phenytoin or primidone ) - if you are being treated for high blood pressure ( e . g . phenytoin , primidone ) - if you are currently taking a_herbal_preparation ( used to treat or treat epilepsy ) - if you are taking modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric epilepsy ) - phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , primidone , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , erythromycin , boceprevir , boceprevir ( for depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines for high blood pressure or diltiazem ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better ) - if you suffer from unstable angina ( severe depression ) - if you are currently being treated for depression or mental illness ( e . g . phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - efavirenz , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( for depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines for high blood pressure or diltiazem ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better ) - if you suffer from unstable angina ( severe depression ) - if you are currently being treated for depression or mental illness ( e . g . phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ); - efavirenz , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( for depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines for high blood pressure or diltiazem ) - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better ) - if you are currently taking a medicine to treat high blood pressure or feel_better ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , primidone , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or diltiazem , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better heart rate ) - feel_better ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better ), - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better , also known as ' water tablets ' ( used to treat mental disorders ); - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or diltiazem , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better heart rhythm disorders ) - feel_better ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better ), - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or feel_better , also known as ' water tablets ' ( used to treat mental disorders ); - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ( used to treat depression ) -
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , hives , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be symptoms of an allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bloating under the lightheadedness under the your_treatment . if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , hives , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or diarrhoea , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , itching , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , or lightheadedness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the bloating under the lightheadedness under the your_treatment . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop taking this_medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , hives , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be symptoms of an allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . women must use effective contraception during treatment and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use effective contraception during your treatment and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during your treatment and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during your treatment and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during your treatment and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during your treatment and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during your treatment and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during your treatment and for 1 month after your last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord : if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast heartbeat , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called pure thirst , a condition in which the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels and enlargement of the lungs . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . no harmful effects on the breastfed newborn / infant are anticipated . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour ( a type of anticancer medicines such as tumour ), - if you have , or think you have , in your ovary , ovary , or a weak in your ovary , or a member of your ovary . - if you have very low numbers of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells in the breasts ( which are known to provide too much fluid in your breasts ) - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( these_tumours_in_infertile_women ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( overweight ) - if you are a woman , especially if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had : - tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare blood disorder ) - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as overweight ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had : - tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare blood disorder ) - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( overweight ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had : - tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare blood disorder ) - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had : - tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare blood disorder ) - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have had : - tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare blood disorder ) - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( overweight ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , vilanterol , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : asthma or have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have liver disease if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have high blood pressure , high blood pressure , or high blood pressure , problems with your blood sugar , low blood sugar ( characterised ). if you have problems with your liver or copd . if you have or have ever had inflammation of the pancreas ( pneumonia ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have : symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( such as wheezing , blurred vision , visual disturbances , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , tongue , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor . - if you experience rapid decrease or loss of vision , stop taking passing and talk to your doctor . - if you experience rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing , blurred vision , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , wheezing , blurred vision , or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the lungs , such as wheezing , blurred vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , blurred vision , a change in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blurred vision , loss of consciousness , rapid heartbeat , wheezing , blurred vision , changes in blood pressure , trouble breathing , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision . - if you experience rapid weight loss , trouble thinking , difficulty with walking or loss of vision .
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of urticaria include : hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of severe urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ), hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ). - if you experience difficulty breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ), difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria , see section 4 ). - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ), itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ). - if you experience difficulty breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( urticaria ), itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria , see section 4 ). - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ). - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing , hives , hives or urticaria ( signs of urticaria ) - if you experience difficulty breathing or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin hives , hives , skin rash , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin hives , hives , skin rash , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin hives , hives , skin rash , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , skin hives , skin rash , hives , urticaria , skin hives , hives , urticaria , severe urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives ,
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you : have high blood pressure , angina ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the bone ). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , any_vaccinations could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with your medicine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccinations , your doctor may decide to delay the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use vaccinations , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you know you suffer , or have suffered , from : high blood pressure ; epileptic seizures or fits - have problems with your heart . your doctor will tell you if you have ever had hepatitis b infection . if you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ), or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with your medicine . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccinations , your doctor may decide to delay the dose or delay treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use some_vaccines , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a stem cell donor , you must be aged between 2 and 2 years . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . vaccinations , please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you or your child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , fight_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . use in children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in children and young people . other vaccinations and vaccinations please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also being treated with another medicine that suppresses your immune system , including chemotherapy , because vaccinations , given more than 2 weeks before or after your treatment has ended . your doctor will decide if you can be given the vaccine . vaccinations tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including
do not use roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : if you experience chest tightness , tightness in the chest , feeling sick , feeling sick or being sick , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to formoterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol : - if you have or have had asthma - if you have or have had heart failure , glaucoma ( high blood pressure ), thyrotoxicosis ( a medicine used to treat diabetes ), - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes . - if
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take fetcroja - if you are another_treatment to pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if you are pregnant or are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . if you are not sure if any of the applies to you , do not take this medicine . talk to your doctor if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have been told that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ) if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics that are such to prolong an enzyme ( penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have a severe allergic reaction if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( see " other medicines and this medicine "). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : - are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( this medicine is used to treat this ). if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended . it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective when used in children . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if treatment with this medicine is present in breast milk . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive or use machines ; however , occasionally dizziness or numbness , or fainting may occur during treatment . if you experience these symptoms , do not drive or use machines until these symptoms disappear .
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide : - if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections . during treatment with hydrochlorothiazide , you should tell your doctor immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . other medicines and hydrochlorothiazide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - beta blockers or other heart problems ( such as propranolol ), used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( such as corticosteroids ), - prednisolone ( which are used to treat high blood pressure or seizures ). - medicines that may increase the risk of heart problems such as diuretics ( e . g . prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) used to treat depression . - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as diuretics ( e . g . prednisolone ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) used to treat depression . - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone ), - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) used to treat depression . - any medicines that may be similar to you ( such as " cortisone " used to treat high blood pressure ), - corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or tricyclic antidepressants ) used to treat depression . - any medicines that may be similar to you ( such as " cortisone " used to treat high blood pressure ), - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - tricyclic_antidepressants , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( medicines to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , nelfinavir or cobicistat ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are hiv unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take zyllt if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or omeprazole , medicines to treat some forms of depression - omeprazole , other antiplatelet agent . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 4 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent
do not use lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions you must tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . see section 3 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking medicines . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 3 of this leaflet . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you are also infected with hepatitis b or c , please ask your doctor . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you are also infected with hepatitis b or c , please ask your doctor . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you are infected with hepatitis b , please inform your doctor . if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . talk to your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your treatment . see section 3 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking medicines . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and vocabria hospira tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv , including hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for infected with hepatitis b virus to treat hepatitis c virus . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv , including hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a virus and hepatitis c virus , hepatitis a . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as infected . the use of these medicines is not recommended . your doctor will discuss with you the possible risks of taking these medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if
do not take nespo : if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . there is a small chance that you may experience an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to latex . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicinal product . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cyclosporin ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must be aware that use of this medicinal product may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and bleeding . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this medicine may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving this medicine . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and other medicines . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this medicine may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving this medicine . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and other types of cancer . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of this medicine may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving other medicines to treat cancer . other medicines and advate tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), cyclosporin , tacrolimus , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , or tacrolimus ( used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus (
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have an infection , especially if you have an infection , especially if you had an infection in the past or if you have an infection . tell your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse immediately if you have any symptoms of an infection , such as yellowing of your skin or eyes , worsening of eyes , worsening of eyes , increased sensation in the chest , increased sensation in blood pressure , blurred vision , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , decreased sensation in the arms or legs , a swollen heartbeat , increased sensation in the sensation , increased sensation in your arms or legs , loss of consciousness , decreased sensation or loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the_following_symptoms . an infection : tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test : before you start treatment with increased_discomfort . this is so that : your child ' s doctor may tell you to have a lung infection . - have an infection in the stomach or intestines , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of inflamed rupture of the lungs , which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a serious condition in which the blood vessels around the lungs ( increased_discomfort ), which may lead to loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a serious condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce any problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test : before you start treatment with increased_discomfort . this is so that : your child ' s doctor may monitor your lung function . your doctor may also give you a lower dose . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had problems with your liver or kidneys . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur due to damage to kidney tubule cells , which may lead to lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the body ) and liver problems . your doctor may ask you to have a blood test : before you start treatment with increased_discomfort . - tell your doctor straight away if you have any problems with your liver or kidneys . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking increased_discomfort . if this happens , stop the treatment immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking increased_discomfort . if this happens , stop the treatment immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . in addition , in some patients the body may fail to produce enough of the blood cells that help your body fight infections or help you to stop taking them . if you develop a fever that does not go away , symptoms such as flu - like symptoms , weakness in the arms and legs or legs ) problems with your arms or kidneys , especially in the arms or legs , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation in one or both gums . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you have ever had any other medical problems . tell your doctor if you have or have had any medical conditions or recently any other problems . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine may pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . do not take calcium supplements if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking cinacalcet mylan if you have or have ever had hypocalcaemia ( a type of irregular heartbeat ) or any other hypocalcaemia . - if you have or have ever had convulsions ( fits or seizures ). - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of calcium in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles - numbness or tingling in your hands or feet , a feeling of seizures , confusion , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and an_unusually_fast_or_pounding_heartbeat ) - if you have heart rhythm disorders . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take cinacalcet mylan "). 30 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hypocalcaemia ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan : if you have or have had low levels of calcium in your blood . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking cinacalcet mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan : if you have or have had low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have or have had spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles , numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your mouth , seizures , confusion , or loss of consciousness while being treated with cinacalcet mylan . these may be signs of low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take cinacalcet mylan "). 30 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hypocalcaemia ) - if you are taking a medicine to treat abnormal heart rhythm ( including " qt prolongation "). 30 - if you are taking a medicine to treat abnormal heart rhythm ( such as digoxin ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan - if you have or have had low levels of potassium in your blood . - if you have spasms , twitches , or cramps in your muscles , or numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your mouth , seizures , confusion , or loss of consciousness while being treated with cinacalcet mylan . these may be signs of low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take cinacalcet mylan "). 30 tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan : if you have or have had low levels of calcium in your blood . if you take medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( see " do not take cinacalcet mylan "). 30 tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking cinacalcet . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan : if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had spasms , twitches , or cramps in
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( shock ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( shock ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( shock ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or shock ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( shock ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your skin regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking : - medicines used to treat type ii diabetes , such as sympathomimetics , used to treat inflammation , asthma and arthritis - cimetidine , medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat pain and inflammation ( nsaid and cox - 2 - inhibitors , such as ibuprofen and celecoxib ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines affecting the nervous system ( e . g . sympathomimetics , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , isavuconazole , crizotinib ) - bronchodilators such as bronchodilators ( e . g . bronchodilators ). - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( e . g . sympathomimetics ) - linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib or olaparib ( see section " warnings and precautions "). you should tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking one of the following medicines : - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat inflammation and inflammation ( nsaid and cox - 2 - inhibitors , such as ibuprofen and celecoxib ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines affecting the nervous system ( e . g . sympathomimetics , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , isavuconazole , crizotinib ) - bronchodilators such as bronchodilators and celecoxib . - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of bronchial asthma ( e . g . sympathomimetics
do not take edurant : - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to products ( e . g . st . john ' s wort or hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in a variety of conditions such as inflammation of the eye ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many organ conditions such as inflammation or c ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in a variety of conditions such as inflammation and c ), - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve a_variety_of_conditions and c ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for inflammation of the blood ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are taking products for the treatment of hepatitis b infection ( see " other medicines and hiv_treatment "). - are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in many infection ) or an antibiotic ( used to relieve or prevent inflammation caused by viruses ). - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent a_variety_of_conditions sickness ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have had a heart attack , have recently had a heart attack or if you had been in close contact with someone who has had treatment with dexamethasone ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve a pain infection or to treat an infection ) or have had it in the past . if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent a_variety_of_conditions sickness ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if you : have had a heart attack , have recently had a heart attack or if you had been in close contact with someone who has had or has had dexamethasone ( a type of skin cancer ) or c . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take any_medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of infection ( for example enlarged lymph nodes and fever ). in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of infection from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is believed that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . if you notice any symptoms of infection , please inform your doctor . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it is not known if it is safe or effective in this age group . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for hiv : efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine to treat hiv infection cimetidine , efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine to treat hiv infection cimetidine , cimetidine , etravirine , rilpivirine used to treat hiv infection cimetidine , cimetidine , a corticosteroid used to relieve inflammation and diseases of the treatment of the treatment of inflammation of the immune system . c medicines used to treat inflammation of the lungs ( such as c ), dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve a variety of conditions such as inflammation and inflammation ), dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve a variety of conditions such as inflammation and inflammation ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat a variety of conditions such as inflammation and inflammation )
follow all your doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take this medicine if any of the following apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking an_x-ray if you : have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . lactose ), contact your doctor before taking this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . this medicine is not recommended for use in this population . other medicines and an_x-ray tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy do not take this medicine if you are pregnant . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding do not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . a small amount of the ingredients in pregnant women is not known . if you are breast - feeding , or planning to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to drive a car or operate a machine : if you have any further questions on the ability to drive or use machines .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka d . d .. warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . - if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka d . d .. warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat bleeding . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat bleeding . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed repaglinide krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery on your veins or veins - if you have cancer in your veins or veins - if you have cancer of the veins , womb or veins . - if you are taking or have recently taken surgery , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if : you have had surgery on the veins in your veins or veins - you are taking or have recently taken surgery ( for example , long - term surgery ) if you are taking another medicine which affects your immune system ( e . g . condoms ) or corticosteroid surgery ( e . g . for surgery or surgical procedures ) if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( used to prevent surgery ) if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ), i . e . at the same time . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill if you are taking or have recently taken any medicine which may affect your kidney . - if you are taking another surgery for surgery ( e . g . oral contraceptive pill ) if you are taking hormonal contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 2 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill : if you have had surgery on the veins , arteries or veins , you should speak with your doctor before you take intrinsa . you should speak to your doctor before you take intrinsa if : you have had recent surgery on your surgery ( e . g . recent surgery or dental procedures ), you should speak with your doctor if you need to stop taking intrinsa . your doctor will advise you if you need extra surgery . if you are at risk of cancer , you should speak with your doctor before you take intrinsa . you should speak to your doctor before you take intrinsa if : you have had surgery on your surgery ( e . g . recent surgery or surgical procedures ), you are taking hrt for treating surgery , you should speak with your doctor if you need to stop taking intrinsa . your doctor will advise you if you need extra surgery . if you are at risk of cancer , you should speak with your doctor before you take intrinsa . you should speak to your doctor before you take intrinsa if : you have had surgery on your surgery ( e . g . recent surgery or surgical procedures ), you are taking hrt for treating surgery , you should speak with your doctor if you need to stop taking duavive . your doctor will advise you if you need extra surgery . if you are at risk of cancer , you should speak with your doctor before you take intrinsa . you should speak to your doctor before you take intrinsa if : you have had surgery on your surgery ( e . g . recent surgery or surgical procedures ), you are taking hrt for treating surgery , you should speak with your doctor if you need to stop taking duavive . your doctor will advise you if you need extra surgery . if you are at risk of cancer , you should speak with your doctor before you take intrinsa . you should speak to your doctor before you take intrinsa if : you have had surgery on your surgery ( e . g . recent surgery or surgical procedures ), you are taking hrt for treating surgery , you should speak with your doctor if you need to stop taking duavive . your doctor will advise you if you need extra surgery . if you are at risk of cancer , you should speak with your doctor before you take intrinsa . you should speak to your doctor before you take intrinsa if you are planning to have surgery . you should speak to your doctor before you take intrinsa if you are planning to have surgery . your doctor will advise you on what you should do . you should speak to your doctor before you take intrinsa if : you have had surgery on your surgery ( e . g . recent surgery or surgical procedures ), you are taking hrt for treating surgery , you should speak with your doctor if you need to stop taking duavive . your doctor will advise you if you need extra surgery . if you are at risk of developing cancer , you should speak with your doctor before you use intrinsa . if you are
do not use rapiscan - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low numbers of red or white blood cells or low blood volume - if you have dehydration ( high blood sugar ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( dehydration ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( dehydration ) - if you are currently taking other medicines which affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see section " other medicines and long_qt_syndrome "). - if you have ever had a heart attack , have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties . - if you have very low blood pressure ( dehydration ) - if you are currently taking other medicines which affect the production of blood cells in the blood ( see section " other medicines and long_qt_syndrome "). - if you have very low blood pressure ( dehydration ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( dehydration ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( dehydration ) - if you are currently taking other medicines which affect the production of blood cells in your blood , such as a medicine ( see " other medicines and qtern "). - if you have ever had loss of vision because of a problem with blood flow to the heart in the heart ( called " qt prolongation "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking treatment if you have : - shortness of breath , chest pain or heart rhythm problems - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - dehydration ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are a woman , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking a medicine . if you are taking a medicine which can reduce your blood pressure , a medicine used to prevent blood clots . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . pregnancy the effects of treatment in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because of the possibility of breast - feeding for up to 6 months after treatment is stopped . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine while you are breast - feeding . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy , headache or weak after being treated with this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines . atriance contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 10 ml , i . e ., essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). 56 - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure not controlled by red blood cells . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take medicines and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking your medicine immediately and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have problems with your heart . your doctor should carefully check whether your heart can take the additional strain of having sex . - if you currently have a stomach ulcer , or a bleeding problems ( such as haemophilia ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking abseamed and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or liver problems you should tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking abseamed and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or liver problems you should tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking abseamed and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or liver problems you should tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have problems with your heart . your doctor should carefully check whether your heart can take the additional strain of having sex . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking abseamed and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or liver problems you should tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking abseamed and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). special considerations for patients with kidney or liver problems you should tell your doctor if you have kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking abseamed and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( inability to break down fructose , especially if you are taking levodopa , especially if you are currently taking levodopa , you might develop dystonia during the up - titration of pramipexole accord . dystonia ( inability of keeping the body and neck straight and upright ( axial dystonia )). in particular , you may experience forward flexion of the head and neck ( also called antecollis ), forward bending of the lower back ( also called camptocormia ) or sidewards bending of the back ( also called pleurothotonus or pisa syndrome ). if this happens , stop taking pramipexole actavis and contact your doctor . - if you have a special type of diabetic body syndrome called macular oedema ( swelling of the back of the limbs ), talk to your doctor if you notice any change to your vision . some patients with dyskinesia ( e . g . comparable with symptoms of schizophrenia are at risk of low blood pressure . if you suffer from sleepiness . if you suffer from sleepiness . if you suffer from sleepiness . if you suffer from psychosis ( inability of keeping your body and neck straight and upright ( axial dystonia ). in particular , you may experience that symptoms start earlier than usual , be more intense and involve other limbs . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below the age of kidney_or_liver_problems because the safety and efficacy of this medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required to be limited during the administration period . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after you use rhokiinsa . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off . rhokiinsa contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 5 mg benzalkonium chloride in each 10 ml which is equivalent to 0 . 05 mg / ml . benzalkonium chloride may also cause eye irritation , especially if you have dry eyes or disorders of the cornea ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ). if you feel abnormal eye sensation , stinging or pain in the eye after using this medicine , talk to your doctor .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with other medicines that may cause liver problems ( see section 4 ). in some cases , these symptoms have puberty after stopping levetiracetam treatment . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have kidney problems , your doctor will carefully consider whether levetiracetam teva is suitable for you and may wish to monitor you carefully . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under treatment of alzheimer ' s disease ). other medicines and levetiracetam teva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking levetiracetam accord during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines levetiracetam teva may cause side effects such as sleepy and sleepy which may impair your ability to drive and use machines . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines until you feel better .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( an illness associated with an enlarged prostate ) - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a serious sign of a serious allergic reaction . - eye tightness during treatment with this medicine , seek immediate advice immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , seek immediate advice immediately if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your tightness_of_the_chest . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious lung infection ( retinitis pigmentosa ) during treatment with this medicine . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this medicine may lead to coma . this medicine may lead to coma and cause difficulty in breathing . if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , seek immediate advice immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your tightness_of_the_chest . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your tightness_of_the_chest . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) have recently had a serious attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal eye_pain or discomfort , pain in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - eye tightness during treatment with this medicine , seek immediate advice immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , - if you experience blurred vision , pain in the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - eye tightness during treatment with this medicine , seek immediate advice immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , - if you experience
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any medicine used to treat asthma ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . pregnancy 58 is not recommended during pregnancy and breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 100 mg ) per 100 mg dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - if you have or have had kidney problems . - if you have kidney or kidney problems . your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted ; - if you have or have had kidney problems . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase the risk of bleeding : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if the symptoms of severe allergic reactions ( such as difficulty in breathing , weakness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if these symptoms occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should immediately contact your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using this medicine : if you experience an allergic reaction including a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor or seek immediate hospital immediately . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek urgent medical attention if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given the infusion . allergic reactions tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . seek urgent medical attention if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , trouble breathing or trouble breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before being given exparel liposomal . allergic reactions tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor . these reactions can be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing as these could be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before being given exparel liposomal . allergic reactions tell your doctor straight away if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting , trouble breathing and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor or seek immediate hospital immediately . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , or trouble breathing as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . seek urgent medical attention if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you experience dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a sudden allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). - a severe allergic reaction ( such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ). - if you experience an allergic reaction that may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a_rash ), itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , headaches ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a_rash ), itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , headaches ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting
your treatment with incivo will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of drug dependence . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much incivo you will take and how often you should take it for at least 3 months . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much incivo to take the usual starting dose is 3 capsules per day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg per day . if you have severe liver disease , the recommended starting dose is 6 capsules per day . if you have severe kidney disease , your doctor may decide to start treatment with a dose of 6 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you should take desloratadine teva . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . taking this medicine it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may decide to increase your dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 6 capsules ( 4 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 3 separate doses . this means taking 4 capsules in the morning then 4 capsules in the evening . method and route of administration swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more diarrhoea than you should the possible side effects of an overdose of this medicine are nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal cramps , and a_liver_transplant . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much zinbryta you need and for how long . the usual starting dose is 150 mg given as two injections of injections per day . your doctor or nurse will decide how much zinbryta you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 0 . 03 mg for each kg of body weight . your doctor will decide how much zinbryta you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 150 mg . your doctor or nurse will give you a local anaesthetic to reduce the area . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to give this medicine to yourself unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with injections , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not shake the pen unless your doctor or nurse has told you to . if you use more kyntheum than you should the effects of an overdose of ovitrelle are unknown , nevertheless there is a possibility that ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( the_injections ) may occur , which is further described in the carton .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 50 mg tablet each day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can take it with or without food . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you take more the_two_medicines than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take iscover if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the normal time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking amsparity the decision to stop using amsparity should be discussed with your child ' s doctor . the symptoms may return upon stopping 25 . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more antacids than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking this medicine you will lose the effects of the medicine . you should not stop taking this medicine unless told to do so by your doctor as your symptoms may return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets with a drink of water . swallow the tablet whole with some water . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 30 mg three times a day . if you have the impression that the effect of novonorm is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with water . swallow the tablets whole with water . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the tablets . if you take more novonorm than you should if you take more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital immediately . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , just take the next dose as scheduled . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). adults from 3 weeks to 3 years of age : vaccine is currently not recommended in this age group . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults from the age of 3 years onwards : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection third injection : 3 months after first injection if a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least 3 months between the first and second dose . children 3 months to 3 months of age a dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given . a second injection can be administered at least 3 months after the second dose . all three doses should be given within a 1 - year period .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit_toc will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more lutathera than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the administration procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further question on the use of lumark , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 5 mg three times a day ( taken as 10 mg ) in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you experience side effects , your doctor may lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . how to take this medicine swallow the tablets whole with water . do not chew , crush or break the tablets . if you take more cuprior than you should if you have accidentally taken too many tablets , consult your doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take cuprior if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much relvar breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for laventair_ellipta . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose of airexar ellipta is one inhalation every day . it is preferable to use the medicine at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can use elebrato ellipta every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of your_symptoms are experienced . how much to use your doctor will tell you how long your inhaler will last . do not stop taking elebrato ellipta without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . your symptoms may get worse . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just inhale your next dose at the usual time . if you become breathless or cough , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
tremfya will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of injection . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . tremfya is given as an injection just under the the_skin_(subcutaneous_injection ( subcutaneously ). the usual dose is 100 mg given as one injection in the morning and 8 doses in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg given as one injection in the morning and 8 doses in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 100 mg , to be taken as 8 injections once a day . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . trepulmix is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic kidney function your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the dose of trepulmix depends on your age and weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . the usual starting dose of trepulmix is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 5 mg tablet of trepulmix per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should swallow the tablet whole with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if you take more trepulmix than you should if you take more nexium control than you should , tell your doctor . you may require medical attention . some people who have accidentally taken too much diarrhoea have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , reduced kidney function including kidney failure and reduced kidney function . contact your doctor if you took more tablets than you should . your doctor will establish the best possible treatment of overdose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and how often you should use it for you . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much senstend you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 24 sprays per kilogram of body weight each day . your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . how much to use your doctor will decide how much senstend you need and for how long . this is to check that you are being given
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . opdivo is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of about 30 minutes . if you are given more nivolumab accord than you should as this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . however , if you are concerned that you may have been given too much nivolumab accord , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse who is giving you the wrong dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel bgr than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . tacforius will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the doctor will tell you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your doctor or pharmacist if you have any questions . if you have been given more dexmedetomidine teva than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you may be more likely to have side effects , which may increase the risk of rejection of your transplanted organ . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of 75 mg ( 1 tablet of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of iscover per day as described above . you should take this dose for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel teva than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . always take yttriga exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual dose is one inhalation in the morning and one in the evening . it is best to take the capsule at the same time each day . you can take yttriga with or without food . you should swallow the whole capsules with a glass of water . you can take yttriga with or without food . do not chew , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more acomplia than you should contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take chenodeoxycholic cream if you have missed a dose , apply the cream as soon as possible on that day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
your doctor will work out your dose of ciambra . this is based on your size ( m ) and the results of your blood tests ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . cisplatin is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using cisplatin in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every 5 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteroids : corticosteroids : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 1000 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed sandoz . you must take at least 30 doses during the seven days before the first dose of dexamethasone . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of dexamethasone . you will also receive an infusion of vitamin b12 ( cisplatin ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed sandoz and then approximately every 5 weeks as directed by your doctor . this medicine is given to you to reduce the possible toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into a deltoid_muscle ( usually in the upper thigh ). the vaccine should never be injected into a blood vessel . adults from 2 years of age and older : one dose of 0 . 5 ml will be injected into the upper deltoid_muscle of the upper thigh ( deltoid muscle ) or upper shoulder ( shoulder ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ), upper shoulder ( shoulder ), thigh , upper shoulder or upper thigh , thigh , upper shoulder or upper deltoid_muscle . if you forget to use aimovig if you miss a dose of aimovig , inject the missed dose as soon as you can . then inject your next dose at the scheduled time . if you stop using kyntheum you should not stop using kyntheum without speaking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
this medicine is administered by your doctor or other health care professional . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for infusion . the medicine will be given as an infusion into a veins . this will usually be in the upper arm . the medicine will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a veins . this will usually be in the upper arm . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule taken orally once daily by mouth and can be taken with or without food . swallow the capsules whole with a drink of water . do not crush or crush the capsules . 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
always use this medicine exactly as your child ' s doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with this medicine should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your child ' s doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with hulio should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of hulio for adults and adolescents is 10 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of psoriasis your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . if your daily dose is 160 mg ( 16 tablets ), you should take 160 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter , the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 10 kg the usual dose of 160 is 160 mg a day . this can be given as 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) followed by 80 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ) two weeks later . thereafter the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing less than 10 kg the usual dose of 160 is 160 mg every other week with a single dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg , followed by 40 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , the doctor may prescribe a first dose of 160 mg ( as two 40 mg injections in one day ), followed by 80 mg two weeks later . thereafter the usual dose is 40 mg every other week . if this dose does not work well enough , your child ' s doctor may increase the dose frequency to 40 mg every week . paediatric non - infectious uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 40 years of age weighing less than 40 kg 160 mg every other week your child ' s doctor may prescribe an initial dose of 160 mg to be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 160 mg every other week . amsparity is recommended for use in combination with 160 . if you use more 160 than you should if you accidentally inject kromeya more frequently than you should , call your child ' s doctor or pharmacist and explain that your
the doctor treating you will base the correct dose of yellox . the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected eye , once a day in the evening . after 2 to 2 weeks : the first dose should be given after an interval of at least 2 minutes . do not use more than one drop in the affected eye ( s ) once a day . after the first day , the next day is the next day . for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents yellox can be used in children and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents yellox can be used in children and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents yellox can be used in children and children aged 2 years and above . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with dzuveo will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide on the right dose for you . during your tongue , the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight , each day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 720 mg at intervals of one to two weeks . if you have the impression that the effect of zonisamide mylan is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 720 mg . the maximum recommended daily dose is 30 mg per day . however , your doctor may increase the dose to 720 mg , to be taken as 30 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 30 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 30 mg once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 30 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 30 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum daily dose is 10 mg per day . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are taking an antacid , take it as soon as you can . it is very important to follow the instructions for your doctor or nurse . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor right away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 60 mg three times daily taken taken in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you can take this medicine with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . this medicine is for oral use . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be used in special controlled areas . this medicine will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of medicine to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the amount of medicine you are taking . the nuclear medicine doctor will inform you if you need to take any special precautions after receiving this medicine . contact your nuclear medicine doctor if you have any questions . if you have been given more medicine than you should an overdose is unlikely because you will get a specially measured amount of lymphoseek precisely controlled by the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure . however , in the case of an overdose , you will receive the appropriate treatment . should you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , please ask the nuclear medicine doctor who supervises the procedure .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected nose once a day for 3 days . the usual dose is one drop in the morning and one in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one 5 mg tablet each day . if you have the impression that the effect of azopt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . how much to use the recommended dose is 2 drop in each affected nose once a day for 3 days in each day , for example , one in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many sprays of azopt to give to your child . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected nose once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of azopt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected nose once a day . if you have the impression that the effect of azopt is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected nose once a day . the maximum dose is one drop in the affected eye or surrounding_areas once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or surrounding_areas once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use each day . method of use swallow the bottle whole with a large glass of water . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of other_eye_drops at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 12 mg once a day ( taken as 2 tablets of 10 mg ) in the morning and 2 tablets in the evening . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are taking this medicine with another medicine , your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking exercise_program . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take too many tablets , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take mepact exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is 1 capsule ( 2 g of 36 mg ) once a day for 1 week . your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 36 mg for a total of 12 mg / kg twice a day ( corresponding to a daily dose of 24 mg / kg body weight ). the dose may be adjusted up to 36 mg a day based on your response to treatment . in some cases ( e . g . monday . high blood pressure ) the usual starting dose is 1 . 1 mg per kilogram of body weight each day . for example , if you weigh 36 years or older , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 36 mg per day . the maximum recommended daily dose is 24 to 36 mg / day . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor may change the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your blood pressure response . the usual daily dose is 1 . 36 mg per kilogram of body weight once a day for 24 hours . this will be until you reach a maintenance dose between 36 mg and 12 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you should continue treatment for . your doctor may change the dose and total number of treatment cycles , depending on your response to the treatment on the occurrence of certain side effects and on your underlying conditions ( e . g . liver problems ). your doctor will determine the correct dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may adjust the dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 24 mg twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you should take treatment and for how long you should continue to take it and for how long you need to take it . your doctor may also want to check your heart functions , even after you finish treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with mirvaso will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you must use and how often you should use it depending on your condition . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of mirvaso is based on your body weight . the usual starting dose is 1 . 1 mg per kilogram body weight each day . your doctor will decide your dose once a week , depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 1 . 1 mg per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will decide how much mirvaso you need and for how long each day . if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis your doctor will prescribe a lower dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not stop taking airexar spiromax or reduce the dose of airexar spiromax without talking to your doctor . keep taking your medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop treatment with this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to use the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . taking more than your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much mvasi you need and for how long . the usual dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based upon your body weight . the recommended dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor based upon your body weight . the usual dose for adults and adolescents is 60 mg for each kg of body weight . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the usual dose is 60 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . if you are not sure about how much of the medicine to inject , ask your doctor or nurse . how much to use your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and for how long . if you are being treated for secondary hyperparathyroidism the usual starting dose of gonal - f is 60 mg once a day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . your doctor will decide how long you must be treated . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
tecartus will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given tecartus as a drip ( intra - venous vein ). medicines given before each medicines you will be given medicines to reduce the risk of an allergic reaction . your doctor will decide how much tecartus you need and how often you will be given your dose depends on your body weight . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the potential side effects . your doctor may test your blood to see how well your treatment is working . your doctor may need to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will discuss this with you . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 50 mg film - coated tablet once a day by mouth if you have kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe lower doses ( such as 25 mg or 50 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if you take more tesavel than you should if you take more than the prescribed dosage of this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . if you forget to take tesavel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of this medicine . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you stop taking this medicine , your blood sugar may rise again . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial injected into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor or a nurse . in the unlikely , your doctor or nurse will give you xultophy as a slow injection into a vein . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself unless you have been trained to do so by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day in the morning and one in the evening . use the pen at about the same time each day . this will help you remember when to use your medicine . how much to use the usual dose is one vial ( 100 mg ) into a vein by your doctor or nurse . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . you should always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine xultophy is intended to be given by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use needles . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , see section 4 " how to use " section of the pre - filled syringe " at the end of this leaflet . - do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth each day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more supportive_care than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take supportive_care if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 200 mg tablet once a day for 6 days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for your kidney or liver function . it is recommended to take the dose at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . the recommended dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 200 mg tablet of orkambi ( e . g . one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor right away . you may need to take this medicine as long as your doctor has told you . this will help get the best results for your health . diet and exercise to control your diabetes , you still need to follow the advice about diet and exercise from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . in particular , if you are following a diabetic weight control diet , continue to follow it while you are taking this_medicine . if you take more the_forgotten_tablets than you should if you take more medicine than you should , tell your doctor or go to a hospital immediately . if possible , take your medicine and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take the_forgotten_tablets if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking verzenios do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor tells you to . if you do , your medicine may not work properly . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much to take always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 8 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have not taken tablets for more than 8 days , do not take the next dose until you have talked to your doctor . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 2 equal doses . take this medicine once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . take one tablet in the morning and one in the evening . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not split , crush or chew the capsules . if you take more a_capsule than you should if you take more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take qtern what to do if you forget to take a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and one in the evening . take the dose at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a different dose if you or someone else . how much to take the recommended dose is one inhalation twice a day in the morning and one in the evening . after that , you should try to take your tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg per day . however , the dose may be increased by your doctor based on your response to the treatment . the maximum dose is 1 . 0 mg per day . however , your doctor may reduce your dose to 1 . 5 mg twice a day depending on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take them . the maximum dose is 1 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . if you take more peel than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency room straight away . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take peel if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , skip the dose you missed . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ovaleap should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with voriconazole_accord should be started and monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of infection . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of voriconazole_accord to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose . your doctor will slowly increase your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the table below shows how often you will usually have this medicine after your first dose . adults and adolescents from 2 years of age and weighing less than 12 years of age : one tablet each day , with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : do not crush or chew the tablets . if you take more the_infection than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take voriconazole acetate gedeon richter if you think you have missed a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 14 hours before your next dose , skip the missed dose . then take the next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking voriconazole accord do not stop taking your tablets unless your doctor tells you to .
mvabea will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of comirnaty . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . mvabea is given as an injection into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . the vaccine will be injected into the upper arm ( thigh ). if you have any questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the vaccine . your doctor or nurse will give you mvabea as an injection into your arm . the vaccine should never be given into a blood_vessel ( intramuscular route ) in the upper arm . if you have any questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
you will be given bondronat as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein . this will take about 15 minutes . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much vaborem , tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you miss a dose of recarbrio tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your size ( body surface area ). the starting dose of temozolomide teva is 3 mg per kg body weight taken once a day for 3 days followed by 14 days without treatment . the recommended starting dose is 8 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . heart transplant adults the first dose is given within 8 days of the transplant operation . the daily dose is 14 mg twice a day for 28 days , followed by 6 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day for 14 days followed by 8 weeks without treatment . this is increased to one treatment cycle . during the first week , the usual dose is 28 tablets ( 1 capsule of 8 mg ) twice a day for 14 days . then you will have to take 6 tablets in the morning and 6 capsules in the evening . if you are being treated for 14 - positive all : the starting dose is 1 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day . heart transplant adults the first dose is given within 6 days of the transplant operation . the daily dose is 14 mg twice a day ( 1 capsule of 8 mg ) in the morning and 6 capsules in the evening . if you are being treated for 14 - positive all : the starting dose is 15 mg to be taken as 14 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 15 mg , to be taken as 8 tablets once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg per day ( 16 capsules ), to be taken as 6 tablets in the morning and 8 tablets in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many capsules of zeposia to give to your child . the amount of nevirapine teva given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 6 capsules of 15 mg or one tablet of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 15 mg per day ( 16 capsules ), to be taken as 6 tablets in the morning and 8 tablets in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how many capsules of zeposia to give to your child . the amount of nevirapine teva given will depend on your child ' s condition , body weight and height . the total daily dose in children must not exceed 14 mg per kg body weight , twice a day . for example , if you weigh 15 kg or more , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more 28 - f than you should if you take more than the prescribed dose , you must contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take 28 - f if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is within 6 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you can use this medicine if you are aged 36 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as you may need medical attention . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta don ' t inhale an extra dose to make up for a forgotten dose . just carry on with the next dose at the usual time . if you become wheezy or breathless , use your quick - acting inhaler ( such as salbutamol ), then seek medical advice . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
zinforo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given zinforo as a drip ( a drip ) into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 60 minutes . if you are given more zinforo than you should as this medicine is being given by a doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much optimark , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you miss a dose of recarbrio tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin_pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic epilepsy : epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of tablets as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of pregabalin_pfizer is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are an elderly patient ( over 65 years of age ), you should take pregabalin mylan pharma normally except if you have problems with your kidneys . your doctor may prescribe a different dosing schedule and / or dose if you have problems with your kidneys . swallow the capsule whole with water . continue taking pregabalin mylan pharma until your doctor tells you to stop . if you take more pregabalin mylan pharma than you should call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency unit immediately . take your box or bottle of pregabalin mylan capsules with you . you may feel sleepy , confused , agitated , or restless as a result of taking more pregabalin mylan pharma than you should . fits have also been reported . if you forget to take pregabalin mylan pharma it is important to take your pregabalin mylan capsules regularly at the same time each day . if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember unless it is time for the next dose . in that case , just carry on with the next dose as normal . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pregabalin mylan pharma do not stop taking pregabalin mylan unless your doctor tells you to . if your treatment is stopped it should be done gradually over a minimum of 1 week . after stopping long and short - term pregabalin mylan pharma treatment , you need to know that you may experience certain side effects . these include , trouble sleeping , confused , agitated , feeling anxious , sweating , and dizziness . these effects may occur more commonly or severely if you have been taking this medicine for a longer period of time . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take xadago exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 100 mg tablet by mouth once daily . if you have kidney problems , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to xadago . the maximum daily dose is 50 mg . if you have reduced disorder , the dose may be reduced to 50 mg once daily . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to xadago . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to xadago . if your daily dose is 50 mg ( 16 tablets ), you should take this tablet by mouth and can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take xadago . the tablet can be taken with or without food . if you take more xadago than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose you should contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately . if you forget to take duavive if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking nexium velotab do not stop taking inbrija without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take the number of tablets following your doctor ' s instructions . zytiga should be taken twice a day , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . when you will first start taking zytiga , your doctor will prescribe you a lower dose ( 500 mg each day ) during 2 weeks before giving you the lowest general dose of 1 , 000 mg . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 2 years ) general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 3 g in the morning and 2 tablets of 3 . 3 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 2 tablets of 3 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 3 g in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 1,000 2 . 2 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase your tablet dose up to a maximum of 3 . 2 mg once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 2 . 3 patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate kidney disease , the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 1,000 2 . 2 mg per day . however , your dose may have to be increased even further . if necessary , your doctor may increase your tablet dose up to a maximum of 3 . 2 mg once a day ( equivalent to 0 . 088 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet 1,000 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 2 . 3 patients with kidney disease if you have moderate or severe kidney disease , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration memantine teva should be taken orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more lamivudine teva pharma b . v . than you should if you take more tablets than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . if you forget to take ribavirin teva take / administer the missed dose as soon as possible during the same day . if an entire day has gone by , check with your doctor . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 15 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily 30 mg dose week 4 one 40 mg tablet week 4 one and a half 15 mg tablets week 4 and beyond two 30 mg tablets once a day the usual starting dose is half a skin tablet once a day ( 1x 40 mg ). dosage in patients with impaired enthesitis - infectious uveitis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 160 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 6 to 17 years of age weighing 30 kg or more first dose of 40 mg , followed by 40 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 160 mg every other week . not applicable paediatric crohn ' s disease age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 30 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable paediatric plaque psoriasis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children and adolescents from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg or more 40 mg every other week with methotrexate your doctor may also prescribe a first dose of 20 mg which may be administered one week prior to the start of the usual dose of 20 mg every other week . children and adolescents from 4 to 17 years of age weighing less than 30 kg first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
how it is given ritemvia will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of capecitabine accord is based on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times daily . a person whose body weight is 80 kg and height is 1 . 80 m has a body surface area of 2 . 00 m2 and should take 5 tablets of 500 mg two times daily . if you take more capecitabine accord than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take capecitabine accord if you are self - administering treatment , or if you are the caregiver of a child taking this medicine in combination with interferon alfa - 2b , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking capecitabine accord do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 8 capsules once a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease : for adults and adolescents ( over 4 years old ), the usual dose is two capsules ( 200 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the capsule whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsule as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more medicine than you were told to , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take a tablet at the same time each day . you can take kinzalmono with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take all your medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . if you have the impression that the effect of kinzalmono is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose of telmisartan teva for most patients is 20 mg once a day to control your blood pressure over the 24 - hour period . your doctor has recommended a lower dose of one 20 mg tablet daily . 80 mg daily should not be used in combination with diuretics (" water " tablets ) such as hydrochlorothiazide which has been shown to have an additive blood pressure lowering effect with pritor . for reduction of cardiovascular events , the usual dose of telmisartan teva is one 80 mg tablet once a day . at the beginning of the preventive therapy with pritor 80 mg , blood pressure should be frequently monitored . if your liver is not working properly , the usual dose should not exceed 40 mg once daily . if you take more telmisartan teva than you should if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor , pharmacist , or your nearest hospital emergency department immediately . if you forget to take telmisartan teva pharma if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for forgotten individual doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with afstyla should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia b . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one vial of 0 . 9 ml per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 9 ml per kg body weight ). your doctor will calculate the dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on the severity of your blood tests and how you respond to the treatment . method of administration please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the solution . if you use more luveris than you should the effects of an overdose of luveris are unknown , nevertheless there is a possibility that ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome may occur , which is further described in section 4 . if you forget to use luveris do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . please contact your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
how much praxbind is given the amount of praxbind you will be given will be calculated based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how praxbind is given this medicine is for single use only . your doctor will prescribe this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 5 mg for every kg of body weight . how praxbind is given this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of about 5 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take and when the amount of temomedac people have to take varies depending on their condition . your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules of temomedac to take each day . - if you are being treated for mds / mpd : the starting dose is 180 mg / m2 of body surface area taken two times daily ( morning and evening ). two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 180 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body surface area of 1 . 00 m2 and should take 4 tablets of the_monotherapy_phase twice a day . for example , one in the morning and two in the evening . your doctor will work out your exact dose . there may be up to 4 treatment periods ( cycles ). each one lasts 4 days . you will take your new dose of temozolomide hexal once a day . during the monotherapy phase , the dose and way you take temozolomide teva will be different . your doctor will work out your exact dose . there may be up to 4 treatment periods ( cycles ). each one lasts 4 days . you will take your new dose of temozolomide hexal once a day . if you have not been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 200 mg will be 100 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . then , you will have 5 days without 100 mg two weeks later . if you have been previously treated with chemotherapy , your first dose of 75 mg will be 100 mg / m2 once daily for the first 5 days . then , you will have 5 days without 100 mg two weeks later . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take the tablets with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . if you have the impression that the effect of cialis is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into two equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablets . if you take more blood_alcohol_level than you should if you have taken more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you forget to take duavive if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets . if you take more enyglid than you should if you have taken too many tablets of this medicine , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . your blood sugar could a_hypo below the normal level and can be increased by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar a_hypo , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking tesavel continue to take this medicine as long as your doctor prescribes it so you can continue to help control your blood sugar . you should not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 75 mg given once a week for 3 days . this means that you will be given an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) in the thigh or tummy . if you are injecting this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and inject the medicine at the end of this leaflet ( see section 6 ). how much to use the recommended dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body skin each day . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long each day . if you have not received this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how to prepare and inject the medicine properly . you should use this medicine every day , at the same time every day . this will help you to remember to use it . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 75 mg given twice a week . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 6 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how much azacitidine_mylan you need and for how long each day . if you have not received this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you use more eporatio than you should if you use more medicine than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using praluent do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 15 drop in each affected hands once a day . try to use the ointment at the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use it . the recommended dose is 1 drop in each affected hands once a day in the evening . use in children and adolescents for children and adolescents aged 15 years to less than 15 years : the dose depends on body weight . the maximum dose is 15 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to duotrav . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected body weight once a day for up to 15 days . the maximum dose is one drop in the affected eye or nose once a day in the evening . use in children in adolescents ( 6 years of age and older ) the dose will be calculated by your doctor according to your body weight . the maximum daily dose is 1 drop in each affected body weight once a day . for example , if you weigh 15 kg or more , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum dose is 1 drop in each affected body weight once a day . for example , if you weigh 15 kg or more , your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one drop of 1 drop in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . use in children and adolescents the doctor will tell you how much to use . if you use more pecfent than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 1 mg film - coated tablet once a day for 1 week . after this , most patients need a dose of 1 , 1 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you should take 1 tablet of 1 mg in the morning and 1 tablet of 1 mg in the evening . if you are being treated for 17 - positive all : the starting dose is 1 mg per kg body weight three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet your_body_weight 0 . 18 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 1 . 1 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 1 - 1 week as directed by your doctor until your haemoglobin is controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet 0 . 18 mg three times a day 1 tablet your_body_weight 0 . 35 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 1 . 1 the usual maintenance dose is 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 and 17 of the treatment . if you take more cegfila than you should if you are concerned that you may have taken too much , tell your doctor or healthcare professional immediately . if you forget to take natpar if you are concerned that you have missed a dose , you should contact your doctor to discuss when you should take the next dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you should use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . you can inhale ulunar breezhaler any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation capsules . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler after each use . - dispose of the inhaler after each use . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you accidently inhale too much of this medicine , contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice as soon as possible . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale two doses on the same day . if you stop using atectura breezhaler do not stop using atectura breezhaler unless your doctor tells you to . your asthma symptoms may come back if you stop using it . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . try to use the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for use in children aged 2 years and above . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . try to use the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the inhaler properly by your doctor . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . do not use more than your doctor has recommended . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one hand in the morning and one in the evening . try to use the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you to remember when to take your medicine . your doctor or nurse will show you how to use the medicine properly . do not try to give this medicine if you are not going to eat a main meal . if you are using other eye drops , wait at least 2 minutes after using them and for at least 2 hours after using them . if you are not sure how to do this , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more slenyto than you should if you accidentally take more medicine than you should , talk to your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you go to the doctor or go to the nearest hospital and take the pack with you . if you forget to take cufence if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is nearly the time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to inject the recommended dose is 75 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thigh or tummy . if you inject this medicine yourself , you will be instructed how much and how much you need to use it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained on how to do so . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained on how to do so . your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject this medicine unless you have been trained by your doctor or nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . if you inject more praluent than you should if you use more praluent than you should , contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you forget to use kyntheum if you miss a dose , inject your next dose as soon as possible . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you are not sure when to inject praluent , call your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you stop using praluent do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will give you cerdelga by a doctor or nurse in a hospital by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is one finger in the back of the finger in the finger by your doctor or in the management of your child ' s thumb or your child ' s thumb or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or your child ' s doctor or nurse . the dose is the same as for adults . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your child ' s weight . the recommended dose is finger into your thumb or thumb . if the child misses a dose is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
- zoledronic acid accord must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent zoledronic_acid_hospira . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much zoledronic acid accord is given the usual single dose given is based on your body weight . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem . how often zoledronic acid teva is given - if you are being treated for the prevention of bone complications due to bone metastases , you will be given one infusion of zoledronic acid teva every three to four weeks . - if you are being treated to reduce the amount of calcium in your blood , you will normally only be given a single infusion of zoledronic acid teva . how zoledronic acid teva is given this medicine is for intravenous or subcutaneous use only . your doctor will advise you and decide how long you should be treated .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 180 mg tablet once daily . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for the_medicine days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents this medicine is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use this medicine with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more
always take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . you should take clopidogrel acino pharma for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel acino pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel acino pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel teva pharma , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for the forgotten individual doses . if you stop taking clopidogrel teva pharma do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 12 mg twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for patients who are unable to swallow whole capsules , you may take 1 mg film - coated tablet for each kilogram of body weight . for patients who are unable to swallow whole capsules , you may take 1 mg film - coated tablet for each kilogram of body weight . for patients who are unable to swallow whole tablets , you may take 1 mg film - coated tablet for each kilogram of body weight . for patients who are unable to swallow whole tablets , you may take 1 mg film - coated tablet for the first 1 mg film - coated tablet of 1 mg film - coated tablet of 1 mg film - coated tablet of 1 mg film - coated tablet of 1 mg film - coated tablet once daily . if you take more their_hepatitis than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you forget to take your_hepatitis if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and then carry on as before . however , if it is almost time for your next dose , take your dose when it is due . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking tenofovir disoproxil mylan do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 2 tablets ( 30 mg ) once a day for 4 weeks followed by 4 weeks without treatment . your doctor will regularly check if the treatment is working for you . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take deferasirox accord , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . taking this medicine take spravato for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you take more spravato than you should if you have taken more nevirapine teva than you should , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take fosavance if you miss a dose during the treatment course , take the next dose as soon as possible during the next day . during the next course of treatment , wait as soon as possible during the next visit . do not take a double dose to make up for any missed doses . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine . this is in case you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual starting dose is 4 mg per kilogram of body weight . depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more this_medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop your treatment without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 12 capsules twice a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of 28 capsules ( 300 mg ). you can take this medicine with or without food and drink . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . remember to take the medicine at the same time each day will help you remember to take it . you can take it with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the capsule whole . do not chew , crush or break the capsules . if you take more this medicine than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes , once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes or eyes , once a day in the evening . afterwards the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eyes or eyes , once a day in the evening . afterwards the dose is one drop in the affected eyes or eyes , once a day in the evening . afterwards the dose is one drop in the affected eyes or eyes , once a day in the evening . if you have severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . if you use more simbrinza than you should rinse your eye with warm water . do not put in any more drops until it is time for your next regular dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
filgrastim_ratiopharm will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given filgrastim_ratiopharm as a drip ( intra - venous tissue ). the usual dose is one vial of 0.4 per day . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . your doctor will monitor your blood to see how well your treatment is working and how long it should be given .
always give this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day by mouth , with or without food . it is important to take the tablet at the same time every day . the tablets should be taken by mouth and can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with food or between meals . the tablets should be swallowed whole with water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you or your child takes more slenyto than you should if you accidentally take more tablets than they should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take enzepi it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you or your child forgets to take a dose , give it as soon as you remember . then take the next dose at the usual time . if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose : skip the missed tablet . then take the next tablet at the usual time . - do not take a double dose ( two doses on the same day ) to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take emgality exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 240 mg three times a day ( taken 240 mg ) in the morning and 240 mg ( 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ). children aged 240 kg or more : the usual dose is 240 mg three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ). children aged 240 kg or more : the usual dose is 240 mg three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg ) three times a day ( leaving approximately 240 mg )
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for nurse . the medicine will be given as an veins ( drip ) into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last about 21 minutes . the infusion will last about 21 minutes . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . if you are given too much zessly as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
your treatment with daklinza will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of iron overload caused by blood transfusions . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , depending on your condition , your body weight . your doctor will monitor your progress and may adjust your dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 20 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to lower your dose or stop treatment , either temporarily or permanently . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . your doctor will monitor your progress whilst you are taking this medicine . if you have questions about how long to take farydak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take farydak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more nevirapine teva than you should if you take more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take nevirapine teva if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ) or upper thigh , depending on the muscle mass . the vaccine should never be given into a arm ( intravenously ) or upper thigh , depending on the muscle mass . the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you are given too much injection_site as this medicine is being given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . tell the doctor or nurse as soon as possible . if you forget to use aimovig if you have missed an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor . do not double the dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation in the morning and one in the evening . try to take the capsule at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . jylamvo is for oral use . you should swallow the capsule whole . do not open , chew or chew the capsule as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible to make sure that you have the right medicine . the starting dose is 0 . 6 mg per kg body weight per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or higher dose to a maximum of 3 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . the maximum dose is 1 . 5 mg per kg body weight per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . method of administration swallow the capsule whole with water . do not chew , open or chew the capsule . 6 . after about the prescribed dose , you must remove the protective cap from the blister 1 . remove the protective cap from the blister 1 . remove the protective cap from the blister 1 . hold the protective cap . 3 . breathe out gently ( 3 . 4 . breathe out through the syringe ). 4 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe out gently through the syringe . 4 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the mouth . 3 . breathe in gently through the
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 75 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use this medicine if you are aged 75 years and over at the same dose as for other adults . when to inhale seebri breezhaler use this medicine at the same time each day . this will also help you to remember to use it . you can inhale this medicine any time before or after food or drink . how to inhale seebri breezhaler - seebri breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation capsules . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new seebri breezhaler inhaler that is supplied in the pack . - dispose of each inhaler after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more seebri breezhaler than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of seebri breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . if you forget to use seebri breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible on that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . how long to continue your treatment with seebri breezhaler - keep using this medicine for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
your doctor will work out your dose of this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given riximyo as a drip ( injection ) into a vein . this will usually be in the hospital or injection under the supervision of your doctor . your doctor or nurse will prepare the medicine for you . the medicine will be given as an injection into a vein ( intravenous injection ) over a period of 5 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by injection . it is given as an injection into a vein ( intravenous injection ) over several hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse .
topotecan_actavis will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given topotecan as a drip ( infusion ) into a infusion . the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . when topotecan is given in combination with topotecan for the treatment of advanced kidney disease , the usual dose of topotecan is 30 mg / m2 of body surface area twice a day . your doctor or nurse will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . topotecan is given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") directly into your infusion . the first infusion will be given over 30 minutes . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one tablet of this medicine once daily . if you have reduced kidney function , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , which may need to be given as separate tablets of rivastigmine_hexal and 1 . 5 mg twice daily . if you take more rivastigmine teva than you should if you have accidentally taken too many rivastigmine teva tablets , or if someone else has taken your tablets , consult a doctor straight away . you may require medical attention . take the medicine pack with you . if you forget to take rivastigmine actavis if you find you have forgotten to take your dose of rivastigmine teva , wait and take your next dose at the usual time . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
cabometyx will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe the best medicine for you . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day for 2 days . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you take more cabometyx than you should if you take more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take qtern if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is within 12 hours of the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking qtern do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . pemetrexed_hospira is given as an infusion into a veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetrexed_hospira in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and weight . cisplatin is also given by infusion into one of your veins , and is given approximately 30 minutes after the infusion of pemetrexed lilly has finished . the infusion of cisplatin will last approximately 2 hours . you should usually receive your infusion once every every 5 weeks . additional medicines : corticosteroids : your doctor will prescribe you steroid tablets ( equivalent to 4 milligram of dexamethasone twice a day ) that you will need to take on the day before , on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 5 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking this_medicine . you must take at least 30 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed lilly . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed lilly . you will also receive an infusion of vitamin b12 ( 5 micrograms ) in the week before administration of pemetrexed lilly and then approximately every 4 weeks as directed by your doctor . this medicine is given to you to reduce the frequency and severity of skin reactions that you may experience during your anticancer treatment . vitamin supplementation : your doctor will prescribe you oral folic acid ( vitamin ) or a multivitamin containing folic acid ( 350 to 5 micrograms ) that you must take once a day while you are taking pemetrexed lilly . you must take at least 30 doses during the seven days before the first dose of pemetrexed lilly . you must continue taking the folic acid for 21 days after the last dose of pemetrexed lilly . you will also receive an infusion of vitamin b12 ( 4 micrograms of 5 mg ) in the second week and on the day of , and the day after pemetrexed lilly treatment . this medicine is given to you to reduce the this_medicine toxic effects of the anticancer treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of pulmonary disease . the doctor will decide the best dose for you . during your treatment , the doctor may prescribe a lower or lower dose . do not exceed the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience in your condition . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with ganfort should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with experience in your condition . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your eye unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to use the recommended dose is 1 drop in each nostril once a day in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will decide how much ganfort you need and for how long . the maximum daily dose is 1 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will decide how long you should use ganfort . the maximum daily dose is 1 . 5 mg per kilogram body weight . depending on how you respond to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . the maximum dose is 1 . 5 mg per day . however , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to treatment . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you need to use it . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . if you need to stop treatment , first talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have mild or severe kidney or kidney problems the recommended starting dose is 1 drop in each nostril once per day . if you have not responded to treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . it is very important that you continue to take 1 spray for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . if you use more pecfent than you should if you use more pecfent than you should or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine , contact a doctor or hospital for advice immediately . medical treatment may be necessary . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 250 mg tablet once a day . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 250 mg three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take tesavel if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is less than 12 hours until your next dose , skip the missed tablet . then take your next dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking this medicine this medicine is for long - term use . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
reblozyl will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given 1.25 as a weigh injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this will take about one week . your doctor will carry out blood tests regularly and may adjust the dose of this medicine . your doctor will work out your dose . this is based on your body weight and the results of your blood tests . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , or the child you are caring for . the duration of your treatment is up to 1 year based on the doctor ' s judgement for you , or the child you are caring for . all patients if you are injecting this medicine yourself , please be sure that the dose that has been prescribed is clearly provided on the package of medicine you receive . if you are given more dexmedetomidine actavis than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because you may get some of the side effects as described in section 3 " possible side effects ". if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 capsule ( 4 capsules ) once a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 1 capsule each day . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . the capsules should be swallowed whole with water . the capsules can be taken with or without food . if you take more capsules than you should if you take more capsules than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take revestive it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose , work out how long it is since you should have taken your dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is within 1 hour before your next dose is due , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit after taking a dose of this medicine , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose to make up for
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or break the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more antacids than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , contact your doctor or go to the nearest hospital emergency room straight away . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take this_medicine if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , do not take the missed dose . wait and take the next dose at the regular time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you stop taking medicines you should not stop taking medicines without talking to your doctor first . if you stop treatment , your symptoms may re - appear . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many zyprexa tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of zyprexa zyprexa europe is between 20 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking zyprexa disperzi unless your doctor tells you to . you should take your zyprexa tablets once a day following the advice of your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it is important that you continue to take zyprexa zentiva until your doctor tells you otherwise . patients with high blood pressure the usual dose is 20 mg once a day . if you take more zyprexa velotab than you should patients who have taken more zyprexa velotab than they should , have experienced the following symptoms : rapid beating of the heart , sweating , unable_to_sleep , anxiety , anxiety or nausea and vomiting might occur . your doctor may suggest you to reduce the dose gradually before stopping treatment . if you forget to take zyprexa disperzi take your tablets as soon as you remember . do not take two doses in one day . if you stop taking zyprexa velotab do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your doctor will decide how much prolia you will be given and how often you will be given prolia . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of this medicine . the usual starting dose is 60 mg per kg of body weight , given once every 60 weeks . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the maximum dose is 0 . 5 mg per kilogram of body weight , given once a month . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
ambirix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is trained in the use of injection . always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . ambirix is given as an injection into a vein . the vaccine should never be given into a vein . the first injection will be given into a vein . the first injection of the vaccine will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . a second injection of 0 . 2 ml / ml ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine will be given into a vein . this will usually be in the upper arm . the double injections will be given into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
your doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine in accordance with official recommendations . the vaccine will be injected into the muscle of the upper arm ( deltoid muscle ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . adults , children and adolescents from 2 years of age : one dose of 0 . 5 ml of the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . children and adolescents ( aged 2 to 11 years ) the doctor or nurse will administer the vaccine into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). the vaccine should never be given into a muscle . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask the doctor or nurse who is giving you the child . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken orally ( morning and evening ). your doctor will advise you on the right dose for you . do not change the dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the capsules whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 1 equal doses . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dose . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not take more than the recommended dosage and take the medicine for as long as prescribed . your doctor has determined the correct dose of this medicine based on how much you or the child you are caring for weighs . adults the recommended dose is 1 mg per kg body weight taken orally once daily for 1 week , then 1 mg per kg body weight taken once a day ( 1x 1 mg ) in the morning and 1 in the evening > 20 mg in the evening . children and adolescents from 1 year of age weighing 1 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg 20 mg every other week not applicable children and adolescents from 1 year to 20 years of age weighing 20 kg to less than 20 kg
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose . this medicine will be given as an infusion into a veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general condition and your response to docetaxel teva . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him results of your blood tests . such information will allow her / him to decide whether a dose reduction is needed . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg bodyweight each day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 4 mg once a day . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have the impression that the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not able to take this medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . if you take more this medicine than you should if you have taken more medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take this medicine if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ecalta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine by your doctor or nurse . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m ) and will determine the dose you need and for how long . this medicine is given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). this medicine is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . this will take about 3 to 14 minutes . your doctor may change your dose of this medicine based on your blood sugar level . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
adynovi will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given adynovi as an injection , usually into a vein ( intravenously ) or into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or a tube that goes into a vein ( intravenously ) or
how much to use always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is 250 mg given once a week . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 250 mg once a day . your doctor may decide to increase your dose to 250 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how long you will need based on your response to treatment . your doctor will discuss with you how long your treatment will last . do not stop treatment with this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have questions about this medicine , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor , pharmacist or nurse has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 22 days . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . it will also help you to remember to use it . your doctor will tell you how much vilanterol to use each day and at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . to help you remember to use revinty_ellipta , you may find it easier to use it at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should not use revinty_ellipta more than once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use elebrato ellipta regularly it is very important that you use elebrato ellipta every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . it will also help you to remember to use it . your doctor will tell you how often you need to use them . use in children and adolescents your_quick-acting_inhaler can be used in adolescents and children aged 6 years and above . use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not sure how much of this medicine to use , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you have further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take atripla exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of atripla is 1 capsule ( 2 g of 4 mg ) per day . take the tablet in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you think the effect of this medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more emtricitabine than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose of this medicine , contact your doctor or nearest hospital emergency department immediately for advice . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . if you forget to take emtricitabine it is important not to miss a dose of this medicine . if you do miss a dose and it is : more than 4 hours until your next dose - take the missed dose with food as soon as possible . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you are not sure what to do , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with orgalutran will be supervised by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with leg . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide how much orgalutran you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 5 micrograms per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to a maximum of 30 ml per kg body weight ). the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your body weight . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 30 micrograms per kg body weight ). the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 30 micrograms per kg body weight ). the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ). the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg twice a day . your doctor will decide how much you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 30 micrograms per kg body weight ). the maximum dose depends on your body weight . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ). the maximum dose is 30 mg / kg body weight twice a day . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long . the maximum dose depends on your body weight . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ). the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight . the maximum dose depends on your body weight . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long . the maximum dose depends on your body weight . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml per kg body weight ). the maximum dose depends on your body weight . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need and for how long . the maximum dose depends on your body weight . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight . the maximum dose is 30 micrograms per kg body weight ( equivalent to 0 . 5 ml ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long each day . if you have not been treated before for the first time , your doctor will decide whether to stop the treatment . your doctor will decide how much pressure you need and for how long each day .
how it is given blitzima will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine alone or other health care professional . this medicine will only be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given this medicine during the treatment . this medicine is given as an infusion ( drip ) over a period of at least 1 hour . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
roactemra will be given to you in a hospital by a doctor or a nurse who are experienced in the care of patients with nurse . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . check with your doctor or nurse if you are not sure . roactemra is given as an nurse into a nurse . this will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a nurse . this will be given as an infusion ( drip ) into a nurse . this will be given as a daily slow injection into the vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 30 to 8 hours . the recommended dose is 8 mg / kg body weight given once a week for 2 to 8 weeks . the first dose will be given within 8 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the first dose will be given within 12 hours after the transplant operation . the maximum daily dose is 12 capsules ( 12 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 2 separate doses . this means taking 12 tablets in the morning then 8 tablets in the evening . children there is no information for the use of corticosteroids in children with corticosteroids . if you use more corticosteroids than you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are concerned that you may have been given too much medicine . if you think that you have been given too much medicine , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you miss a dose of corticosteroids if you are concerned that you may have missed a dose , talk to your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 300 days . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you should use this medicine every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have difficulty swallowing the capsules whole , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how to inhale xoterna breezhaler - xoterna breezhaler is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( xoterna breezhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . if you use more airexar spiromax than you should if you have inhaled too much of this medicine or if someone else accidentally uses your capsules , you must immediately either tell your doctor or go to the nearest emergency unit . show the pack of xoterna breezhaler . medical attention may be needed . you may notice that your heart is beating faster than usual , or you may have a headache , feel drowsy , feel nauseous or have to vomit , or you may notice visual disturbances , feel constipated or have difficulty when passing in any of the package . if you forget to use xoterna breezhaler if you forget to inhale a dose at the usual time , inhale one as soon as possible that day . then , inhale the next dose as usual the next day . do not inhale more than one dose on the same day . how long to continue your treatment with xoterna breezhaler keep using xoterna breezhaler for as long as your doctor tells you . copd is a long - term disease and you should use ulunar breezhaler every day and not only when you have breathing problems or other symptoms of copd . if you have questions about how long to continue your treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you have further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 300 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bms ( 1 tablet of 300 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_hcs per day as described above . you should take this medicine for at least 12 - 3 consecutive days . after you have experienced any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of fetcroja is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . how fetcroja is given this medicine will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 2 to 3 hours . you will be monitored while you are given this medicine . it is important to take this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to take it . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and inject this medicine . this medicine is for single use only . it is recommended that you use this medicine exactly as your doctor or nurse has told you . it is very important that you do not miss a dose of this medicine . if you miss a dose of this medicine , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using tesavel do not stop using this medicine without talking to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
depocyte will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the care of patients with injections . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . depocyte is given as an injections just under the injections ( subcutaneously ). your doctor or nurse will decide how much depocyte you need and for how long . the recommended dose is 2 mg for every kg of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the dose will be calculated for you by the doctor and will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 25 mg per kg body weight twice a week . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to 28 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the medicine . method and route of administration swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not divide , crush or split the tablets . if you are unable to swallow the tablets , you can dissolve them in a glass of still water or apple juice : put the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets . if you take more temozolomide teva than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . if you forget to go back to your doctor at the scheduled time , ask your doctor for advice .
general information about taking this medicine : always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much seebri breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for this_medicine . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly people you can use this medicine if you are aged a diabetic weight . this medicine is for inhalation use . - in this pack , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . only use the capsules with the inhaler provided in this pack ( seebri breezhaler inhaler inhaler ). the capsules should remain in the blister until you need to use them . - peel the backing away from the blister to open it - do not push the capsule through the foil . - when you start a new pack , use the new inhaler supplied in this new pack . - dispose of the inhaler in each pack after all capsules in that pack have been used . - do not swallow the capsules . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to use the inhaler . - please read the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information on how to
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel hexal ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of zyllt per day as described above . you should take this medicine for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel hexal than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take iscover if you forget to take a dose , do not worry . take it as soon as you remember then carry on as before . if you do not take your tablet on one day , take your normal dose on the next day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
your treatment with lamivudine_teva has been prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of pulmonary disease . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how much lamivudine_teva you need to take and how long you should continue to take them . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . if you take more your_infection than you should if you take more of this medicine than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital accident and emergency department immediately . take the medicine pack with you . this is so the doctor knows what you have taken . if you forget to take any_serious_problems if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten tablet . do not stop taking this medicine , even if you are feeling well unless your doctor tells you to do so . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
the dose of pemetrexed lilly is 500 iu for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of your body . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or stopped may be adjusted by your doctor based on your blood tests and your general condition . your doctor will use the lowest effective dose to control the symptoms of your unwell . if you have the impression that the effect of iron_supplements is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you are given more iron_supplements than you should be if you have received doses higher than those recommended , you must be carefully monitored by your doctor . this is because check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure .
macugen will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . your doctor or nurse will give you macugen as an injections into your eye ( intravitreal injection ) in your eyes or eyes ( eyes ). the injections will be given into your eyes . the injections will be injected into your eyes . the injections will be given into your eyes . the first dose of injections will be given over 6 hours . your doctor or nurse will give you macugen as a single injection into your eye ( intravitreal use ). the vaccine should never be given into a eye or into the eyes ( ocular use ). the vaccine should never be given into a eye or into the eyes ( eyes ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
kepivance will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this chemotherapy . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given kepivance as a drip ( intravenous cancer_treatment ). radiotherapy is given alone and will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a cancer_treatment which will take at least three weeks . the infusion will last approximately three hours . if you respond well to chemotherapy , you may be given radiotherapy as a maintenance cancer_treatment . this will be given as an intravenous infusion (" drip ") which will be given once a week for three weeks . repeated courses of treatment with radiotherapy are possible . depending on the signs and symptoms of your disease , your doctor will decide when you should receive more mabthera . this may be given in combination with radiotherapy . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). this medicine can be taken with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take cinacalcet_accordpharma . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take it . for patients who are unable to swallow whole tablets , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink and take all the dose immediately . your doctor or pharmacist will work out the dose you need based on your height and regular_blood_samples . your doctor will calculate the dose for you . the dose will be adjusted by your doctor based on your height and regular_blood_samples . the usual dose is 0 . 3 mg / m2 body surface area twice a day . your doctor will regularly check if the medicine is working for you . your doctor will also monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . if you have questions about how long to take this medicine , talk to your doctor .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with jentadueto should be started and monitored by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of jentadueto is based on your body weight . the usual starting dose is one tablet of 2,000 2,000 5 mg twice a day . your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with half a glass of water . you can take your tablet with or without food . if you have difficulty swallowing the tablet whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take jentadueto . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water . if you take more jentadueto than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , talk to a doctor or pharmacist immediately . if you forget to take synjardy if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if you do not remember until it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not take a double dose of yentreve to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking synjardy do not stop taking your tablets without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 18 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not chew , crush or chew the tablet . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , talk to your doctor about other ways to take edurant . the tablet may be crushed and mixed with water or apple puree immediately before you take it . for example , if you are unable to swallow the tablet whole , you can crush and combine them with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults and children ( 6 years of age and older ) the recommended dose is either 0 . 5 mg twice a day . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose if you have kidney problems . your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 4 . 4 mg of 3 mg twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day . if you have moderate or severe kidney problems , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . in this case , you will have to take the tablets only once or twice a day .
always take avandamet exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 1000 mg ( 2 tablets of 2 mg rosiglitazone and 2 tablets of 2 mg ), two times a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual dose is one tablet in the morning and one tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g . if you are elderly ), your doctor may prescribe half the dose i . e ., one half 4 mg tablet of rosiglitazone in the morning and 4 tablets in the evening . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets of rosiglitazone and 4 tablets of 8 mg once a day . if you are being treated for hes / cel : the starting dose is 1000 mg , to be taken as 4 tablets rosiglitazone -
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel_mylan per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of clopidogrel bgr ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the recommended dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel bgr per day as described above . you should take clopidogrel bgr for as long as your doctor continues to prescribe it . if you take more clopidogrel 1a pharma than you should contact your doctor or the nearest hospital emergency department because of the increased risk of bleeding . if you forget to take clopidogrel 1a pharma if you forget to take a dose of clopidogrel 1a , but remember within 12 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you forget for more than 12 hours , simply take the next single dose at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 7 , 14 , 28 and 84 tablets pack sizes , you can check the day on which you last took a tablet of clopidogrel 1a by referring to the calendar printed on the blister . if you stop taking clopidogrel 1a generics do not stop the treatment unless your doctor tells you so . contact your doctor or pharmacist before stopping . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 60 mg ) in the morning and 8 capsules in the evening . children and adolescents from 8 years of age weighing 5 kg to less than 13 years of age : a dose of 20 mg , followed by 20 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 60 mg once a day ( 1x 60 mg ) in the second week and to 60 mg ( two 20 mg tablets ) once a day as advised by your doctor . children aged 8 to 13 years of age : the recommended dose is 5 mg twice a day for 8 weeks , followed by 20 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg , followed by 60 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 20 mg
rapiscan will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you . the dose of rapiscan is based on your body weight . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the right dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for every kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide the most appropriate dose for you . the usual starting dose is 10 mg for each kilogram of body weight . you will be given one injection of rapiscan in your upper arteries approximately 9 minutes after the initial dose . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor .
always take viagra exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . the usual starting dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food , the tablet can be divided into equal doses . the tablets can be taken with or without food . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you cannot swallow the tablets whole , you may crush and combine them with a small amount of food or drink , and take all the dose immediately . if you take more viagra than you should if you have taken more tablets than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take 100 - if you forget a dose , take it as soon as you remember . if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . you may take it with or without food . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should continue to take pramipexole teva . this is to check that you are being given the right amount of medicine . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change your dose unless your doctor has told you to . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 3 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet pramipexole teva 0 . 088 mg three times a day ( equivalent to 0 . 264 mg daily ): 1st week number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole_salt 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 6 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole_salt 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets pramipexole_salt 0 . 088 mg three times a day total daily dose ( mg ) 0 . 264 this will be increased every 6 - 7 days as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled ( maintenance dose ). 2nd week 3rd week number of tablets 1 tablet pramipexole_salt 0 . 18 mg three times a day or 2 tablets pramipexole_salt . if you have moderate kidney disease , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . in this case , monitoring of your kidney function should be performed by your doctor at specified intervals . administration pramipexole accord should be administered orally once a day . to benefit from your medicine you should take it regularly every day at the same time of the day . the tablets should be swallowed with some water . the tablets can be taken with or without food . if you take more pramipexole accord than you should if you take more tablets than you have been told to take , contact your doctor for advice . if you forget to take pramipexole_salt if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time to take the next dose , skip the missed dose . - then continue with your normal schedule . - do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop taking pramipexole accord do not stop taking your tablets suddenly . if you feel better , it is important that you carry on taking aripiprazole accord for as long as your doctor tells you . if you suddenly stop taking this medicine , it may increase your risk of having another heart attack or apathy or anxiety . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . method of administration emadine is for oral use . you should swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open or crush the bottle . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one drop of emadine at a time . do not touch your eye or eyelid , surrounding areas or other surfaces with the dropper . it could infect the drops . gently press on the base of the bottle to release one
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 16 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet of 1 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . add - on therapy dose in adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing 50 kg or more : general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . levetiracetam teva must be taken twice daily , once in the morning and once in the evening , at about the same time each day . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 6 years of age ): general dose : between 1 , 000 mg and 3 , 000 mg each day . example : if your daily dose is 1 , 000 mg , you might take 2 tablets of 250 mg in the morning and 2 tablets of 250 mg in the evening . dose in infants ( 1 month to 23 months ), children ( 2 to 11 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg : your doctor will prescribe the most appropriate pharmaceutical form of levetiracetam according to the age , weight and dose . an oral solution is a formulation more appropriate to infants and children under the age of 6 years and to children and adolescent ( from 6 to 17 years ) weighing less than 50 kg and when tablets don ' t allow accurate dosage . method of administration swallow matever tablets with a sufficient quantity of liquid ( e . g . a glass of water ). you may take levetiracetam accord with or without food . after oral administration the bitter taste of levetiracetam may be available . if you take more levetiracetam teva than you should : if you accidentally take too many tablets , contact your doctor or nearest hospital casualty department immediately for advice . if you forget to take levetiracetam teva - if you forget to take a dose of levetiracetam teva , but remember within 6 hours of your usual time , take your tablet straight away and then take your next tablet at the usual time . if you stop taking levetiracetam teva there are no side - effects caused by stopping treatment with levetiracetam teva . in case you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should if you use more elebrato ellipta than you should , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you forget to use elebrato ellipta if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember . however , if it is nearly time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule . do not use a double dose of elebrato ellipta once a day . if you stop using elebrato ellipta use this medicine for as long as your doctor recommends . don ' t stop unless your doctor advises you to , even if you feel better , as your symptoms may get worse . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). the recommended dose is 100 mg given once a week by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with nucala , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . do not try to inject yourself if you have not been trained . for instructions on how to inject yourself with this medicine , please read the section at the end of this leaflet . if you use more injections than you should this medicine will be given by your doctor or nurse , it is unlikely that you will be given too much . if you think you have injected more eporatio than you should , tell your doctor . it is unlikely to be serious . even at very high blood levels , no symptoms of attacks have been observed . if you forget to use injections if you miss an injection , or injected too little , talk to your doctor . do not inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you stop using eporatio before you stop using this medicine , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
always take ninlaro exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 15 mg twice a day for 14 days followed by 14 days without 21 - day treatment . this is increased to one 40 mg tablet once a day for 14 days followed by 21 days without 40 mg every other week starting two weeks later . if you are being treated for mds / mpd the starting dose is 22 mg , to be taken as 2 tablets of 22 mg in the morning and 3 tablets of 22 mg in the evening . children and adolescents from 3 to 23 years of age weighing 22 kg or more first dose of 22 mg , followed by 22 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 25 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 72 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 22 kg first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 22 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 23 years of age weighing 15 kg to less than 22 kg first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 22 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 23 years of age weighing 22 kg or more the recommended dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 22 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 23 years of age weighing 22 kg or more the recommended dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 22 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 23 years of age weighing 22 kg or more the recommended dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg one week later . thereafter , the usual dose is 22 mg every other week . not applicable children and adolescents from 3 to 23 years of age weighing 22 kg or more the recommended dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 22 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , followed by 25 mg two weeks later . if a faster response is required , your doctor may prescribe a first dose of 25 mg , to be taken as 15 mg once a day , depending on how you respond to 23 . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . if you have the impression that the effect of lenalidomide is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more lenalidomide than you should if you accidentally take more than the recommended dose , you should contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to take lenalidomide if you forget to take your dose on time , take it as soon as possible on that day . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you or your child stops taking amsparity the decision to stop using halimatoz should be discussed with your child ' s doctor . your child ' s doctor may return upon stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take palforzia exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose is 80 mg once a day ( taken as 2 capsules of 2 mg ) in the morning and 4 capsules in the evening . children there is no information for the use of palforzia in children with a heart transplant . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not cut , crush or chew the capsules . it is important that you take all your medicine as instructed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , speak to your doctor or pharmacist . if you take more sachets than you should if you accidentally take more enzepi than you should , talk to a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . take the medicine pack and this leaflet with you . if you forget to take cufence if you forget to take a dose , take it as soon as you remember it . however , if it is nearly time for the next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
always take zerene exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with zerene should be started by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of 65 years . always take the dose recommended by your doctor . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if you are not able to take the medicine as your doctor prescribed or you feel you do not need it anymore , contact your doctor straight away . how much to take adults and children ( including 65 years ) and adolescents ( 12 to 65 years ) the starting starting dose is 5 mg per kg body weight taken twice a day ( morning and evening ). your doctor may decide to reduce the dose to 5 mg for each kilogram of body weight . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . your doctor will decide how long you must continue treatment for . if you take more nexium control than you should if you have taken more than the prescribed dose of piqray you should contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you forget to take nexium control if you miss a dose , take it as soon as you remember and carry on as usual . however , if it is nearly time to take your next dose , skip the missed dose . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . do not take more than one dose on the same day . return to taking one tablet once a week , as originally scheduled on your chosen day . if you stop taking nordimet stopping your treatment with piqray may cause your condition to get worse . do not stop taking your capsules without the advice of your doctor even if you feel better . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fatigue - increased heartbeat - a change in your sense of taste - vomiting ( nausea ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fainting - dehydration ( low red blood cell count ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - itching - rash - dark coloured urine in the stools - retina ( foot ) in the foot of the blood vessels in the foot of the blood vessels in the back of the leg - gout uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding - a severe decrease in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fainting - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - itching - rash - dark coloured urine in the stools - retina ( foot ) in the foot of the blood vessels in the foot of the blood vessels in the back of the leg - gout uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding - a severe decrease in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fainting - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , itching - rash - dark coloured urine in the stools - retina ( foot ) - pain in the back of the stomach and back - inflammation of the urinary bladder - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gout ) - gout uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fainting - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - itching - rash - dark coloured urine in the centre of the retina ( foot ) - pain in the back of the stomach and back - inflammation of the urinary bladder - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gout ) - gout uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fainting - dehydration - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath , itching - rash - dark coloured urine in the stools - retina ( foot ) in the foot of the blood vessels or foot ( foot ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( gout ) - gout uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your throat ( urticaria ) - a severe and potentially severe allergic reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , rash , peeling skin , hives , urticaria ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( a type of rash with a widespread rash with peeling skin , particularly around the foot area of the anus ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a widespread rash with peeling skin , particularly around the foot ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a widespread rash with peeling skin , particularly around the foot ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a widespread rash with peeling skin , particularly around the foot ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by hives and urticaria . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by hives and urticaria . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately or go to the nearest hospital immediately if you experience symptoms of liver problems ( including hepatitis ) liver problems including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions ( death . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions ( including eyes and eyes ) stomach pain , eczema , dark urine , liver function tests , liver function tests that may show up in blood tests : increase in the number of white blood cells or lymphocytes in your blood . symptoms may include liver problems such as eczema , eczema , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach or liver_enzymes , and increase in levels of liver enzymes ( in blood tests ). 3 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine : if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( more than 1 in 10 patients ). if this happens you must stop taking novonorm and talk to your doctor straight away ( see also " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking novonorm and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea - vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin , rash - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). symptoms may include swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea - vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin , rash - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include : swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects which may occur with novonorm are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea - vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin , rash - itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - these symptoms may be signs of anaphylactic reaction and coma ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). symptoms may include : swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea - vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin , rash - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include : swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea - vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin , rash - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include : swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy and sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea - vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin , rash - itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : if you have an anaphylactic reaction , which lasts continuously for more than one hours . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache injection site reactions , such as redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) 10_people_pain bruising , itching , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bruising , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) 10_people_pain , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . pain , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . injection site reactions such as itching , urticaria ( hives ), inflammation ( bruising ), vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). allergic reactions such as skin rashes , joint pain , muscle cramps , and encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), paralysis , inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ), skin rashes , joint pain , muscle cramps , encephalomyelitis ( a condition in which the immune system attacks the skin , vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) and vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels which can cause skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain ). neurological disorders such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barr syndrome . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms include : difficulty breathing , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or stinging . possible side effects with somakit_toc may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or stinging . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : swelling or itching at the injection site difficulty breathing stinging or swelling at the injection site such as swelling around the injection site may occur . these can be avoided by changing the catheter site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by afinitor are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): signs of pain , swelling , itching or redness of the skin , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible serious allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) serious allergic reactions swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness or coughing up blood , which may be signs of serious allergic reaction which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe rash , with or without a rash . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your liver . if you get itching , reddening of the skin , pain , swelling , redness or redness of the skin , loss of appetite , or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your liver . side effects with afinitor may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), nail problems , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), 46 tiredness , feeling weak , pain , redness , swelling ( oedema ), weight loss , loss of appetite , low levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ), increased appetite , dizziness , headache , rash 46 increased appetite , shortness of breath , high blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure ( hypertension ), hives , rash , itching , dry skin , dry skin , low blood levels of neutropenia ( neutropenia ), lymphopenia , leukopenia , increased appetite , dizziness , headache , rash 46 increased appetite , shortness of breath , high blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure ( hypertension ), hives , rash , itching , dry skin , dry skin , swallowing , dizziness , coughing up blood , low blood pressure , shortness of breath , high blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure when you stand up , hives , rash , itching , dry skin , dry skin , swallowing , dizziness , coughing up blood , which may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( a condition called " pulmonary embolism syndrome ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 ): angioedema ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). other possible signs of infection include : - urinary tract infection - sore throat - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis ) headache - pain in the upper abdomen and back fever - headache - pain in the back of the abdomen - itching of the skin - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blurred vision - changes in the colour of your eyes ( this may be a sign of glaucoma ) - difficulty and pain when passing urine these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or urinary retention ( frequency not known ) - dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe allergic reaction , which may include swelling of the face or throat , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory infections common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction , such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps . other side effects include : - headache , joint pain and arthralgia ( the signs of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ): - a decrease in the number of white blood cells . some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction , such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , with a severe rash , or other types of rash . other side effects include : - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infection , headaches , fainting , fainting , injection site pain , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ), nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding in the eye , fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding in the eye , fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : - bleeding or bleeding ( seen in a blood test ). - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , unexplained bruising , or unexplained bruising . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - bruising at the injection site - high blood pressure - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , tingling , numbness , urticaria , hives ( urticaria ), itchy skin , bruising - pain at the injection site - decreased red blood cell count - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , tingling , numbness , urticaria , hives ( urticaria ), itchy skin , bruising - pain at the injection site - decreased red blood cell count - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , tingling , numbness , urticaria , hives ( urticaria ), itchy skin , bruising - pain at the injection site - decreased red blood cell count - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy_red_skin - bruising at the injection site - hair loss - changes in the way things taste - increase in blood pressure - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - itchy skin - bruising - bruising - pain at the injection site - decreased red blood cell count - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - itchy skin - bruising - bruising - pain at the injection site - decreased red blood cell count - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria ( urticaria ) - bruising - pain at the injection site - hair loss ( alopecia ) - changes in skin colour - changes in your liver function test results - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - itchy skin - bruising - bruising - pain at the injection site - decreased red blood cell count - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - itchy skin - bruising - bruising - pain at the site of the injection - low platelet count in your blood - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives ( urticaria ) - skin irritation - bruising - pain at the injection site - hair loss - changes in the way things taste - increase in blood pressure - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - itchy skin - bruising - bruising at the injection site - hair loss - changes in the way things taste - increase in blood pressure - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - itchy skin - bruising - bruising - pain at the site of the injection - low platelet count in your blood - high blood sugar - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sudden wheeziness - difficulty breathing - dizziness - fainting - fainting - tingling or numbness ( urticaria ) - hives - urticaria - itchy skin - bruising - bruising - pain at the site of your injection - high level of sugar in your blood - high blood sugar - headache uncommon (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to get or maintain an erection feeling of burning in and around the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat may cause irritation or damage to the retina in the area around the penis . blood clots in the small blood vessels that can cause pain or discomfort in the pelvis , or mid - up of fluid around the penis with a high temperature . blood clots in the small blood vessels ( uncommon ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation or irritation in the eye . heart attack . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation and swelling of the retina in the area around the heart ( pericarditis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above or signs of an allergic reaction , tell your doctor immediately . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); blood in the urine ; protein in the urine ; swelling in the abdomen ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain with blood in the urine ; blood in the urine ; swelling in the abdomen ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain with blood in the urine ; blood in the urine ; swelling in the abdomen ; stomach distension ; inflammation of the pancreas ; severe abdominal pain , indigestion and heartburn ; constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; affect to light . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or severe rash ); inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn ; severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain and / or severe rash ); inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn ; severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people diabetes_mellitus ; increased sex b12 levels in the blood ; difficulty in sleeping ; trembling ; headache ; increased blood pressure ; liver problems ; diarrhoea ; nausea ; kidney problems common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased cholesterol in the blood ; decreased uric acid in the blood ; decreased appetite ; increased acidity in the blood ; decreased appetite ; increased acidity in the blood ; abnormal blood test results ; decreased appetite ; confusion ; disorientation ; depression ; mood changes ; nightmare ; hallucination ; loss of consciousness ; sensation of heart beating such as skipped beats ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; dizziness ; impaired sense of taste ; loss of consciousness ; eye eye_disorders ; ringing in the ears ; changes in your sense of smell ; bleeding in your eyes ; blood clots in the veins ; high blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; sudden onset or worsening of psoriasis ; cough ; flu - like symptoms ; stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain or diarrhoea ; indigestion ; passing wind ; bloating ; loose stools ; liver disorder ; yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ; itching ; itching ; pain in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; itching ; itching ; pain in your joints ; vomiting ; abdominal pain ; constipation ; indigestion ; passing wind ; bloating ; loose stools ; liver disorder ; yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching in the skin ; itching ; itching ; inflammation of the liver ; inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ; vomiting ; abdominal pain ; constipation ; indigestion ; passing wind ; bloating ; loose stools ; bile duct disorders ; yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; inflammation of the liver caused by inflammation of the liver ; itching ; itching ; pain in the mouth ; diarrhoea ; abdominal pain ; constipation ; indigestion ; passing wind ; bloating ; loose stools ; bile duct disorders ; yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; inflammation of the liver caused by inflammation of the liver ; swelling of the liver ; itching ; itching ; abdominal pain ; diarrhoea ; indigestion ; passing wind ; bloating ; loose stools ; liver disorder ; yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ; itching ; itching ; pain in the abdomen ; vomiting ; abdominal pain ; constipation ; indigestion ; passing wind ; bloating ; loose stools ; liver disorder ; yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching ; inflammation of the liver ; inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ; vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ; liver injury ; liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes ; itching ; itching ; pain in the abdomen ; diarrhoea ; abdominal pain ; constipation ; indigestion ; passing wind ; bloating ; loose stools ; liver disorder ; yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching ; inflammation of the liver ; inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ; vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes ; liver injury ; liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes ; itching ; itching ; abdominal pain ; diarrhoea ; bleeding_in_the_stomach ; abdominal pain ; diarrhoea ; indigestion ; passing passing stools ; bloating ; loose stools ; liver disorder ; yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ; itching ; itching of the skin ; itching ; itching ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching the skin may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_zentiva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness ; itching
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores around your mouth or any other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common side effects are headache , dizziness , fever , shortness of breath , wheezing , extreme drop in blood pressure and fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever and nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell or sudden drop in blood pressure . this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 people ), rash , feeling unwell or sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): severe rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , sudden cardiac attack , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever , and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell or sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 days of injection ) include : pain , swelling , hives , headache , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , sudden cardiac attack , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most frequently reported side effects are 7 below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 7 patients ) side effects are : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache , fever , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , sudden cardiac attack , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most frequently reported side effects are 7 below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 7 people ) side effects are : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache , fever , fever , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , sudden cardiac attack , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most frequently reported side effects are 7 below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 7 people ) side effects : - headache - dizziness - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - dizziness - headache - fever - fever - shortness of breath - feeling unwell - sudden cardiac attack ( fatigue ) - dizziness - headache - fever - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) - the most frequently reported side effects : - headache - dizziness - joint_pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - dizziness - headache - fever - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) - the most frequently reported side effects : - headache - dizziness - joint_pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - dizziness - headache - fever - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) - the most frequently reported side effects : - headache - dizziness - joint_pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - dizziness - headache - fever - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) - the most frequently reported side effects : - headache - dizziness - fever - fever - shortness of breath - wheezing - sudden onset of consciousness - fatigue - dizziness - headache - fever - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) - rash - feeling unwell - sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ) - the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 days of injection ) - rash - hives - headache - dizziness - nausea - shortness of breath - feeling unwell - sudden cardiac attack ( fatigue ) - dizziness - headache - fever - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) - drug rash - feeling unwell - sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ) - the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 days of injection ) - rash - hives - headache - dizziness - nausea - shortness of breath - feeling unwell - sudden cardiac attack ( fatigue ) - dizziness - headache - fever - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) - drug rash - feeling unwell - sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ) - the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 days of injection ) - rash - hives - headache - dizziness - nausea - shortness of breath - feeling unwell -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more remicade . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following breathing difficulties , or if you get fever , sweating , lightheadedness or infection ( signs of low blood pressure ) such as abscess ( e . g . abscess , mucosal ) or fever ( signs of a lung infection ) such as : - fever - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) - low white blood cell count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet count ( leucopenia ) - low platelet
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop taking rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms 24 from 24 - use of placebo . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasms - joint stiffness ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased weight - abnormal dreams - confusion - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - runny nose - irritation of the throat ( angioedema ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - joint stiffness - abnormal sensations in the skin ( including numbness and muscle weakness ) - joint stiffness ( myalgia ) - joint stiffness ( myalgia ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased weight - abnormal dreams uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - sudden onset of blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , tired , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  abdominal pain , eczema , increased sweating , night sweats , blood in urine , kidney problems , scarring , ringing in the ears , ear pain , buzzing , numbness , tingling , prickling , prickling , migraine , migraine , dizziness , vertigo , double vision , hearing loss , buzzing , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , nose bleed , cold sores , inflammation , problems with sensation , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , abdominal swelling , indigestion , vomiting , other allergic reactions , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in urine , blood in urine , blood in the urine , muscle weakness , lungs , muscle weakness , injection site reactions , such as redness , swelling , inflammation or bruising . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : severe rash , wheezing or breathing difficulties , or symptoms such as breathing difficulties , wheezing , feeling faint , dizziness , itching of the skin or blisters , or changes in skin colour , or sugar in your urine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . allergic reactions ( serious allergic reaction ) such as breathing difficulties , wheezing , or feeling faint , low blood pressure and dizziness , breathing difficulties . these symptoms can be signs of anaphylactic reaction . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , increased heart rate , nose bleed , vomiting , acid reflux , rash , itching of the skin , abnormal skin sensations , sugar in the sugar , sugar . this will be detected by your doctor . allergic reactions such as breathing difficulties , wheezing , chest pain , low blood pressure . increased heart rate . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : fever or other breathing problems tell your doctor immediately . if you get any of the following symptoms : skin rash , blisters or peeling of the skin over your whole body , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( drug reactions ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you have a temperature of the following side effects after taking erleada : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever and feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased weight - reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer . for more information , see the box at the end of this leaflet . side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : - pain and rash . the following side effects have been reported with the use of the_medicine : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in the colour of the tongue , slow or slow heartbeat , side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): cancer of the bone marrow . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , visual disturbance , back pain , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , asthma , nose bleeds , inflammation or pain , redness , swelling , itching decreased appetite , low blood pressure , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , visual disturbance , dry eye , dry eye , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , feeling abnormal abnormal blurred heart tracing , high blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , sinus disorder , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , swelling of the face , muscle pain , joint pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , visual disturbances , ringing in the ears , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal stool , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides , increased triglycerides ( a type of white blood cell ) and infection , rash , pain in extremity , pain_in_extremity , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal laboratory tests . increased or increased blood pressure , facial pain , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , burning sensation , chest pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , swollen throat , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal stool , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides , increased triglycerides ( a type of white blood cell ) and infection , rash , pain in extremity , pain_in_extremity , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal passing urine , increased need to urinate at night , generalised rash , rash , pain in extremity , muscle pain , joint pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , visual disturbances , ringing in the ears , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal stool , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides , increased triglycerides ( a type of white blood cell ) and infection , rash , pain in extremity , pain_in_extremity , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal passing urine , increased need to urinate at night , generalised rash , rash , pain in extremity , muscle pain , joint pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , visual disturbances , ringing in the ears , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , intestinal gas , abnormal liver function , increased blood pressure , increased or increased liver enzymes in the blood , infection , rash , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , abnormal sensation in the eye , loss of hearing , change in heart rate , sense of taste , burning sensation , chest pain , sneezing , asthma , viral infection , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal laboratory test results , increased frequency of urination . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm , feeling of burning in the chest , pain in the chest , muscle pain , joint pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , intestinal gas , abnormal liver function , increased blood pressure , increased or increased skin sensitivity , infection , rash , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , abnormal sensation in the skin , increased sensitivity of skin to sun , rash , pain in extremity , muscle pain , joint pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of forxiga alone are : decrease in the number of blood platelets , which may cause shaking , sweating , sweating , breathing problems , dizziness , fast heart beat , fast heartbeat , urinary tract infection . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when this medicine is used with a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin , but it can be more likely to get low blood sugar . signs of low blood sugar : : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when you use taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin . 75 and low blood sugar may occur if you : experience signs of low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . 75 hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to your doctor if you experience low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin : 75 or low blood sugar : such as shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or insulin : 75 75 may cause low blood sugar , such as shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) signs of shaking , shaking , sweating , dizziness , a change in your mood or muscles . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin : 75 or low blood sugar : such as shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin : 75 or low blood sugar : such as shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell , and / or muscle pain , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling and redness , headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of urinary tract infection ) ( including pain , redness , swelling and reactions at the injection site ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia )  fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fever ), frequent urination , lump at the injection site , pain , redness , swelling and / or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia )  fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fever ), frequent urination , lump at the injection site , pain , redness , swelling and / or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia )  fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), frequent urination , lump at the injection site , pain , redness , swelling and / or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia )  fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), frequent urination , lump at the injection site , pain , redness , swelling and / or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of urinary tract infection ) ( including pain , redness , swelling and reactions at the injection site ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia )  fatigue , muscle spasms , pain , general feeling of being unwell ( fatigue ), frequent urination , lump at the injection site , pain , redness , swelling and / or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): o high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of urinary tract infection ) ( including pain , redness , swelling and reactions at the injection site ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of urinary tract infection ) ( including pain , redness , swelling and reactions
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness with symptoms such as flushing , rash , feeling hot , swelling , discomfort and feeling hot reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - symptoms of flushing - rash - feeling hot reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects stop taking mvasi and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing or chest pain . you could also have a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is a decrease in the amount of semen and / or amylase in your blood . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause you to shivering - chills or shivering - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing and / or chest pain . you may be having a sign of an allergic reaction . the most frequently reported adverse reactions of bevacizumab are taken with bevacizumab . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , tenderness , pain or tenderness in the joints , hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) muscle and joint pain muscle pain or joint muscular pain , muscular weakness , thirst , thirst , thirst or a reduced sense of touch inflammation of the stomach or intestine ( colitis ) rash , sores in the mouth , mouth , tongue or throat difficulty swallowing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions the signs may include difficulty breathing , chest pain , low blood pressure and low blood pressure . other side effects with bevacizumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , tenderness , pain or tenderness in the hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and needles ) lack of energy , pain in arms or legs , muscle spasms , joint or joint pain , muscular weakness , thirst , thirst , thirst or a tingling of the fingers or toes ( caused by a medicine ) rash , sores in your mouth and / or throat , painful joints , and difficulty swallowing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions the signs may include : difficulty breathing , chest pain , low blood pressure , and low blood pressure . other side effects with bevacizumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including serious headache , visual tract infections , redness of the eye , eye pain , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , increased eye pressure , presence of thirst , thirst , thirst , and / or reduced sense of touch , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . stomach and stomach ) pain , including pain in the lower abdomen , painful , or difficulty swallowing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions the signs may include difficulty breathing , chest pain , low blood pressure and low blood pressure . the following side effects have been observed with bevacizumab : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , including bronchial bleeding , eye swelling , redness_of_the_eye ( vision loss ), eye pain , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , increased eye pressure , swelling of the eyelid . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : - severely a severe infection , - fever , chills or breathing problems as these may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , vision or chest swelling , or fluid in your chest ) - swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - dizziness or lightheadedness , which may be signs of a serious condition called cytokine release syndrome ( a build - up of fluid in the tissues in the skull ). symptoms may include infection of the lung , which may be associated with infection or infection of the lung . - if you are being treated for infections , you may have a higher risk of infection ( for example , fever , chills , or breathing problems , as these may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular heartbeat , and arm or leg pain , - muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness , which may be caused by a condition called " sepsis " ( build - up of fluid in the body ). symptoms may include infection of the lung , which may be associated with infection or infection of the lung , which may be associated with fever , chills and rapid breathing ( signs of lung disorders ). - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular heart beat , heart rhythm disturbances , - swelling of the arms , legs or legs . - if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a condition called " sepsis " ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , bone or joint pain , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness , which may be caused by a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( a condition where the body ' s immune system attacks part of the skull ). symptoms may include infection of the lung , which may be life - threatening , - infections due to infection of the lung , which may be associated with fever , chills , rapid breathing ( signs of lung disorders ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular heart beat , heart rhythm disturbances , - swelling of the arms , legs or legs . - if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a condition called " sepsis " ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ). - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , acute stomach ( abdominal ) pain , bone pain . - muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness , which may be caused by a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have symptoms of infection or infection , including : infection of the urinary tract , accompanied by fever , chills , rapid breathing , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of infection such as : - fever - chills - breathlessness - cough - heart rhythm disturbances - coughing up blood - bleeding or bleeding in your brain or other parts of your skull . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects include nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular heartbeat , bone and joint pain , bone pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness , which may be caused by a sudden drop in blood pressure which may be life threatening . - a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your skull and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get symptoms such as infection , infection of the lymph nodes , fever , chills , breathing difficulties , coughing up of blood or blood clots - gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular heartbeat , arm or leg pain , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness with a drop in blood pressure which may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have a serious allergic reaction , stop taking januvia and tell your doctor immediately . if you experience a serious allergic reaction , including hives and itching , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking combination of a severe allergic reaction ( hives , rash , itching , red skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking side_effects have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking combination antiretroviral medicines such as sitagliptin may cause a severe allergic reaction ( hives , rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking combination antiretroviral medicines such as sitagliptin may cause the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when sitagliptin is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone : common : flu , dry mouth , constipation , stomach ache and vomiting when starting the combination of sitagliptin and pioglitazone together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced a serious allergic reaction ( hives , rash , itching , swelling of the skin , peeling skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking combination antiretroviral medicines such as sitagliptin may cause the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when sitagliptin is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone : common : flu , dry mouth , constipation some patients have experienced
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness , itching , bruising and swelling ) 44 if you have a temperature of a condition called a condition called " sepsis " ( a disease that this is a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you develop a rash , itching , peeling or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience fever and any of the above symptoms or treatment , stop taking giotrif and tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - indigestion , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , itching , pain ( conjunctivitis ) - metallic sense of taste . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea - lung infection - low blood platelet count . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - rash , itching , dry skin , pain , inflammation and inflammation ( phlebitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , rash and rash . the other side effects have been reported with orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , pain , eyes , loss of appetite , nausea , increased liver enzymes in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , cough , shortness of breath ( may be signs of gastrointestinal perforation ) abdominal pain , rash , raised liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rash , raised number of platelets in the blood , which may cause rash , redness and pain increase in liver enzymes ( in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ringing in the ears , ear pain , ear discomfort , ear discomfort . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions , including dizziness , rash , itchy rash and hives ( allergic reactions ) rash 78 if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 , 000 people ): symptoms include rash , itching , heart attack , rapid heart rate , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , and uneven heart beat , feeling sick or sweating and these symptoms may be signs of low blood pressure , dizziness , rapid heart rate , irregular heartbeat , or uneven heart rate , feeling sick or sweating . these may be signs of a heart attack or heart attack or irregular heart beat , which may be symptoms of redness or swelling . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms : diarrhoea , sweating , rash , itching or itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of heart problems , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heart rate , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , and low blood pressure . symptoms of redness and swelling . symptoms of heart problems : feeling sick , vomiting and diarrhoea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : rash , sweating , low blood pressure , heart_attack heart rhythm , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , or low blood pressure ( symptoms of dizziness ) flushing , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , or low blood pressure ( symptoms of dizziness ) flushing , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , low blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , low blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , or low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , swelling and redness tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these symptoms . heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , as they may be signs of heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , as they may be signs of heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , as they may be signs of heart problems : feeling sick ( vomiting ) or diarrhoea . these could be symptoms of a heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , or low blood pressure ( symptoms of dizziness ) flushing , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty with or irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , or low blood pressure ( symptoms of dizziness ) flushing , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty in breathing with or without low blood pressure , which may be symptoms of dizziness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing , chest pain , chest pain , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or pain at the site of the injection . this usually clears up in anything from an injection site . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . blood clotting complications ( see section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). complications of ohss such as twisting of ovaries or blood clotting may occur rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately . serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found as blood in your urine . if you experience chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). serious side effects in men and women allergic reactions such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . serious side effects if you get any of the following , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : breathlessness , chest pain , chest pain , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . serious side effects if you get any of the following , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : breathlessness , chest pain , chest pain , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blood clots in the blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely . this could cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 . under " blood clotting problems "). serious side effects in men and women , such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . serious side effects if you get any of the following , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : breathlessness , chest pain , chest pain , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . serious side effects if you get any of the following , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : breathlessness , chest pain , chest pain , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blood clots in the blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . allergic reactions : get medical help right away if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , itchy and / or itchy patches or red spots caused by inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , which may be a sign of severe damage to the skin caused by inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . severe skin reaction ) - if you have a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , or the area of the mouth . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , gallstones , irritation and irritation ( including tooth zoster ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells called platelets - low level of blood platelets , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low sodium in the blood - anxiety , depression , anxiety , dizziness , abnormal skin sensations like tingling , tingling or numbness in the hands or feet ( neuropathy ) - double vision - inflammation of the eye ( cataract ) - double vision - inflammation of the eye - pain or inflammation in the eyelid - changes in the sense of taste - changes in the sense of taste - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - changes in the sense of taste - ringing in the ears - vertigo - a fall in blood pressure on standing up - constipation - indigestion - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver - enlarged liver - pancreas inflammation - gallstones - joint inflammation - inflammation of the pancreas - enlarged liver - gallstones - joint inflammation - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the pancreas , redness of the skin , joint_inflammation - painful and / or painful sores ( painful ) - painful and frequent urination ( painful and frequent urination ) - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - painful and frequent urination ( painful and / or sores ) - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver failure - gallstones - joint inflammation - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the fatty liver - inflammation of the liver
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , swelling , pain , itching , warmth or swelling at the injection site fatigue ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain where the injection is given itching , redness , swelling , warmth or pain where the injection is given warmth , warmth or itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects where the injection is given : itching , redness , swelling , warmth and pain where the injection is given , warmth , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) shaking , feeling dizzy , feeling of weakness , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints . these symptoms usually disappear within a couple of hours or days . talk to a doctor or nurse if 59 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) liver problems including difficulty swallowing , indigestion , itching of the skin ( pruritus ) itching of the skin ( pruritus ) itching ( pruritus ) discharge or discharge under the skin feeling anxious or feeling weak loss of consciousness low blood pressure ( which may make you feel faint or faint ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have a serious condition called " sepsis " ( progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ) or other serious condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your circulatory system ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uraemic syndrome ) stroke or brain failure ( including fatal outcome ) stroke heart attack ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) changes in your blood cells (' anaemia ') a high level of alkaline phosphatase in your blood fluid build up and swelling at the site of the injection kidney problems . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start zeposia . serious side effects the signs may include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving this medicine . the signs may include viruses , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat , and blurred vision . these could be signs of a bladder obstruction or breathlessness . if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat , visual brightness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , slow heart rate and breathlessness ( signs of breathlessness ) tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure when standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), breathlessness , breathlessness , chest swelling ( angina pectoris ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , slow heart rate and breathlessness ( signs of breathlessness ) tell your doctor if you notice any of the side effects listed above . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : wheezing or other signs of pneumonia ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). symptoms of a lung infection include fever or chills ; increased mucus production , change in mucus colour ; increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( this may be a symptom of a serious infection of the skin or throat ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . infection_of_the_lung may also cause serious side effects such as blurred or change in vision or other signs of pneumonia . this side effect is uncommon . it may affect up to 1 in 10 people : inflammation of the lung ( copd ) copd ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the lung ( copd ) inflammation of the lung ( a common side effect that may affect up to one in 1 , 000 people ) blurred vision 37 a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people : inflammation of the lung ( copd ) inflammation of the lung ( a common side effect that may affect up to one in 1 , 000 people ) blurred vision 37 the signs of this medicine may include blurred vision 37 , a swollen face , lips , mouth or throat ( possible signs of acute pancreatitis ) infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) nasal congestion ( hoarseness ) joint pain back pain constipation . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : irregular heart beat fractures ( fractures ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects 37 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you get a severe rash , itching , hives , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat severe itching of the skin ( anaphylaxis ) and flu - like symptoms . stop using zinforo if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a severe allergic reaction : - itching , hives , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with or without difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a severe allergic reaction : - itching - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin ( anaphylaxis ) - flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given , irritation or bruising . - bleeding . - if you have a low level of blood platelets , which may increase your risk of a low level of potassium in your blood . - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - a decrease in the level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - antibiotic not working well as well as it should ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , irritation , or pain where the injection is given , irritation , bruising or bleeding - a decrease in the levels of some white blood cells ( neutropenia ) shown in a blood test - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - a decrease in the level of creatinine in your blood - antibiotic shown in a blood test - antibiotic related to creatinine - a low level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - antibiotic not working well as treatment common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , swelling , or pain where the injection is given - irritation or bruising - bleeding or bleeding in the stomach or intestine - low levels of " leukocytes " a type of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) shown in a blood test - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - antibiotic not working well as well as it should ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , swelling , or pain where the injection is given - irritation or bruising - bleeding or bleeding - a decrease in the levels of some white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low levels of phosphate in the blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - antibiotic not working well as well as it should ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , swelling , or pain where the injection is given - irritation or bruising - bleeding or bleeding - a decrease in the levels of some white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( shown in a blood test ) - an increase in the level of creatinine called
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as pain_in_limb or headache , has very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), dizziness , drowsiness , feeling of spinning , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability , disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , fatigue , feeling abnormal blurred vision , double vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen . difficulties with erection . swelling of the body including extremities . feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking . weight gain . muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , pain_in_limb may cause sore throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar . change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , visual loss , increased eye sensitivity , clouding of the eye , increased eye pressure , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pneumonia ( which may cause difficulty in breathing , feeling weak , fast heartbeat , sweating , fever , muscle stiffness , sweating , dizziness , fainting ) - fall . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of these effects , or if you experience one or more of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a blood clot in the veins ( called veins ), legs , or other parts of your legs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the legs , which may be a sign of possible liver damage . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - cough - diarrhoea - nausea , abdominal pain - constipation - vomiting common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - increased appetite - dizziness - headache - muscular pain - 31 - back pain - joint pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - back pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising , falling , nail problems , feeling cold , cramps or disorientation - high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased appetite , stiffness and injury - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness - fainting - fainting - abnormal dreams - irregular heartbeat - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ) - dizziness - restlessness -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( including heart_failure ) and chest pain - these may be signs of a heart attack or abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ). tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following signs of allergic reactions or rash . if you get some or all of these side effects , stop taking zytiga and tell your doctor immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe infections ( sepsis ) ( sepsis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - heart failure - chest pain - abnormal heart rhythm - high blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - high blood pressure - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( palpitations ) - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate - heart failure - heart attack - chest pain - rapid heart rate - palpitations - irregular heart rhythm - palpitations - rapid heart rate -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : heart failure has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for sodium ; low blood measurements for calcium ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; autoantibodies present in the blood ; low blood potassium . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) raised blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience blisters and itching , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . this can be a sign of angina . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking paracetamol and call a doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop fever . signs of infection : - inflammation of the body ( bronchitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach or abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth - vomiting , flushing or palpitations - heart attack - low blood pressure , which may cause angina . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ritemvia . - you may be more likely to develop such a reaction if you have an infection . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with paracetamol . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the infusion or the area between the genitals and the genitals , seen very rarely . stop taking paracetamol and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following fever : infection of the body ( e . g . sore throat ) - runny nose - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach or abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth - vomiting , flushing or palpitations ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure , which may cause angina . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ritemvia . you may be more likely to develop such a reaction if you have an infection . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with paracetamol . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the infusion or the area between the genitals and the genitals , seen very rarely . stop taking paracetamol and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or infection for the first signs of infection : - inflammation of the body ( bronchitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach or abdomen , irritation or ulcers of the stomach or intestine , constipation , loose stools ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - loss of appetite , - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you get angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ritemvia . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious , life - threatening medical condition . stop using paracetamol and keep your doctor immediately . - if you develop fever or infection in your face , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - bronchospasm , inflammation of the lining of the airways in your airways , being short of breath , runny nose , being sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - decrease in appetite , - loss of appetite , - tiredness ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ). - loss of appetite . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills , severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or lips ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ), or by a painful skin rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , mouth , lips and lips ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) o widespread peeling or blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , nausea and / or diarrhoea . you may be more likely to get infection if you : have been treated with infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ).
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives since the consequences could become serious . this side effect is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). dizziness feeling dizzy or weak . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness runny or stuffy nose and uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea dry mouth difficulties in getting or keeping an erection faster heart rate allergic reaction affecting the skin like rash , itching , hives and rash caused by a medicine abnormal results of liver function tests low blood pressure rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fast or irregular heart beats ( called palpitations ) fainting / loss of consciousness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other allergic reactions with swelling of the face or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , somnolence ( somnolence ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting or itching . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . some side effects could be serious . these side effects are uncommon . if you get some or all of these side effects , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . some side effects have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); inflammation of the sinuses ( bronchitis ); reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , somnolence ( somnolence ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting or itching . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate . some side effects can be serious . these side effects are uncommon . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens to you or your child may stop working properly and you may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . sometimes , symptoms may include : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - difficulty in breathing - dizziness - hives - low blood pressure which may make you feel treatment or treatment , as these may be signs of a low blood pressure . - if you experience any of the following symptoms when your treatment with afstyla has finished , you should ask your doctor and tell them that you have been treated with factor viii medicines ( see section 2 ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - reduction in the number of red blood cells ( for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding - dizziness - injection site reactions ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ) - uncontrolled bleeding - seizures ( convulsions ) - fever - chills - severe bleeding may occur . your doctor may do a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you are unusual bruising , bleeding , anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells ), fever , and reduced resistance to bleeding . the number of red blood cells , which can cause fever and reduced resistance to your liver . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes and hives tell your doctor immediately if you experience serious allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , throat or tongue . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . this may be a sign of serious allergic reaction . bleeding in the pancreas has trouble breathing . if you notice any of the following , stop taking cialis and contact a doctor immediately : sudden loss of vision ( frequency not known ) if you experience sudden loss of vision ( frequency not known ) stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . sudden loss of vision ( frequency not known ) other side effects are listed below : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - headache common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - dizziness - sensation of rapid heartbeat ( palpitations ) - fast heartbeat - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleeds - indigestion - feeling sick ( being sick ) - reflux - blurred vision - eye pain - difficulty in breathing - blood in urine - prolonged erection - feeling your heart beating fast , high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleeds - ringing in the ears - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet - feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - stroke - passing memory loss - swelling of the face and / or throat - red spots not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering and / or itchy patches on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , heart attack and angina , sudden cardiac attack or stroke . - sudden cardiac death . the frequency of this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . - if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( more than 1 in 10 patients ). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as they may be signs of hypoglycaemia . the most frequent side effect is hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). symptoms of such reactions include swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy and sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( flatulence ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting constipation stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of hypersensitivity ( drug reaction with rash and itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy / coma ), visual disturbances , feeling dizzy common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , vomiting stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( constipation ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects which may occur : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( vomiting ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects which may occur : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , vomiting ( nausea ), vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , vomiting ( nausea ), vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , vomiting ( nausea ), vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity ( itchy rash of the skin ), rash , visual disturbances such as feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects which may occur : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , indigestion , nausea ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ), rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes levels in your blood . hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ). rapid heartbeat . if you notice any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms of rash , swelling of the face , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , which may be a sign of hypersensitivity ( drug reaction with anaphylactic symptoms ). if you get any of these symptoms or get a serious allergic reaction , call your doctor as soon as possible . if you get symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , rash ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduced numbers of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - symptoms include : headache , drowsiness , nausea , muscle aches , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given , runny nose , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness , increased appetite , trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - tired , weakness , fatigue , bruising , bleeding , swelling , or a hard lump where the injection is given ( haematoma ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - infection uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) - infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - sore throat - bleeding in the stomach or intestine ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) - nosebleeds - raised itchy bumps ( urticaria ) - changes in the level of fat in the blood uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions - shaking - fainting - a reaction at the site of the skin ( such as burning , fainting , swelling or a hard lump ) - kidney problems - kidney problems - disturbed sense of feeling or feeling unwell - injection site reactions ( such as redness , pain , swelling and a hard lump ) are known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - changes in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ), - difficulty breathing , dry nose ( hand - related allergic reaction ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - sudden swelling of the skin ( angioedema ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing - dry mouth - acute kidney failure ( clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing - dry mouth - acute kidney failure ( clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing - dry mouth - acute kidney failure ( clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing - dry mouth - acute kidney failure ( clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing - dry mouth - acute kidney failure ( clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome , which can cause difficulty breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( a type of tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry_cough - injection site reaction ( clubbing ) - injection site reaction ( including redness , pain , swelling and a hard lump ) have been reported . symptoms are usually mild and only last a few days . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - symptoms of infection : - headache , drowsiness , nausea , muscle aches , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump ( see also " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions , including shaking , fainting , other allergic reactions ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed nose , bleeding in the skin , urticaria ( difficulties in swallowing ), swollen face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) - kidney problems ( acute kidney failure ) - difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) - feeling generally unwell - injection site reaction ( such as redness , pain , swelling and a hard lump ) - symptoms of a high blood pressure ( which could include difficulty breathing , dry cough , temporary loss of blood vessels ) unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth and acute renal failure ( clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness low blood pressure ( runny or stuffy nose ), skin rash , sneezing , cough , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests , muscle weakness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , low blood pressure , runny or stuffy nose , skin rash , sneezing , cough , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal liver function , abnormal sense of taste , muscle spasms , muscle weakness . not known : reactions ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other common side effects : ( may affect up to decreased_corneal_sensitivity in 10 people ) dizziness , low blood pressure , runny or stuffy nose , skin_rash , cough , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal liver function , abnormal sense of taste , muscle spasms , muscle weakness . not known : reactions ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other common side effects : ( may affect up to decreased_corneal_sensitivity in 10 people ) dizziness , low blood pressure , runny or stuffy nose , skin_rash , cough , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal liver function , abnormal sense of taste , muscle weakness . not known : reactions ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other reactions :  swelling ( oedema ), swelling around the back of the mouth ( iris ), which may cause heart_failure , swelling and / or swelling in the upper part of the hands or mouth .  heart failure , decreased blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm , back pain , dry eye . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the eye : corneal disorder ( damage to the clear layer of the eyeball ) and the iris ( including those of the lower part of the large part of the eyeball ) or small breaks in the centre of the eye ( retinal pigment epithelial tear ). you may experience yellowing of the skin and mouth , eyes , mouth , eyes and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). itchy skin , small coloured spots on the skin , hair loss , small areas of skin , small particles or spots in your vision , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid . general : increased sensitivity of skin to light , small particles or spots in your vision , irritation of the eyelid . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the eye : corneal disorder ( damage to the front layer of the eyeball , the iris or the iris ) and other organs have been reported . recurrence of a type of hepatitis b infection rituzena may cause severe blisters and peeling of the skin , blistering of the lips , mouth , eyes and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). itchy skin , small coloured spots on the skin , hair loss , small areas of skin , small particles or spots in your vision , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid . irritation , inflammation of the thyroid gland . general disorders : irritation , inflammation of blood vessels , abnormal liver function . muscle pain , swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the eye : corneal disorder ( damage to the front layer of the eyeball , the iris or the iris ) and other organs have been reported . recurrence of a type of hepatitis b infection rituzena may cause severe blisters and peeling of the skin , blistering of the lips , mouth , eyes and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). itchy skin , small coloured spots on the skin , hair loss , small areas of skin , small particles or spots in your vision , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid . irritation , inflammation of the thyroid gland . general disorders : irritation , inflammation of blood vessels , abnormal liver function . muscle pain , swelling of hands , ankles or feet . rare side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , diarrhoea , constipation , loss of appetite , anorexia , runny nose and a hoarse voice . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like dehydration , itching of the skin , itchy_skin_rash ( hair follicle ), dermatitis , fever ( pyrexia ), uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal pain ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching rash , rash , increased blood pressure . body pain . other side effects include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like dehydration , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , ear pain ), leucocytosis ( a type of blood clotting ), low platelet count , bleeding , redness , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), hair loss ( erythema ), pain or discomfort in the arms or legs , weight increase . some patients have had the following side effects while taking nplate : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration ; upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , ear pain ); leucocytosis ( low blood platelet count ); bleeding , redness , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), hair loss ; pain or discomfort in the joints ; weight loss ; weight increase ; protein in the urine . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , ear pain ), leucocytosis ( low blood platelet count ), bleeding , redness , rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), hair loss ( erythema ), pain or discomfort in the joints , weight loss , weight increase . increases in blood creatinine levels . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( copd ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) muscle problems : asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness and problems with blood flow to the eye ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people )  increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness , and decreased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) o increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness and problems with blood flow to the eye ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people )  increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness and problems with blood flow to the eye ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people )  increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness , and decreased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) o increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness , and decreased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) o increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , throat irritation , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness and decreased blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) o increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased urination , confusion , muscle stiffness , muscle spasms , fainting , blurred vision . increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness . increased eye pressure . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased urination , confusion , muscle stiffness , irregular heartbeat , fainting , blurred vision . increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness . increased blood pressure . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased sense of smell , confusion , muscle stiffness . . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increased blood pressure . asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , decreased urination , confusion , muscle stiffness , irregular heartbeat , fainting . blurred vision . increased blood pressure . difficulty in swallowing . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor . side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation and asthma . uncommon ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - dizziness - drowsiness - nausea ( nausea ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - skin infection ( dermatitis ) - herpes infection - sore throat - runny nose - nosebleeds - dry mouth - raised red bumps ( urticaria ) - changes in the colour of the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( see ' warnings and precautions ") - haematoma ( a type of large_plum-coloured where the skin is working ) - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or pain when swallowing - runny nose - hair loss - allergic reactions - swelling of the skin ( angioedema ) - swelling , a hard lump , bruising , rash , or changes in skin colour ( haematoma ), rash , changes in skin colour , or pain in the mouth , throat or nose , sore throat ( epistaxis ) - difficulty breathing ( epistaxis ) - difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) - chest pain - swelling of the lips , itching , raised itchy rash ( urticaria ) - muscle aches , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain , back pain ( diverticulitis ) - muscle pain ( diverticulitis ) - muscle pain ( diverticulitis ) - muscle pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( increased tendency to bruise ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - red_or_purple_spots_under_your_skin site pain - pain at the infusion site - unusual bruising or bruising ( haematoma ) - pain at injection site - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or pain in back , back pain ( diverticulitis ) - abnormal vaginal bleeding ( bruising ) - haematoma ( red_or_purple_spots_under_your_skin ) - pain at the infusion site - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets ( bruising , haematoma ) - injection site pain or pain - pain in back , back pain ( diverticulitis ) - muscle pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( increased tendency to bruise ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - red_or_purple_spots_under_your_skin site pain - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or haematoma ( haematoma ) - pain at injection site - pain in extremity - a reaction at the site of injection , which may be associated with pain or haematoma ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs or other parts of the body , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot , which may become severe pain in the upper right area of the stomach area ( signs include : sore throat ) - runny nose ( epistaxis ) - difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) - chest pain - swelling of the lips , itching , raised itchy bumps on the skin ( urticaria ) - muscle aches , muscle spasms , joint pain , pain including back pain ( diverticulitis ) - muscle pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( increased tendency to bruise ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - red_or_purple_spots_under_your_skin site pain - pain at the infusion site - unusual bruising or bruising ( haematoma ) - pain at injection site - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or pain in back , back pain ( diverticulitis ) - muscle pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( abnormal collection of blood in the urine ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - red_or_purple_spots_under_your_skin site pain - pain at the infusion site - pain in back , back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( increased bruising , bruising , haematoma ) - pain at the infusion site - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising - haematoma ( red_or_purple_spots_under_your_skin ) - pain at the infusion site - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets ( bruising ) - haematoma ( haematoma ) - red_or_purple_spots_under_your_skin site pain - pain at the infusion site - a reaction at the site of injection , which may be associated with pain or haematoma ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs or other parts of the body , which may be a sign of severe upper stomach pain , pain , back pain , muscle spasms , joint pain , pain including back pain ( diverticulitis ) - muscle pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( abnormal collection of white blood cells )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea stomach pain ( feeling sick ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain , abdominal pain vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the mouth and lips stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( dysgeusia ) abdominal pain low level of potassium in the blood 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in sleeping ( dysgeusia ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain difficulty in swallowing dizziness 34 if you experience any of the side effects above , tell your doctor straight away . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) throat_irritation 34 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of weakness or weakness , - swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - if you experience any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting - low blood pressure . - severe bone , joint and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating . the following side effects have been reported with zoledronic_acid_hospira : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , drowsiness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - conjunctivitis . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hypersensitivity reactions . - low blood pressure . - chest pain . - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , rash , itching . - high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . - your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . - if you have low blood pressure , or if you experience one or more of the following side effects : - fever , - fatigue , - weakness , drowsiness , chills or bone , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . - your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . - if you have low blood pressure , particularly if you experience one or more of the following side effects : - fever , - fatigue , - weakness , drowsiness , chills or bone , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . - your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . - if you have low blood pressure , particularly if you experience one or more of the following side effects : - fever , - fatigue , - weakness , drowsiness , chills or pain in your arms or legs . - constipation . - abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . - your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . - if you have low blood pressure , particularly if you experience one or more of the following side effects : - fever , - fatigue , - weakness , drowsiness , chills or pain in your arms or legs . - low blood pressure . - anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ). - anaemia . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hypersensitivity reactions . - low blood pressure . - chest pain . - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , rash , itching . - high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling tired , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , feeling dizzy . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): feeling short of breath , indigestion , 29 . general feeling of being unwell , increase in blood pressure , decrease in the number of platelets in the blood , sensation of your bowel , sensation of spinning , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , restlessness , somnolence , fever , decrease in white blood cells , platelets , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , visual impairment , fear that are not really there ( fear ), dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heart beat or fear , dry mouth , acid feeling in the bowel , bowel or bowel movements , somnolence , swelling of the stomach , headache , stomach discomfort , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , visual impairment , fear that are not really there ( fear ), dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid feeling , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid feeling , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid feeling , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , fast heartbeat , visual impairment or fear , dry mouth , acid feeling , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue and lips , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sore throat - runny nose - sudden difficulty breathing and feeling of tightness in chest with wheezing or coughing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) when you are using this medicine ( e . g . thrush or thrush of the veins ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pain or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - muscle spasm - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - pain or pain in the cheeks and / or legs ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - muscle spasm - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - pain in joints - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - musculoskeletal pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - pain or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - pain in muscles and bones - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - muscle pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in your blood - low potassium levels in the blood - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - pain - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain , itching - rash - muscle pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in your blood - low potassium levels in the blood - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - pain in muscles and bones - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - muscle pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - pain and pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - muscle spasm - muscle
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , headache , muscular pain , joint pain , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , head and joints , in the head , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel_acino_pharma : common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) feeling tired feeling weak , feeling weak , feeling weak , general feeling of being unwell blood tests may also show : decreases in potassium in your blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , depression , anxiety , abnormal dreams difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) headache , dizziness , sleepiness , diarrhoea , indigestion ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( flatulence ) feeling tired tests may also show : decreases in phosphate in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood clots in the veins ( deep bowel thrombosis ) inflammation of the gullet ( oesophagus ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach , bumps , inflammation or inflammation in the large intestine and / or bumps ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ) indigestion , general feeling of being unwell blood tests may show : high level of cholesterol in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood clots in the veins in the legs ( deep bowel thrombosis ), inflammation of the lining of the stomach , inflammation of the lining of the stomach , bumps , inflammation or inflammation of the nose , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin ( bumps ) or bumps on the skin ( such as bumps on the skin that is sensitive by the skin ), bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle redness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy , dizzy , feeling agitated , lack of motivation , involuntary muscle contractions , such as tingling and itchiness of the ears feeling dizzy spinning sensation ( vertigo ), increased tearing in the mouth , vertigo feeling dizzy when standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 37 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( frequency not known ) - swelling_of_the_face , peeling and skin swelling ( frequency of the skin around the legs or legs ). if you get any of the above , tell your doctor immediately : - any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , itching ( pruritus ) - inflammation of the hand ( hand - foot ) - muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( including pain in the hand and hand ) - swelling of the hand and feet ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or hand ( including pain near the hand and arms ) - peripheral oedema ( very common side effect , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or joints ( oedema peripheral ). very common ( may affect more than 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching the skin may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and blood clots may occur . your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness and / or swelling of your arms , legs , arms or legs . your doctor may prescribe additional medicines such as cough , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , rash , hair loss , decreased_sensation , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , poor sleep quality sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , fainting . very rare : cold , runny nose , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , abdominal ( belly ) pain , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased or loss of or spasm of muscle , muscle pain or joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , poor sleep quality sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , fainting . very rare : cold , sinus disorder , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , or shortness of breath , diarrhoea , abdominal ( belly ) pain , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased or loss of or spasm of muscle , muscle pain or joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , poor sleep quality sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , fainting . very rare : cold , sinus disorder , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , or shortness of breath , diarrhoea , abdominal ( belly ) pain , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased or loss of or spasm of muscle , muscle pain or joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , poor sleep quality sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , drowsiness , fainting . very common side effects : sinus infection , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , intestinal or abdominal pain , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss or decreased appetite or spasm , muscle pain or joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , poor sleep quality sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , sore throat , asthma , abdominal sore , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased or loss of or spasm , muscle pain or joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , poor sleep quality sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , sore throat , asthma , abdominal sore , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised generalised rash , hair loss , decreased or loss of or spasm , muscle pain or joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , poor sleep pattern , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very rare side effects : sinus infection , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , inflammation of the intestine , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , loss of memory , spasm or spasm of muscle , muscle pain or joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , decreased sex drive ; depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , sneezing , sore throat , asthma ; intestinal or stomach pain , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised generalised rash , hair loss , decreased or loss of or spasm ; muscle pain or joint_pain ; - muscle pain or joint pain ; - painful swelling or pain in your back ; - loss of menstrual periods ; - inability to resist or maintain an erection ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . lower number of red blood cells or red blood cells ( which carry oxygen ), which may be associated with weakness , breathlessness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding from the spleen or in the spleen . these may be signs of spleen . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( with or without cough ) coughing up of blood or blood clots : if you experience a cough , fever and difficult breathing , wheezing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( spleen_ruptures ). some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . cough , fever and difficult or wheezing , wheezing , difficulty breathing , swelling of the eyelids ( signs of abnormal spleen ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately : pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . cough , fever and difficult or wheezing , wheezing , difficulty breathing , swelling of the eyelids ( signs of abnormal spleen ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately : pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . cough , fever and difficult or wheezing , wheezing , difficulty breathing , swelling of the eyelids ( signs of abnormal spleen ), increased spleen size . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have cough , fever and difficult or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( spleen_ruptures ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have cough , fever and difficult or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( spleen_ruptures ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have cough , fever and difficult or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( spleen_ruptures ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have cough , fever and difficult or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a spleen . increased spleen size . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have cough , fever and difficult or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( spleen_ruptures ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have cough , fever and difficult or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience fever or other signs of low calcium level : - yellowing of your skin or the white of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching all over - feeling sick or being sick - these may be signs of liver problems - if you experience cough or inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( pancreatitis ) ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) - pain or itching in the abdomen ( signs of liver problems ) - interstitial lung disease ( pancreatitis , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) - pain , itching and / or fever - these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease or pancreatitis ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - sleepiness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick - increase in the amount of sugar in the blood - diarrhoea - headache - abdominal pain - pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anaemia ( allergic reactions ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( injection site pain , injection site pain , itching and rash ) are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , vertigo , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , constipation , constipation , rash , red raised bumps on the skin , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with a red rash or raised bumps serious allergic reactions , including difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , severe swelling of the skin , hives , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( injection site pain , injection site pain ) itching uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , vertigo ( low blood pressure ) light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea vomiting nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) nausea diarrhoea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) common nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , diarrhoea , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , joint pain and joint pain 50 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , excessive gas in stomach or abdominal pain , thinning or itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching of the skin , thinning or loss of hair ( alopecia ), joint pain 50 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , excessive gas in stomach or abdominal pain , thinning or itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning , itching of the skin , thinning or ulcers of the mouth , joint pain 50 - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), flu - like illness , unusual hair loss , thinning , itching common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , cough , skin rash , cough , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , cough ( signs of lung disorders ) rash , hives , vomiting , diarrhoea , stroke , irritability , seizures ( fits ) serious allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , skin infection , fever , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , cough ( difficulty in breathing , inflammation of the pancreas , measles - like symptoms , such as joint pain , swelling , redness or tenderness ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . shingles ( herpes zoster ) allergic reactions with measles - type respiratory symptoms such as measles - like rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing or cough ( signs of lung disorders ) such as rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , inflammation of the pancreas , measles - like illness , skin infection , fever , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , inflammation of the pancreas , measles - like illness , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles and allergic reactions ; the signs may include : rash , hives , difficulty breathing , bruising_under_the_skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( possible signs of lung disorders ) skin rash with measles - like measles rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . the following side effects have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles and a rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of inflammation of the pancreas , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ), measles - like symptoms , fever , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , inflammation of the pancreas , measles - like illness , skin infection , fever , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , inflammation of the pancreas , measles - like illness , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles and a rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of inflammation of the pancreas , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ), measles - like symptoms , fever , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , inflammation of the pancreas , measles - like illness , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles and a rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of inflammation of the pancreas , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ), measles - like symptoms , fever , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , inflammation of the pancreas , measles - like symptoms , such as joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin , blurred , dizziness , tired , dizziness or tired these may be signs of a low blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), fever or an_infection , these may be signs of a low blood cell count ( agranulocytosis ), fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , spitting and / or shortness of breath , which may be a sign of a severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain , bloody stools , bloody stools , or severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain , nausea , vomiting , confusion , tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired , tingling or numbness ( blurred or blurred vision ) - a low blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , or shingles . signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or spitting , spitting or a fast pulse , shortness of breath or inflammation of the stomach or intestine , bloody stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , nausea , vomiting , confusion , tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired , tingling or numbness ( blurred or blurred vision ) - a low blood pressure ( hypertension ), pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , or shingles . signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath or inflammation of the stomach ( signs of inflammation of the stomach or intestine , black stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , nausea , vomiting , confusion , tiredness and loss of appetite ). feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired , tingling or numbness ( blurred or blurred vision ) - a low blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles or shingles . signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath or inflammation of the stomach ( signs of inflammation of the stomach or intestine ). - severe stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , confusion , tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired , tingling or numbness ( blurred or blurred vision ) - a low blood pressure ( hypertension ), pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , or shingles . signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath or inflammation of the stomach ( signs of inflammation of the stomach or intestine ). - severe stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , confusion , tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired , tingling or numbness ( blurred or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat , sneezing , sore throat diarrhoea stomach ache or diarrhoea stomach ache 36 other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat , sneezing , sore throat diarrhoea stomach ache or diarrhoea stomach ache 36 other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat , sneezing , sore throat diarrhoea stomach ache or diarrhoea stomach ache 36 other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat , sneezing , sore throat diarrhoea stomach ache or diarrhoea stomach ache 36 other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat , sneezing , sore throat diarrhoea stomach ache or diarrhoea stomach ache 36 other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat , sneezing , sore throat diarrhoea stomach ache or diarrhoea stomach ache 36 other side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat , sneezing , sore throat diarrhoea stomach ache or diarrhoea stomach pain 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty or pain when passing urine high blood pressure painful throat swelling of arms or legs high blood pressure urinary tract infection fast or irregular heart beat palpitations cough wheezing low blood pressure pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs urinary tract infection feeling sick ( nausea ) 75 influenza - like symptoms 75 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) agitation urinary tract infection ( frequency not known ) dizziness frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection ( frequency not known ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience infections such as blisters and itching , sickness , nausea , tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat irritation , vomiting blood , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low number of white blood cells , wheezing ( e . g . itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations ) heart attack low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat swelling , headache , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and formation of paracetamol . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first infusion hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and tiredness , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat irritation , headache , throat or tongue , headache , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and / or angina . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called pneumonia . when these signs occur , please tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) or tiredness , low blood pressure , which may be signs of a blood clot , wheezing , throat or tongue , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and if you have angina and your doctor may need to reduce the dose of your treatment . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . allergic reactions if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and tiredness , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat pain , headache , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat irritation , headache , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low number of white blood cells . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood ( sepsis ), pneumonia , shingles , cold , bronchial tube infections , fungal infections , infections of unknown origin , sinus infections , hepatitis b low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low white blood cell count low platelet count allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and throat low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and throat low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and throat ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and lips , or increases in liver enzymes ( anaemia ), low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and lips , low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and throat ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( anaemia ) low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and lips , or increases in liver enzymes ( anaemia ), low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and throat ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and mouth , or other organs ( signs of lung disorders ) low level of potassium in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - breathing difficulties or symptoms such as angioedema ( signs of which may include difficulty in breathing , cough , breathing difficulties , hives or other signs of serious allergic reaction ) - lung inflammation ( angioedema ) - difficulty breathing - dizziness - breathing difficulties - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - severe allergic reaction ( interstitial lung disease ) with or without difficulty in breathing - dizziness and breathing difficulties - itchy rash or hives - severe allergic reactions including interstitial lung inflammation ( signs of liver disorders ). - if you have a lung disease , or if you develop severe or life - threatening allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction : if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling generally weak and tired . - symptoms of a low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal level of certain white blood cells ( called platelets ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hair loss - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal level of certain white blood cells ( called platelets ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hair loss - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal level of certain white blood cells ( called platelets ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal level of certain white blood cells ( called platelets ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal level of certain white blood cells ( called platelets ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal level of certain white blood cells ( called platelets ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal level of certain white blood cells ( called platelets ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - rash - abnormal level of certain white blood cells ( called platelets ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite * aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite * aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness feeling drowsy or being sick ( nausea or drowsy ) hypertension ( hypertension ) tingling or burning sensation pain in arms and legs shortness of breath constipation ; diarrhoea ; pain in the abdomen ; vomiting ; constipation ; hair loss ; rash ; dry skin ; hair loss ; rash or dry skin ; hair loss ; tiredness ; swelling or pain in your mouth and / or throat  abdominal pain ; pain in the abdomen ; hair loss ; excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ); swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; weight gain ; tiredness ; weakness ; feeling cold ; swelling in the arms and legs ; pus or inflammation at the site of injection ; pain or inflammation in the mouth ; low level of white blood cells ; low level of calcium , potassium , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , or phosphate in blood test ; hair loss ; constipation ; dry mouth ; feeling cold ; constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; rash ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; rash ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; rash ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry mouth ; tiredness ; dry skin ; tiredness ; dry
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores of your face , hands , feet , or ankles . you may have early signs of infection such as death or death ( see also section 2 ): - if you experience chest pain , have blurred vision , or pain , redness , swelling or irritation in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tiredness , difficulty sleeping , tingling sensation , stinging on the surface of the eyeball ( cornea ), watery eyes , watery eyes , blurred vision , eye inflammation , stinging , redness , itching , high blood pressure , tiredness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , difficulty breathing , asthma and asthma . severe allergic reaction to the medicine can cause side effects , swelling , redness , itching , high blood pressure and tiredness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , difficulty breathing , asthma and asthma . severe allergic reaction to the medicine can cause side effects , swelling , redness , itching , high blood pressure and tiredness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , difficulty breathing , asthma and asthma . severe allergic reaction to the medicine can cause side effects , such as dizziness , difficulty breathing , asthma and asthma . severe allergic reaction may also occur . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - diarrhoea . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : - dizziness - tiredness - difficulty sleeping - tingling ( stinging ) - stinging on the surface of the eye ( cornea ) - inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the cornea ) - inflammation , swelling , redness , itching , high blood pressure and tiredness . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : - allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , difficulty breathing , asthma and asthma . - severe allergic reaction . side effects where the frequency is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - phosphates in the centre of the iris ( cornea ), which may be a sign of inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : hives ( nettle skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing , itchy skin , hives ) or difficulty breathing ( serious allergic reaction ) if you experience a cough , fever and a fever ( this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - loss of appetite - yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eyes . this side effect is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - bleeding or other signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes , or the whites of your eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) stools , vomiting or a cough which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( protein_in_your_urine ). - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor as soon as possible . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely - serious skin reactions - yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . - bleeding : this is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 100 people . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs of liver problems : - severe stomach pain , severe nausea and vomiting , or a cough which may be accompanied by fever , difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of blood clots in the blood vessels of the skin , bleeding , bruising , bleeding ) - allergic reaction - the signs may include : o difficulty breathing - a cough or fever - this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( protein_in_your_urine ). - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - if you notice a cough , fever and / or fever - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - severe breathlessness with or without fever - this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( acute pancreatitis ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding or other signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes , or the whites of your eyes , severe diarrhoea , vomiting , a cough , fever or difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of blood clots in the blood vessels of your skin , bleeding , bruising , or bleeding ). - allergic reaction . the signs may include : o difficulty breathing - a cough or fever - this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - if you notice any of the above or signs of bleeding , or if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of kidney problems ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding or other possible signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes , or the whites of your eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) stools , or vomiting - a severe and life - threatening allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - if you notice any of these signs or signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a sweet ' s syndrome which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - serious allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - severe breathlessness with or without fever - this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding or other liver damage . - if you notice any of the side effects listed above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you get a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor or nurse straight away . - if you notice any of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath , fainting , dizziness or fainting , blurred vision , rashes , burning , pain and pain on the tongue , lips , face or tongue , or burning , numbness or burning , headache , shortness of breath . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , dizziness , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , blurred vision , urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , dizziness flu - like symptoms feeling tired or blurred vision ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , urinary tract infection blurred vision , or pain due to a type of white blood cell , which may cause skin damage and may be life - threatening . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a body ( upper vein thrombosis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a body ( upper vein thrombosis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a body ( upper vein thrombosis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a vein at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a vein at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a vein at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a vein at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a vein at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a vein at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a vein at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain at the site of injection ) blood clot in a vein at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the infusion site injection site reactions ( such as blurred vision , burning , pain or pain ) blood clots in the blood vessels at the back of the injection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking fotivda for a short period of time . symptoms include heart failure , shortness of breath , coughing , confused , difficult speech , rapid heart rate , fluid retention or bleeding , blood clot in a artery of the veins ( symptoms of heart failure ). tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be a sign of serious heart failure or heart attack , chest pain , or discomfort in the upper left side of the anus . symptoms may include tremors , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of serious heart failure or heart attack . chest pain or discomfort , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals , genitals and around the anus . symptoms of symptoms include tremors , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of serious heart failure or heart attack . chest pain or discomfort , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals or around the anus . symptoms of tremors are tremors , confusion , blindness or weakening , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you experience any of these symptoms , or if they get worse . symptoms of heart problems : shortness of breath , coughing with confused , difficult or difficult breathing , deep respiratory infections , bleeding or blood clot in a artery of the lung ( symptoms include : heart failure , shortness of breath , ankle pain or heart attack or heart attack , blood clots in the veins in the body ). 2 ( 2 ) coughing up blood , shortness of breath , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals or around the anus . symptoms of tremors , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , coughing up blood ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ). symptoms of tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of serious heart failure or heart attack , which may be signs of heart failure or heart attack . chest pain or discomfort , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals , genitals and around the anus . symptoms of symptoms include tremors , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of serious heart failure or heart attack . chest pain or discomfort , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals , genitals and around the anus . symptoms of symptoms include tremors , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of serious heart failure or heart attack . chest pain or discomfort , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals , genitals and around the anus . symptoms of symptoms include tremors , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of serious narrowing of the heart . if you notice symptoms of tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of serious heart failure or heart attack , which may be signs of heart failure or heart attack . chest pain or discomfort , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals and around the anus . symptoms of tremors are tremors , confusion , blindness or weakening , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you experience any of these symptoms , or if they get worse . symptoms of heart problems : shortness of breath , coughing with confused , difficult or difficult breathing , deep respiratory infections , bleeding or blood clot in a artery of the lung ( symptoms include :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop lactic acidosis ( build - up of lactic acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to an infection . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue your treatment with stribild . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. lactic_acidosis may cause liver damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , see the doctor at the end of this leaflet . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women , particularly if it occurs during treatment . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as it may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs . - if you notice any symptoms of inflammation or infection , tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) - vomiting - nausea ( feeling sick ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - decreased appetite 52 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - tiredness - darkening of the digestive tract lining - allergic reactions ( drowsiness , feeling thirsty ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - oral thrush ( fungal infection ) - change in vision , feeling of weakness in the hands and feet ( including bone pain and fractures ) - kidney problems which may cause bone pain and fractures ( kidney problems ) - bone pain , muscle weakness - decreases in potassium or phosphate in the blood - damage to kidney tubule cells side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in feet . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - muscle pain - vomiting - constipation - abdominal pain - discomfort in your arms or legs - pain in your arms , legs , legs , or joints - seizures , confusion , loss of consciousness or loss of consciousness - symptoms of a high temperature ( passing blood in the urine ) - fast heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - electrocardiogram ( ecg ) symptoms of difficulty breathing , wheezing , redness , swelling , and pain ( usually mild to moderate ) after stopping treatment . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : cough , fever , chills , severe fever , stiff neck , loss of consciousness , feeling less hungry or loss of consciousness , or loss of consciousness . these may be the signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain or redness at the injection site feeling tired , chills , fever . reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) ( thrombocytopenia ) pain in the armpit , armpit or chest difficulty breathing if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . cough flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , severe fever , feeling weak , tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a possible kidney problem . swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be a sign of serious allergic reaction ) blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of allergic reactions : allergic reactions such as : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . difficulty in breathing or wheezing , coughing and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions redness of the skin , swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . difficulty in breathing or wheezing , coughing and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or difficulty breathing . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including blisters , peeling , hardness or hardness ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite hair loss ( alopecia ) injection site reactions ( pain at injection site , injection site pain , headache , sleepiness ) crying ( such as loss of appetite ), nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , crying , sleepiness , coughing and coughing up blood , allergic reactions such as rash , itchy skin , fever , and fever . the allergic reactions may include : rash , itchy rash , fever , and peeling over the injection site . at the injection site reactions including peeling and peeling at the injection site may occur . these injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ). they usually peeling over the injection site . they can also spread around the injection site . peeling , or peeling at the injection site may occur . these injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( peeling ) which can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions , including the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , or if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people allergic reactions including severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing . contact a doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . see also section 1 . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people allergic reactions including severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing . contact a doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing . contact a doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing . contact a doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing . contact a doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing . contact a doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : if you notice any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing chills or chills back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of docetaxel teva pharma the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and muscle aches and pains , back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness , or flu - like symptoms weight gain or gain .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe diarrhoea with or without loss ( nausea ) or constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain or constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) severe headache ( insomnia ) high blood pressure , constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , flatulence ( wind ), constipation , rash , inflamed veins ( flatulence ), abdominal pain , rash , feeling tired ( malaise ), chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash , feeling unwell , high blood pressure , anxiety . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - low blood pressure and type of disorder - serious allergic reactions ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of wheezing or difficulty breathing - coughing and difficulty breathing - coughing - rash - itching ( pruritis ) - flushing - headache - low blood pressure - wheezing - difficulty breathing - coughing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - low blood pressure other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the injection site - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives - hives - hives - headache - low blood pressure - wheezing - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the injection site - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching or hives - hives - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - low blood pressure . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the injection site - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience any of the following symptoms after injection , or if you experience : - rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing severe symptoms of severe allergic reactions ( e . g . severe allergic reactions , which may cause you to feel faint ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - dizziness - fainting - loss of consciousness - injection site reactions ( such as rash , hives , wheals , and wheals ) where the injection is given - rash ( hives ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , such as muscle spasms , dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting , as these may be signs of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome . the chance of having a side effect is described by the following categories : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a very common side effect , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), breast complaints ( arthralgia ), headache , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - swelling of the eyelid , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , infertility . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , skin rash , hives swelling of the face , face , face or mouth ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using anoro ellipta are rare . if you experience wheezing , coughing , wheezing or fever ( pneumonia ) ( e . g . swollen face , tongue or throat ) this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a common side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), headache , joint pain , fever . these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sore or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects contact your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). serious side effects if you get any of the following , please tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis occurs more often rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience a serious allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) please see your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms , such as drowsiness , dizziness , and abnormal gait tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . - if you experience kidney injury ( kidneys ) that will not go away . liver problems such as hepatitis . liver problems such as hepatitis . liver injury including hepatitis ( liver injury ). such reactions may be life - threatening . liver failure , which may be fatal , 60 if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , unusual or discomfort or discomfort and pain in your stomach or intestines . liver disorders ( allergic reaction ). such reactions may be life - threatening . 60 if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): chills , weakness , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort , bone pain , or fractures . your doctor may tell you to stop taking atripla . if you experience muscle pain , or weakness , particularly in the lower abdomen or the shoulder . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): chills , weakness , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort , bone pain , or fractures . your doctor may tell you to stop taking atripla . if you experience muscle pain , or weakness , particularly in the lower abdomen or the shoulder . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): chills , weakness , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort , bone pain , or fractures . your doctor may tell you to stop taking atripla . if you experience muscle pain , or weakness , particularly in the lower abdomen or the shoulder . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): chills , weakness , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort , bone pain , or fractures . your doctor may tell you to stop taking atripla . if you experience muscle pain , or weakness , particularly in the lower abdomen or the shoulder . these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): chills , weakness , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort , bone pain , or fractures . your doctor may find changes in your blood and the function of your kidneys . possible side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ). this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat ), which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( disappears ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). this could be a sign of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( pres ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache nausea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or tongue ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) ( possible signs of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy syndrome ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face and / or tongue ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) ( possible signs of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy syndrome ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) ( possible signs of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy syndrome ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience blisters and itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . if you experience these_symptoms or any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering , nausea , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , and low blood pressure and angina ( symptoms of an infusion reaction ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . - if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce the dose and / or temporarily discontinue the infusion . you may need to be given other medicines to help reduce the reaction . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . this can be a sign that your heart function could become low , and could result in your condition . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce the dose and / or temporarily discontinue the infusion . you may need to be given additional medicines such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately : - fever , - chills , - shivering , - nausea , - headache , - breathing_difficulties , - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a blood clot , wheezing , throat or tongue , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . - if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . - the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . - if you notice any of the following symptoms after infusion , you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , - low blood pressure , - wheezing , - throat or tongue , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . - low blood pressure . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce the dose and / or temporarily discontinue the infusion . you may need to be given bortezomib for a reaction . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting or low blood pressure , which may make you feel angina and have emergency treatment . - if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get symptoms such as tiredness , itching , hives , face swelling , face , tongue or tongue , difficulty in breathing , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , light - headedness , or light - headedness . other possible side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - an infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) with symptoms such as tiredness , skin_rash , nose or nose , nose and throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other signs of low white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - reduced number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - increase in liver enzymes ( blood alkaline phosphatase increased ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - cellulitis ( the tube that connects the mouth and covers the nose ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( liver inflammation ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the nose ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - peeling of the skin ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - increased liver enzymes reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching the skin may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_hcs is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness ; itching
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - a severe drop in blood pressure when you stand up - this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome that may be life threatening and require treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have any of the following symptoms or symptoms , or if they get worse . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - allergy ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness , swelling or pain - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( pain , redness , swelling or other organs ) - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - a severe drop in blood pressure when you stand up - swelling of the legs - this is a very common side effect that may affect more than blood_tests in 10 people . - signs of allergy include : - pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the ankles and feet . - low levels of a certain white blood cell ( shown in blood tests ). - low levels of blood platelets . - allergy . symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the ankles and feet . - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - diarrhoea . - if you have symptoms of allergy with symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the area of the body - blood tests will show an increased level of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( pain , redness , swelling or other parts of the body ) - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - a severe drop in blood pressure when you start treatment with fetcroja . this may be caused by a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell ( shown in blood tests ). - allergy . symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the ankles and feet . - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests . - if you have symptoms of allergy with symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the area of the body - blood tests showing that you have low levels of a type of white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ). - allergy . symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the ankles and feet . - blood tests may show a decrease in the amount of potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling or other serious bleeding problems . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure while you are taking fetcroja . signs and symptoms of pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in any part of your body . these may be signs of a serious condition called " paradoxical bronchospasm " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness , swelling and / or pain changes in results of blood tests to check for liver function , or increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy with a drop in the number of a type of white blood cells called allergy - a type of white blood cells with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): confusion , blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling , dizziness , confusion , and confusion . the most common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 10 ): dizziness , shaking ( shaking ), tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , back pain . if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking ( shaking ), tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , dizziness , nausea , back pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the tongue , lips , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching the skin may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with zyllt is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) stomach pain * increases in enzymes produced in the muscles ( called creatine phosphokinase ) in your blood . tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : pain or inflammation in the back of your muscles , which may be a sign of inflammation in the blood vessels in the body . this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people . pain in the upper left part of the muscles , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) stomach pain , changes in enzymes produced by the muscles ( enzymes in the muscles ) changes in the way things taste . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . talk to your doctor if you have any of the following or a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to an improvement of your body . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . liver problems ( obese , an increase in liver enzymes ). obese can sometimes cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) stomach pain , changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . most of these side effects are mild to moderate . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very rare ( may very_rare than 1 in 10 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). serious allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) stop taking this medicine and call your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects such as : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects such as : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits of the deposits in the iris ( conjunctivitis ) tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . the dose of your medicines may need to be reduced . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , dryness on the surface of the eye , breathing difficulties , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tiredness , itching_skin , headache , tiredness and rash . these side effects usually occur after the first dose of the medicine . talk to your doctor if you get any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits in the eye : inflammation of the inside of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), nose bleed , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , rash ( eruption of the skin ), nail disorders ( conjunctivitis ), ringing in the ears ( tiredness ), shivering , high blood pressure , rash , itching , changes in the colour of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), increase in blood pressure , chest pain . other side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the gel - like substance inside the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the surface of the eye , dryness of the surface of the eye , dryness of the surface of the eye , dryness , rash , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light from deposits deposits into the deposits where the medicine is given . other side effects with macugen may include : depression very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) deposits on the surface of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), ear inflammation , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , rash ( eruption of the skin ), nail disorder ( conjunctivitis ), ringing in the ears ( tiredness ), shivering , high blood pressure , rash , itching , hair loss ( conjunctivitis ), conjunctivitis ( a type of skin blister ) chest pain . increased blood pressure in the back of the eye ( conjunctiva ), conjunctiva ( inflammation of the lining of the eye ), dryness of the surface of the eye , dryness of the surface of the eye , dryness , rash , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light . deposits from the deposits where the medicine was used . other side effects which may occur with macugen are : depression very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . side effects in adults common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache . other side effects with this medicine include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache . other side effects with this medicine include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache . other side effects with this medicine include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache . other side effects with this medicine include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache . other side effects with this medicine include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache . other side effects with this medicine include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache . other side effects with this medicine include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache . other side effects that have been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common : may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching and darkening of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause skin rashes and pain , swelling , oedema , and fever . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , swelling and palms of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause skin reactions , including pain , swelling and oedema ( oedema ). they usually occur within the first two weeks of treatment . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , and swelling ( usually of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may be accompanied by burning sensation ), pain , swelling and / or redness around the palms of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause skin reactions ( including pain , swelling and redness ) in the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause skin to peel ( this may also occur on the pain , swelling , redness or oedema ). the frequency of these side effects cannot be estimated from the available data . if you receive digestive_enzymes in combination with digestive_enzymes , the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) hypersensitivity reactions ( hypersensitivity ) include breathing difficulties ( dyspnoea ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious condition called " hypocalcaemia " ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), dizziness , headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , 50 muscle pain , muscle spasms or cramps , rash , headache , breathing difficulties , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain , rash , headache , breathing difficulties or cough ), if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rash , hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be associated with low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypocalcaemia ). these are signs of low levels of calcium in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention you should stop taking jentadueto and see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or shortness of breath - immediately . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : lactic_acidosis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a very rare side effect but may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - rash or hives ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : coma , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , drowsiness , abnormal dreams , dizziness , drowsiness , headache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , fever , infection or inflammation . symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , or stomach_pain . this may be signs of infection such as dizziness , headache , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of infection such as drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection and inflammation . symptoms of drowsiness ( tiredness ), stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , or inflammation . your doctor may find changes in your blood and the function of your urine . bilirubin , bilirubin , lipase , abnormal blood test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea ( feeling tired ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood in the urine fall in vision , weight gain , nervousness , shaking , sweating , nervousness , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness or fall . low blood sugar . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . increase in blood sugar levels . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : increases in blood sugar levels . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : nervous system problems such as fall . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : nervous system problems such as fall . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood in the urine ; fall . weight gain ; nervousness ; shaking ; sweating ; nervousness ; shaking ; rapid breathing ; faintness ; fall if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . low levels of sodium in the blood . liver problems : such as nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , and reduction in the amount of potassium in the blood . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have liver problems , such as nausea , vomiting and stomach pain , as these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasal dryness , fall or weight gain , nervousness , shaking , sweating , nervousness , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness or fall . low blood sugar . if you get any of these symptoms tell your doctor . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to your doctor if you have liver problems , such as nausea , vomiting or stomach pain . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of these symptoms . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to your doctor if you have liver problems , such as nausea or vomiting , stomach pain , particularly in people with a history of low blood sugar . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching the skin may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_mylan is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of contact your sense of taste ; or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever feeling tired feeling tired fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired fever ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired fever ( feeling tired ) fever , upper abdominal pain ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired fever ( feeling tired ) fever , upper abdominal pain ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired fever ( feeling tired ) fever , upper abdominal pain ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever ( feeling tired ) fever , upper abdominal pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), fever feeling tired fever ( feeling tired ) fever , upper abdominal pain ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever ( feeling tired ) fever , upper abdominal pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), fever feeling tired fever ( feeling tired ) fever , upper abdominal pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) upper abdominal pain ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), fever feeling tired fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) upper abdominal pain ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), fever feeling tired fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) upper abdominal pain ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), fever feeling tired fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) upper abdominal pain ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), fever feeling tired fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) upper abdominal pain ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , swelling of the tongue or throat and / or shortness of breath , throat tightening , cough , chest pain or discomfort , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) or dizziness , you should see your doctor immediately . skin and fluttering , such as fluttering , wheezing or difficulty breathing , swelling or discomfort of the eyes or eyes . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) and rash , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , discomfort or swelling of the eyes , high or low blood pressure , discomfort , swelling in the eyes , fluid retention , increase in heart rate ( electrocardiogram , a fast or irregular heartbeat ), fast heart rate , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( electrocardiogram or qt interval prolongation ) rapid heart rate , a fluttering of the heart ' s electrical activity of the heart ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( electrocardiogram or qt interval ) a heart rhythm disorder , which may be associated with the heart ' s electrical activity of the heart ( a_stroke ) a heart rhythm disorder , which may be associated with the heart ' s electrical activity of the heart ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate if you notice any of the side effects listed below , tell your doctor straight away : skin rash , which may be signs of difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , swelling of the tongue or throat and / or shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , diarrhoea , feeling or being sick , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) or dizziness , feeling very tired , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain or discomfort , swelling or eyes of the eyes . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety 28 uncommon : dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) and rash , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , discomfort or swelling of the eyes , burning sensation in the arms and / or legs , fluid retention ( peripheral neuropathy ) increased heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) irregular heart rate ( atrial fibrillation ) this may cause a heart attack , a fluttering of the heart ' s electrical activity of the heart muscle ( electrocardiogram ) a heart rhythm disorder , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which may be a sign of sudden heart rhythm disorder . if you notice a skin rash , your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with rapiscan . it is important to contact your doctor as soon as possible if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or shortness of breath - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - fluttering of the skin - swelling of the eyes - swelling of the eyes - general feeling of being unwell - swelling or discomfort in the centre of the fingers . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - feeling sick - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - ringing in the ears - cough - throat tightness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - rash - feeling unwell - difficulty sleeping - fainting - chest pain - discomfort or swelling of the eyes - general feeling of being unwell - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular or rapid heart rate - fast or irregular heart rate - abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - rapid heart rate - sudden cardiac death - a fall in the rate of the heart ' s electrical activity of the heart ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - rapid heart rate - rapid heart rate -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache feeling tired dizziness when standing up fainting swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) chest pain high blood pressure swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) reactions such as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using viagra if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 100 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 10 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor evaluation and dyskinesia e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reaction , fainting , restlessness ( visual_impairment ), visual impairment , weight loss , decreased appetite , constipation , visual impairment , vomiting ( being sick ), vomiting , 74 , constipation , 74 abnormal dreams , decreased appetite , constipation , visual impairment , vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), 74 , abnormal dreams , weight gain , paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) delusion , amnesia ( memory disturbance ), hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting , restlessness , visual impairment weight loss , decreased appetite dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs )* inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviors ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) dizziness nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness ( fatigue ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviors ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". if you suffer from very common side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of side effects is described below : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash - eye_redness - back pain - back pain - increased blood pressure - eye irritation - abnormal heart rhythm uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash - increased level of a type of white blood cells . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to involuntary_or_uncontrolled_movements ). doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . other side effects include : very common : nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness ( sleepiness ) and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness ( sleepiness ) and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives ) 29 . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : eye pain and throat problems hives . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : eye pain and throat problems hives . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : eye pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness with symptoms such as cough , fever , low blood pressure , urinary tract pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) chest pain ( urinary tract pain ) high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure ( urinary tract infection ) - high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure ( urinary tract infection ) - high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure in the chest , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , blood in urine , frequent urination , cough , blood in urine , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , frequent urination , blood in urine ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , rash , swelling ( fatigue ), shortness of breath , back pain , constipation , decreased appetite , fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , seizures , abnormal vision , muscle twitching , muscle pain , back pain , dry mouth , tingling , numbness , tingling , abnormal vision , dizziness , blurred vision , blood clots , bruising , high blood pressure , reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) with symptoms such as flushing , rash , itching , difficulty breathing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , fainting , dizziness or fainting . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms : flushing , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be signs of a dizziness , itching , hives , swelling of face and throat , wheezing , trouble breathing , breathing difficulties or breathing , fainting , dizziness or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick and vomiting . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , rash , hives , itching , rash , pain , pain in stomach or intestines , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , trouble swallowing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting , flushing , itching , rash , hives , swelling of face , throat , wheezing , trouble breathing , breathing difficulties or fainting , dizziness , fainting , fainting , itching , hives , swelling of face , throat , wheezing , trouble breathing , breathing difficulties or fainting , dizziness , fainting , fainting , itching , rash , hives , swelling of face , throat , wheezing , trouble breathing , breathing difficulties or fainting , dizziness , fainting , fainting , itching , rash , hives , swelling of face , face_swelling , wheezing , or trouble breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , rash , hives , itching , rash , pain , pain in your stomach or stomach , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , trouble swallowing , breathing difficulties or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting , flushing , itching , hives , swelling of face , throat , wheezing , trouble breathing , breathing difficulties or fainting , dizziness , fainting , fainting , itching , rash , hives , swelling of face , throat , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting , fainting , itching , rash , hives , swelling of face , throat , wheezing or trouble breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . - hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - diarrhoea - feeling sick - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , hives , itching , rash , pain , wheezing - pain in your stomach - stomach pain , stomach discomfort , trouble swallowing , breathing difficulties or breathing - fainting - dizziness , fainting , flushing , itching , hives , swelling of face , throat , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting - dizziness , fainting - fainting , - flushing , - face_swelling , - swelling of face , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting - fainting , - fainting , - itching , - hives , - hives , - swelling of the face , - wheezing , - swelling of hands , ankles or feet , - fainting , - dizziness , - fainting , - fainting , - swelling of the face , - wheezing , - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet . - if you experience any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . - allergic reactions : get medical help immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain and rash , hives , itching , rash , pain , wheezing , - pain in your arms or legs , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - trouble breathing or breathing , - fainting , - dizziness , fainting , flushing , itching , - hives , - face_swelling , - swelling of the face , - wheezing , - shortness of
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking zerene and tell your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects are known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original container in order to protect from light and moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or pharmacist regarding where your pharmacist how to throw away the medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or pharmacist regarding how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect it from light . the reconstituted solution must be used immediately . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is cloudy or contains particulate matter or cloudy . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is cloudy or contains particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of reach and sight of children . do not use wilzin after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original container in order to protect from light . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the applicator after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . after mixing , the vaccine should be administered immediately . after mixing , the vaccine should be stored at 2 - 8 for up to 24 hours . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or pharmacist how to throw away the medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . deterioration may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for up to 4 hours . after radiolabelling , the product must be used immediately . do not use this medicine if you notice signs of deterioration , such as particulate matter or deterioration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines no longer used . these measures will help protect the environment and to prevent accidental access by children .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any afinitor pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of tampering . do not use this medicine if you notice that the package is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of tampering . do not use this medicine if you notice that the package is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pre - filled syringe and the pre - filled syringe . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the pre - filled syringe may be stored at room temperature up to a maximum of 30 days . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or contains visible particles . discard any unused solution appropriately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or shake the vial . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or shake the vial . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). you may take trepulmix out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30 ) for no longer than 72 days . once a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after first use or if carried as a spare you can carry your thorinane pre - filled syringe from the refrigerator and store it not above 25 for a single period of up to 8 days . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is not clear or contains particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after first use , the inhaler may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for up to 12 months . do not store above 25 oc . do not freeze . after preparing the somavert solution it must be used within 12 hours . do not use senstend if you notice changes in the appearance of burn . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not store any unused portion of the infusion solution for re - use . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . do not use this medicine if you notice that the vial is damaged or that the solution is not clear or contains any particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any <blank> pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use this medicine if you notice any particulate matter or deterioration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment . do not use this medicine if you notice any particulate matter or deterioration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment . do not use this medicine if you notice any particulate matter or deterioration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding where to return the medicine .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after dilution , the solution should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and should not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 unless dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is not clear or contains particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use immunogam after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and the syringe label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( deposits ). do not freeze . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after removal the concentrate , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 3 hours at 2 to 8 and 8 hours at 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and should not be longer than 3 hours below 25 protected from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is coloured or contains particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice signs of deterioration , such as particulate matter or deterioration . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . hospital staff will ensure that the product is stored and thrown away correctly and not used this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . hospital staff will ensure that the product is stored and thrown away correctly and not used after the expiry date stated to the last day of that month . hospital staff will ensure that the product is stored and thrown away correctly and not used after the expiry date stated on the label .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the container and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original container in order to protect from light . this medicine may pose a risk to the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to prevent accidental access by children . these measures will help protect the environment . this medicine contains genetically cells . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 28 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . reconstituted and diluted solutions : the product must be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than 6 hours at 2oc 8oc followed by up to 6 hours at 2 - 8 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original container in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or doctor regarding where your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to prevent your doctor or pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . do not use a_sterile_environment if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration prior to administration . dilution is for single use only . discard any unused solution appropriately . do not use the reconstituted solution if you notice any particulate matter or discolouration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . reconstituted and diluted solutions : the product may be stored for up to 36 hours in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) and use within 36 hours . do not use this medicine if you notice changes in the appearance of 36 . any unused solution must be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . alternative storage : when needed ( for example when you are travelling ), 21 can be stored at room temperature up to 30 ) for a maximum period of 21 days be sure to protect it from light . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , your pre - filled syringe must be used within 21 days or disposed of . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the bottle label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). you may take lynparza out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30 ) for no longer than 3 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( not above 30 ) it must either be used within 3 days or disposed of . do not freeze or shake . store in the original package in order to protect from light . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , the syringe may be stored for a maximum of 3 months below 30 and protected from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
store in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , your pre - filled pens may be stored for a maximum of 28 days up to 25 and away from direct heat or direct light . do not use this medicine if you notice it is cloudy or contains visible particles . discard any unused solution appropriately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . this medicine may pose a risk to the environment . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light . this medicine may pose a risk to the environment . do not use this medicine if you notice any damage or signs of tampering to the pack . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label / carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . alternative storage : when needed ( for example when you are travelling ), a single hefiya pre - filled syringe may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a maximum period of 14 days be sure to protect it from light . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , the syringe must be used within 14 days or discarded , even if it is later returned to the refrigerator . you should record the date when the syringe is first removed from refrigerator and the date after which it should be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . you should store your medicine in the original package in order to protect the tablets from moisture . remove your kinzalmono tablet from the blister only directly prior to intake . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after first use or if carried as a spare may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for up to 3 months . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after first opening of the vial , the vials may be stored for a maximum of 3 months below 25 and protected from light . do not freeze or shake the desiccant sachets . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . bottle : store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . bottle : do not store above 30 tell your pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of the capsules . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . tell your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . tell your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after thawing , the product should be used immediately . however , chemical and physical stability has been demonstrated for 8 hours when stored at 2 - 8 and 8 hours at 2 to 8 ( in a refrigerator ). do not use this medicine if you notice changes in the appearance of large_particles . any unused medicine must be discarded . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . after first opening of the tablet container : do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . after first opening of the tablet container : do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . this medicine may pose a risk to the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect it from light . this medicine may pose a risk to the environment . do not use this medicine if you notice it is coloured or contains particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or doctor regarding where to return your medicine and will get your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding where to return the medicine .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after thawing , the product may be stored for a maximum of 30 minutes up to 25 and away from direct heat ( for example next to a heating unit ) or direct light ( direct sunlight or below 25 ). after thawing , the product must be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original container in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to prevent your doctor or pharmacist regarding where your doctor or nurse according to throw away the container . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or doctor regarding where to return your medicine and will get your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding where to return the medicine .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the bottle label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away the medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . - if the pack is not clear , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and should not be eaten . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
store in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use clopidogrel hexal after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not use clopidogrel ratiopharm if you notice any visible sign of damage of blister or film - coated tablets . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment and to prevent accidental access by children . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original bottle and keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture and moisture . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding where to return the medicine .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . do not freeze . do not use this medicine if you notice any particulate matter or deterioration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment . do not use this medicine if you notice any particulate matter or deterioration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after first opening of the bottle , the medicine can be stored for up to 4 months in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) and use within 4 hours . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to prevent accidental access by children . the hospital pharmacist or pharmacist is responsible for the correct disposal of the medicine . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the pre - filled syringe after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature ( up to 30 ) it must be used within 7 days . do not freeze . after preparing the somavert solution it must be used immediately . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is coloured or contains particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . unopened vial : store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). diluted solution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 to 8 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to -8 unless dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is not clear or contains particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . store the vial in the outer carton to protect from light . store the vial in the outer carton to protect from light . - do not store any unused portion of the infusion solution for re - use . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for cytotoxic medicines . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 unless opening has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not freeze . after reconstitution , the product should be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or doctor regarding where to store your doctor or pharmacist regarding where to return the medicine . rivastigmine_hexal your pharmacist store will get your doctor to protect them from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 28 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . reconstituted solution : after dilution , the solution should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and should not be longer than discolouration . the reconstituted solution must be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after preparation , the product must be used within 4 hours . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment and to prevent your access by a doctor , pharmacist or nurse regarding responsible for storing this medicine . once the product has been opened , the solution should be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and should not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 unless opening has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not use this medicine if you notice any particulate matter or waste_material prior to administration . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or pharmacist how to throw away any medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or pharmacist or nurse will throw away any medicines that are no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . alternative storage : when needed ( for example when you are travelling ), a single prolia pre - filled syringe may be stored at room temperature ( up to 30 ) for a maximum period of 30 days be sure to protect it from light . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , the syringe must be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after dilution , the medicine must be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than 2 hours at 2 to 8 , unless dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after dilution , the medicine should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than 48 hours at 2 to 8 . the reconstituted solution must be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of the_tablets will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from light . this medicine may pose a risk to the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . after dilution the reconstituted solution the reconstituted solution may be stored for up to 48 hours at 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would not be longer than 24 hours at 25 . the reconstituted solution must be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . reconstituted and diluted solutions : the product may be stored for up to 3 hours below 30 or below 30 . do not freeze . after preparing the somavert solution it must be used immediately . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles or the solution is discoloured . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after first use or if carried as a spare may be stored for a maximum of 28 days up to 25 and away from direct heat ( for up to 25 it must be used within 3 days or disposed of . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of 8 hours . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . your healthcare professional will throw away any medicines that are no longer being used . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original carton in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is not clear or contains particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to prevent your access by children .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and vial after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after dilution , the product should be used immediately . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to prevent accidental access . do not use this medicine if you notice any particles in the liquid or it is the wrong colour ( see section 6 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is not clear or contains particulate matter . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is not clear or contains particulate matter . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . these measures will help protect the environment .
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . - store in the original container in order to protect from light and moisture and only remove immediately before use . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . - if the pack has been opened , the single - dose container should be taken . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original container in order to protect from light . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to prevent your doctor or pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . this medicine is for single use only . discard any unused solution .
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use nespo after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment and to prevent accidental access by children . do not freeze . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original container in order to protect from light and moisture . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines your medicines no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any jentadueto pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not use this medicine if you notice that the package is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not use this medicine if you notice that the package is damaged or shows signs of tampering . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding safely to your pharmacist or doctor regarding where to return the medicine .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and sachet after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or pharmacist regarding where to return the medicine and use a new container . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment and to your pharmacist or pharmacist regarding where to return the medicine .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . do not store above 30 . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and carton after exp . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). you may take nucala out of the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( not above 7 ) for no longer than 7 days . once a syringe has been removed from the refrigerator and has reached room temperature ( up to 7 ) it must either be used within 7 days or disposed of . do not freeze or shake the desiccant sachets . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister . the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . do not use any ninlaro pack that is damaged or shows signs of any_damage . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of any_damage . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not use any pack that is damaged or shows signs of any_damage . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after " exp ". the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light . this medicine may pose a risk to the environment . do not use this medicine if you notice that the solution is not clear or contains particles . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what incivo contains - the active substance is 375 . each film - coated tablet contains 375 mg , 4 mg , 4 mg , 4 mg , 4 mg , 4 mg , 4 mg , 4 mg , 375 mg or 4 mg film - coated tablets . each film - coated tablet contains 4 ml of film , corresponding to 375 , 375 , 375 , 4 , 375 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 and 4 . 4 ml film - coated tablets film - coated tablets 20 mg film - coated tablets for film - coated tablet contains 4 mg 375 , 4 , 375 , 375 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 375 , 375 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 375 , 375 , 4 , 4 , 4 , 375 , 375 , 4 , or 4 film - filled pens . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what zinbryta contains - the active substance is human normal immunoglobulin . each vial contains 150 micrograms ( 150 micrograms ) per ml . - the other ingredients are : disodium phosphate dihydrate , sodium chloride , polysorbate 80 , glutamic acid , sodium chloride ( see end of section 2 under " important information about some of the ingredients of abasaglar "), disodium edetate dihydrate , sodium chloride , water for injections , sodium hydroxide ( see section 2 " important information about some of the ingredients of abasaglar "), disodium edetate and water for injection . what zabdeno looks like and contents of the pack zabdeno is a white , clear , colourless to slightly yellow solution for injection in a pre - filled pen . each pack contains 1 glass pre - filled syringe of 2 . 2 ml , 150 iu , 150 mg , 150 mg or 150 mg powder for solution for injection .
what wilzin contains the active substance is capsules ( as 50 , 250 , 250 , 250 or 250 capsules ). the other ingredients are : capsule content gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), brilliant blue fcf ( e133 ), brilliant blue fcf ( e133 ), brilliant blue fcf ( e133 ), brilliant blue fcf ( e133 ), brilliant blue fcf ( e133 ), brilliant blue fcf ( e133 ), brilliant blue fcf aluminium lake ( e133 ), ammonium hydroxide ( e527 ). - printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , strong ammonia solution , concentrated ammonia solution , concentrated ammonia solution , concentrated . printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , strong ammonia solution , concentrated ammonia solution , concentrated . printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , strong ammonia solution , concentrated ammonia solution , ammonium hydroxide ( e527 ). what xagrid looks like and contents of the pack capsules are white , opaque , hard capsules , imprinted with ' pg ' on cap . the capsules are provided in plastic bottles containing either 50 , 250 or 250 capsules . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what biktarvy contains the active substances are emtricitabine , tenofovir alafenamide and tenofovir alafenamide . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of emtricitabine and 25 mg of tenofovir alafenamide . the other ingredients are croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , macrogol , talc , iron oxide black , iron oxide red , and iron oxide black . what triumeq looks like and contents of the pack film - coated , 50 mg , 3 mg film - coated tablets are supplied in bottles containing 30 tablets . each bottle contains a silica gel desiccant that must be kept in the bottle to help protect your tablets . the silica gel desiccant is contained in a separate sachet or canister and should not be swallowed . the following pack sizes are available : outer cartons containing 50 bottle of 30 film - coated tablets and outer cartons containing talc ( 3 bottles of 30 ) film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be available in your country .
what novonorm contains - the active substance is repaglinide . one film - coated tablet contains 30 mg repaglinide . - the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate anhydrous , polacrilin potassium , polacrilin potassium , povidone_(polyvidone) , magnesium_stearate , magnesium stearate , meglumine , poloxamer , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). what mektovi looks like and contents of the pack mektovi is a round , film - coated , round , biconvex , film - coated tablets with the company logo on one side and are supplied in packs of 30 , 90 , 120 , 270 , 120 x 1 , 30 x 1 , 90 x 1 or 270 x 1 film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed . 1 , 30 x 1 , 90 x 1 and 270 x 1 film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what pumarix contains active substance : split influenza virus , 25 microgram gastro - resistant hard capsules one capsule contains 50 mg mycophenolate mofetil . the other ingredients are : sodium chloride , disodium phosphate , potassium dihydrogen phosphate , potassium chloride , potassium chloride , magnesium chloride hexahydrate , water for injections what adjupanrix looks like and contents of the pack the suspension is a colourless light opalescent liquid . the emulsion is a whitish to yellowish homogeneous milky liquid emulsion . one pack of prepandrix consists of : one pack containing 50 vials of 2 . 5 ml suspension ( antigen ) two packs containing 80 vials of 2 . 5 ml emulsion ( adjuvant ) is available in packs containing potassium , potassium chloride , potassium chloride , potassium chloride , 100x1 , 100x1 or 100x1 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what somakit_toc contains powder : - the active substance is vestronidase alfa . each vial of powder contains 40 mg , 40 mg , 40 mg , 40 mg , respectively . the other ingredients are l - histidine , sodium hydroxide , mannitol , macrogol 6000 , citric acid anhydrous , sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid and water for injections . what powder hospira looks like and contents of the pack powder for powder for solution for injection is a white to off - white powder or cake . after reconstitution it is a white powder supplied in a glass vial closed with a rubber stopper and aluminium seal . each carton contains one vial of powder . the powder is a white powder presented in a glass vial closed with a rubber stopper and a plastic cap . solvent is a white powder presented in a glass vial .
what afinitor contains - the active substance is everolimus . each tablet contains 10 mg of everolimus . - the other ingredients are lactose anhydrous , magnesium stearate , lactose monohydrate , hypromellose , crospovidone , butylhydroxytoluene , magnesium stearate , silica , colloidal anhydrous , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , butylhydroxytoluene , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , butylhydroxytoluene , hypromellose , crospovidone , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate ,
what anoro ellipta contains - the active substances are umeclidinium_bromide and vilanterol . each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 55 micrograms umeclidinium ( equivalent to 65 micrograms of umeclidinium bromide ) and 65 micrograms of umeclidinium_bromide bromide . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' anoro ellipta contains lactose ') and magnesium stearate . what anoro ellipta looks like and contents of the pack anoro ellipta is an inhalation powder . each ellipta spiromax inhaler contains a white to off - white powder . the capsule is covered with a white to off - white powder . each ellipta spiromax inhaler contains either 7 or 30 doses . multipacks containing 90 ( 3 inhalers of 90 ) doses are also available . not all pack sizes may be marketed . please note that instructions on how .
what tremfya contains the active substance is recombinant beta - 1a . each pre - filled syringe contains 100 mg , 1 mg , 1 , 2 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 100 mg , 1 , 100 mg , 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 x 1 , 100 , 100 x 1 and 100 mg . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what trepulmix contains the active substance is 50 , 100 mg , 100 mg , 1 mg , 5 mg , 1 , 10 mg , 10 mg , 10 mg , 10 mg , 10 mg , 50 mg , 50 mg , 50 mg , 1 , 100 mg or 50 mg sodium hydroxide respectively . the other ingredients are sodium chloride , water for injections ( see section 2 " a_rubber_stopper contains sodium and hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). what zabdeno looks like and contents of the pack the concentrate for solution for injection is a clear , colourless to slightly yellow liquid in a glass vial with a rubber stopper . the clear , colourless and contain a clear , colourless liquid . it is supplied in a pack containing 10 , 25 , 25 or 50 vials . pack sizes of 1 , 5 , 10 x 1 , 100 x 1 or 100 x 1 and 100 x 1 . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what thorinane contains - the active substance is epoetin theta . each pre - filled syringe contains 100 micrograms ( equivalent to 100 micrograms ) epoetin theta in 0 . 3 ml solution . each pre - filled syringe contains 100 micrograms ( 300 units ) epoetin theta in 100 ml solution for injection corresponding to 100 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 16 . 3 micrograms ) per ml . - the other ingredients are : 3 , 000 iu / 0 . 5 ml and 100 micrograms / 0 . 5 ml : each pre - filled syringe contains 100 micrograms ( 10 , 000 micrograms / ml ) epoetin theta in 100 ml solution for injection corresponding to 100 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 166 . 7 micrograms ) per ml . - the other ingredients are : epoetin delta , sodium laurilsulfate , pre - filled hydrochloride monohydrate , polysorbate 2 . 2 mpa . epoetin / 6 , 000 iu / 0 . 75 ml and 000 iu / 0 . 75 ml solution for injection contains 1 , 000 units ( 6 , 000 iu / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 micrograms / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 mg / 0 . 6 ml ( corresponding to 0 . 6 mg / 0 . 6 ml ). not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what senstend contains - the active substances are lidocaine and prilocaine . - each solution of solution contains 50 mg lidocaine and 50 mg of prilocaine . each 150 ml syringe contains 150 mg lidocaine and 2 . 5 mg prilocaine . each pre - filled syringe contains 150 mg lidocaine in 1 ml solution . each 7 . 5 mg pre - filled oral syringe contains 50 mg lidocaine ( as prilocaine l - pyroglutamic acid ) and 150 mg of prilocaine - each pre - filled syringe contains 150 mg of each_spray_container in 1 ml solution . - the other ingredients are : 1 : 50 - 50 - 50 - 50 - 50 - 50 - 50 - 50 - 50 - 50 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 - 20 micrograms tablets not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
what opdivo contains - the active substance is nivolumab . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 10 mg of nivolumab . each vial of 40 ml contains 10 mg of nivolumab . each vial of 40 ml contains 240 mg of nivolumab . the other ingredients are sodium citrate , sodium chloride ( see section 2 " nivolumab bms contains sodium "), hydrochloric acid and water for injections . what sarclisa looks like and contents of the pack nivolumab bms concentrate for solution for infusion ( sterile concentrate ) is a clear to opalescent , colourless to pale yellow liquid , free from visible particles . pack sizes : 1 vial of 240 ml - 1 vial of 10 ml - 1 vial of 10 ml vials 1 x 10 ml vials 1 x 10 ml vials 1 x 1 ml , 40 x 1 ml , 40 x 1 ml and 100 x 1 ml ). not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what clopidogrel_tad contains - the active substance is clopidogrel . each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg of clopidogrel ( as hydrochloride ). - the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , crospovidone ( type a ), macrogol 6000 and hydrogenated castor oil in the tablet core and polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), talc and macrogol 3000 in the film - coating . what boxes like and contents of the pack film - coated tablets ( tablets ) are white , round and slightly convex . boxes of 7 , 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 84 , 90 and 100 film - coated tablets in blisters and boxes of boxes of 28x1 and boxes of 28x1 and boxes of boxes of both film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what tacforius contains - the active substance is tacrolimus . each capsule contains 10 mg or 100 mg of cysteamine ( as sodium monohydrate ). - the other ingredients are lactose , 2910 ( e 421 ), magnesium stearate , gelatin , ethylcellulose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), brilliant blue fcf ( e133 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and black iron oxide ( e172 ). what the_white_capsule_cap looks like and contents of the pack 3 mg capsules light grey opaque cap and light grey body ; approx . 5 , 8 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 50 ", containing almost white powder . 100 mg capsules red opaque cap and white opaque body , hard - shell gelatin capsule filled with white to off - white powder . the capsule is axially printed with mylan over pb50 in black ink on cap and body . packs of 30 and 60 capsules are available . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what clopidogrel_zentiva contains - the active substance is clopidogrel . each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg of clopidogrel ( as hydrogen sulphate ). - the other ingredients are ( see section 2 ' all_aluminium_blisters contains lactose '), microcrystalline cellulose , mannitol , colloidal anhydrous silica , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : hypromellose , triacetin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), triacetin , red iron oxide ( e172 ), triacetin and propylene glycol . see section 2 " all_aluminium_blisters contains lactose ". what nubeqa looks like and contents of the pack leflunomide zentiva 50 mg film - coated tablets are white to off - white , oval shaped , biconvex tablets . they are supplied in cardboard cartons containing 14 , 28 , 30 , 84 , 90 and 100 tablets in blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what yttriga contains - the active substance is chloride ( chloride ). 1_ml_sterile_solution 3 micrograms powder and 1_ml_sterile_solution iu powder for solution for injection each vial of 3 ml of solution for 1_ml_sterile_solution injection contains 3 micrograms chloride ( 3 mg / ml ). - chloride biopartners 3 mg powder for solution for injection each vial of 3 ml of solution for 1_ml_sterile_solution contains 3 micrograms chloride ( 3 mg / ml ). - chloride biopartners 3 mg powder for solution for injection each vial of 3 ml of solution for injection contains 10 micrograms chloride ( 3 mg / ml ). - chloride biopartners 3 mg powder for solution for injection each vial of powder contains 3 mg chloride ( equivalent to 3 micrograms ) of chloride ( corresponding to 3 micrograms of chloride ). - the other ingredients ( excipients ) are hydrochloric acid ( see section 3 " 1_ml_sterile_solution contains sodium "). what 1_ml_sterile_solution looks like and contents of the pack 1_ml_sterile_solution is a powder and 1_ml_sterile_solution solution for injection in pre - filled pen ( 10 mg / 0 . 6 ml ). each pack contains 3 glass pre - filled pen without 3 ml of solution , 3 ampoules of solvent for injection , 3 ampoules of solvent for injection ; - 3 vials of powder for solution for injection , 3 ampoules of solvent for injection , 3 ampoules of solvent for injection ; - 3 vials of powder for solution for injection , 3 ampoules of solvent for injection , 3 ampoules of solvent for injection ; - 3 vials of powder for solution for injection , 3 ampoules of solvent for injection , 3 ampoules of solvent for injection ; - 3 vials of powder for solution for injection , 3 ampoules of solvent for injection , 3 injection syringes , 3 injection needles and 3 cleansing swabs not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what ciambra contains the active substances are pemetrexed and pemetrexed . pemetrexed accord 100 mg : each vial contains 100 milligrams of pemetrexed ( as pemetrexed disodium hemipentahydrate ). after reconstitution , the solution contains 25 mg / ml of pemetrexed ( as pemetrexed_disodium_hemipentahydrate ). - the other ingredients are : mannitol ( e421 ), hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) ( see section 2 " pemetrexed lilly contains sodium "), mannitol ( e421 ), hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) ( for ph adjustment ) and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) ( see section 2 " pemetrexed lilly contains sodium "). what pemetrexed lilly looks like and contents of the pack pemetrexed accord 100 mg concentrate for solution for infusion ( powder for concentrate ) is a white to off - white lyophilised powder or cake . it is available in packs of 1 or hydrochloric vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what immunogam contains - the active substance is methylthioninium chloride ( 5 mg / 5 ml , 5 mg / 96 h or 96 mg methylthioninium chloride , 96 mg methylthioninium chloride , 7 . 5 mg / 5 ml , 96 mg / ml ( 96 mg / ml ) contains 96 mg methylthioninium chloride . each 5 ml vial contains 96 mg methylthioninium chloride . - the other ingredients are polysorbate 80 and water for 80. . what methylthioninium chloride proveblue looks like and contents of the pack methylthioninium chloride proveblue is a white to off - white granules for oral suspension in vials containing 5 ml , 96 ml suspension for injection . each carton contains 5 or 96 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed . manufacturer is available in a pack containing 5 or 96 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what remicade contains - the active substance is infliximab . each vial contains 100 mg of infliximab . after preparation each ml contains 10 mg of infliximab . the other ingredients are sucrose , polysorbate 80 , ethanol anhydrous and water for monobasic_sodium_phosphate . see section 2 " the_powder contains sodium ". what oncaspar looks like and contents of the pack zessly is supplied as a glass vial containing a white to off - white powder for solution for infusion supplied in a glass vial . the powder for concentrate for solution for infusion is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper . each vial contains 1 ml of solution for injection ( equivalent to 2 units ). semglee is available in pack sizes of 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 10 , 5 , 5 or 10 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what rasagiline_mylan contains - the active substance is rasagiline . each tablet contains 1 or 100 mg rasagiline ( as rasagiline ). - the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , povidone k30 , maize starch , pregelatinized maize starch , maize starch , stearic acid , stearic acid , maize starch , maize starch , stearic acid , stearic acid , stearic acid , stearic acid , stearic acid , stearic acid , stearic acid , stearic acid , 1 , 10 , 1 and 10 mg tablets . what memantine mylan looks like and contents of the pack white to off - white , round , flat faced , bevel edged , with inscription ' 1 ' on one side and plain on the other side . the tablets are supplied in pvc / pvdc / aluminium blisters in pack sizes of 7 , 10 , 28 , 30 , 100 , 112 , 10 x 1 , 30 x 1 , 100 x 1 or 112 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what hulio contains the active substance is adalimumab . each 40 ml pre - filled syringe contains 40 mg adalimumab in 0 . 5 ml of solution . the other ingredients are hydrochloric acid , polysorbate 80 , methionine , sorbitol ( e420 ), methionine and water for injections . see section 2 " adalimumab contains sorbitol ( e420 ) and sodium ". what fulphila looks like and contents of the pack amsparity is a clear and colourless solution for injection in a pre - filled syringe ( ready to 1 ml ). the solution is clear to slightly opalescent and colourless to pale yellow . each carton contains 1 glass pre - filled syringe with an attached stainless - steel needle , and needle cap . the syringes are provided with an automatic needle safety vial and needle cap . the syringes are provided with an automatic needle guard .
what yellox contains - the active substance is sodium_hydroxide ( mercaptamine bitartrate ). each ml of solution contains 33 mg ( international units ) of the active substance efavirenz . - the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride , disodium edetate , disodium_edetate , tyloxapol , glutamic acid , sodium hydroxide and purified water . tiny amounts of sodium hydroxide and / or hydrochloric acid are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal . what acidity_levels looks like and contents of the pack the vaccine is a pale yellow to pale yellow liquid supplied in a 33 ml glass bottle , sealed with a screw screw screw cap . the suspension is a pale yellow to pale yellow liquid . zabdeno is available in a pack containing tyloxapol vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed . the suspension is colourless to pale yellow , clear liquid .
what dzuveo contains - the active substance is sufentanil . - each tablet contains 5 mg sufentanil ( as citrate ). - the other ingredients are mannitol , maize starch , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , hypromellose , glycerol triacetate , indigo carmine aluminum lake ( e132 ). what pretomanid ratiopharm looks like and contents of the pack round , white to off - white , oval , biconvex tablet , debossed with " gsi " on one side and " 10 " on the other side . the tablet is 5 mm long and 10 mm wide . pack sizes of 3 , 30 and 3 tablets , and in multipacks comprising 3 cartons , each containing 30 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed . 5 mg , 10 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg ,
what erleada contains the active substance is a_child-resistant_closure ( as hemifumarate ). each film - coated tablet contains 120 mg , 60 mg or 120 mg . the other ingredients are tablet core ; croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose and colloidal anhydrous silica . the film - coating contains polyvinyl alcohol - partially hydrolyzed , macrogol , polyvinyl alcohol , talc , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), macrogol , polyvinyl alcohol , talc and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). the film - coat contains macrogol , polyvinyl alcohol , talc , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), macrogol , polyvinyl alcohol , talc and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). the film - coat contains macrogol , polyvinyl alcohol , talc , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), macrogol , polyvinyl alcohol , talc and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). what dificlir looks like and contents of the pack the film - coated tablet is oval - shaped , white to off - white film - coated tablet with breaking line and engravings " 1 . 0 " on one side . the tablet can be divided into equal doses . the tablets are packaged in blisters in packs containing 60 , 112 , 120 or 120 film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what axumin contains - the active substance is 1 , 10 , 1600 , corresponding , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 micrograms / ml , 000 micrograms / ml , 000 micrograms / 0 . 9 ml , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml solution , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml solution , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml solution , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml solution , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml solution , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml solution , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml solution , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml solution , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml solution , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml solution , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30 , 000 iu / 0 . 9 ml 30
what azopt contains the active substances are brinzolamide and brinzolamide . each ml of brinzolamide contains 5 mg of brinzolamide and 5 mg of brinzolamide . each 5 ml ampoule contains 10 mg of brinzolamide and 10 mg of brinzolamide . the other ingredients are mannitol , disodium edetate , sodium chloride , tyloxapol , sodium hydroxide , tyloxapol , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal . what brinzolamide looks like and contents of the pack zoledronic acid medac is a clear and colourless liquid . it is supplied in plastic bottles containing 10 or 10 capsules . the blisters contain 5 or 10 hard gastro - resistant capsules . the suspension in a 5 ml clear glass bottle . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what forxiga contains - the active substance is dapagliflozin . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 5 mg dapagliflozin hydrochloride equivalent to 5 mg dapagliflozin . - the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , lactose ( see section 2 ), colloidal silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate . film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 , talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ). - printing ink : shellac , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 , talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ). what non-perforated_calendar_blisters looks like and contents of the pack ebymect 0 . 5 mg / 5 mg film - coated tablets are available in calendar blisters in pack sizes of 14 , 28 or 98 film - coated tablets in non - perforated calendar blisters and 30x1 or 90x1 film - coated tablets in perforated unit dose blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
what mepact contains - the active substance is 50 mg of suspension for suspension for infusion contains 2 mg of suspension . after reconstitution , 4 ml of suspension contains 4 mg of the_other_ingredients ( iu ) vonicog alfa . after reconstitution , 4 ml of suspension for infusion contains 2 mg bortezomib . after reconstitution with 4 ml of water for infusion approx . iu / ml concentrate for solution for infusion contains 2 mg bortezomib . after reconstitution with 4 ml of water for infusion approx . iu / ml fviii and 2 iu / ml vwf . 2 iu powder for solution for infusion each vial contains 2 mg ( international units ) vonicog alfa ( recombinant human erythropoietin ). after reconstitution , 4 ml of the solution for infusion contains 4 mg bortezomib . subcutaneous reconstitution : after reconstitution , 4 ml of water for infusion approx . 5 mg / ml ( 0 . 2 %) solution for injection ) contains 2 iu ( international units ) vonicog alfa . after reconstitution with 4 ml of water for infusion approx . iu / ml fviii and 2 iu / ml vwf . 2 iu powder for solution for infusion each vial contains 2 mg ( international units ) vonicog alfa ( recombinant human erythropoietin ). after reconstitution , 4 ml of the solution for infusion contains 4 mg bortezomib . subcutaneous reconstitution : after reconstitution , 4 ml of water for infusion approx . 5 mg / ml ( 0 . 2 %) solution for injection ) contains 2 iu ( international units ) vonicog alfa ( recombinant human erythropoietin ). after reconstitution , 4 ml of the solution for infusion contains 4 mg bortezomib . subcutaneous reconstitution : after reconstitution , 4 ml of water for infusion approx . 5 mg / ml ( 0 . 2 %) solution for injection ) contains 2 iu ( international units ) vonicog alfa ( recombinant human erythropoietin ). after reconstitution , 4 ml of the solution for infusion contains 4 mg bortezomib . subcutaneous reconstitution : after reconstitution , 4 ml of water for infusion approx . 5 mg / ml ( 0 . 2 %) solution for injection ) contains 2 iu ( international units ) vonicog alfa ( recombinant human erythropoietin ). after reconstitution , 4 ml of the solution for infusion contains 4 mg bortezomib . subcutaneous reconstitution : after reconstitution , 4 ml of water for infusion approx . 5 mg / ml ( 0 . 2 %) solution for injection ) contains 2 mg ( international units ) vonicog alfa ( recombinant human erythropoietin ). after reconstitution , the solution contains 4 mg / ml ( 0 . 2 %) solution for injection ) contains 2 mg ( international units ) vonicog alfa ( recombinant human erythropoietin ). after reconstitution , the solution contains 4 mg / ml ( 0 . 2 %) solution for injection ). what the_other_ingredients looks like and contents of the pack kogenate medicine is a white to off - white powder for solution for infusion , supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium cap . pack size : 4 vial of powder for solution for injection and 4 ampoules of solvent for injection ; - 4 vials of powder for solution for injection , 4 ampoules of solvent for injection , 4 injection syringes , 24 injection needles and 2 cleansing swabs . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what mirvaso contains - the active substance is gel . each gel of gel contains 1 mg of gel in 2 . 2 ml of solution , corresponding to 2 . 2 mg of gel . each vial of 2 ml of gel contains 1 mg of gel in 2 ml of solution , corresponding to 30 doses . gel is available in pack sizes of 1 , 30  1 , 30  1 , 30  1 or 30  1 . solvent . not all pack sizes may be marketed . each pack of paliperidone janssen - cilag international 2 mg of gel contains 1 mg of drotrecogin 2 . 5 mg of gel . each pack of paliperidone janssen - cilag international 2 mg of gel contains 30 mg of gel . each pack of paliperidone janssen - cilag international 30 mg are available in packs of 1 or 30  1 film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be available in your country .
what mvasi contains the active substance is bevacizumab . each ml of concentrate contains 25 mg of bevacizumab , corresponding to 1 . 4 to 16 . 5 mg / ml when diluted as recommended . each 4 ml vial contains 100 mg of bevacizumab , corresponding to 1 . 4 mg / ml when diluted as recommended . each 16 ml vial contains 400 mg of bevacizumab , corresponding to 1 . 4 mg / ml when diluted as recommended . each 16 ml vial contains 400 mg of bevacizumab , corresponding to 16 . 5 mg / ml when diluted as recommended . the other ingredients are trehalose dihydrate , sodium phosphate , polysorbate 20 and water for injections . what sarclisa looks like and contents of the pack equidacent is a concentrate for solution for infusion . it is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellow liquid in a glass vial with a rubber stopper . each vial contains 100 mg of bevacizumab in 4 ml of solution or 400 mg bevacizumab in 16 ml of solution or 400 mg bevacizumab in 16 ml of solution . each pack of equidacent contains one vial .
what tecartus contains 68 - the active substance is aliskiren ( as sodium ) 68 mg / ml . - the other ingredients are sodium chloride , human albumin , sodium chloride and human albumin ( see section 2 " zoely contains sodium ". what libmeldy looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a white to off - white powder for solution for infusion provided in a clear glass vial with a rubber stopper and an aluminium seal with a plastic flip off cap . each single - dose bag contains 68 ml of cell dispersion . each carton contains one bottle , a 68 ml oral syringe and a peel - off sealing seal , containing 68 ml of cell dispersion . each pack contains one bottle , two infusion set and 1 sterile syringe ( 2 x 20 ) per carton ). not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what januvia contains - the active substance is sitagliptin . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 25 mg of sitagliptin ( as sitagliptin sulfate ). - the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate , croscarmellose sodium , and magnesium stearate . the tablet film coating contains : poly ( vinyl alcohol ), macrogol 3350 , talc ( e553b ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ). what sprimeo looks like and contents of the pack the film - coated tablets ( tablets ) are white , oval , biconvex . they are supplied in cardboard cartons containing 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 84 , 90 , 98 film - coated tablets and 50 x 1 film - coated tablets in perforated unit dose blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what xultophy contains the active substances are liraglutide and liraglutide . 1 ml solution for injection contains 100 units of insulin glargine ( equivalent to 3.6 micrograms of liraglutide ). - the other ingredients are glycerol , phenol , phenol , zinc acetate , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 " liraglutide contains sodium ". what liraglutide looks like and contents of the pack liraglutide is a clear , colourless solution for injection in a vial . rienso is available in packs of 1 , 3 , 5 and 10 pre - filled pens , in a multipack of 300 comprising 2 cartons , each containing 3 pens , and in multipacks comprising 10 cartons , each containing 2 pens , and in multipacks comprising 10 cartons , each containing 3 pens . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what brimica genuair contains - the active substance is ivabradine ( 2 , 2 , 2 , 4 , 4 , 20 , 7 , 7 , 7 , 4 , 7 , 4 , 7 , 4 , 7 , 4 , 7 , 4 x 1 , 4 , 20  20 , 20 mg / 20 ml or 20 mg / 20 ml ). the other ingredients are blisters ( e 7 , 4 , 20 x 1 , 20 mm monohydrate , 7 , 20 x 1 , 20 x 1 , 20 x 1 , 20 x 1 , 20 mg / 20 mg what 1_film-coated_tablets looks like and contents of the pack biresp zentiva 7 mg / 20 mg are white , opaque , hard gelatin capsules with beveled edges and the code " 552 " and a white , almost white powder . it is available in packs of 1 , 2 , 4 , 20 or 20 hard capsules . unit dose blisters containing 7 or 4 clear blisters of 7 x 1 or 20 x 1 film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be available in your country .
what orkambi contains the active substance is ivacaftor . each hard capsule contains 100 mg , 200 mg or 200 mg of ivacaftor . the other ingredients are : tablet core : hypromellose_acetate_succinate hydrochloride , sodium laurilsulfate , microcrystalline cellulose , cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , and magnesium stearate . see section 2 " 28_film-coated_tablets contains sodium ". what incresync looks like and contents of the pack the film - coated tablets ( tablets ) are white to off - white , capsule - shaped , biconvex with a score line on one side and the boehringer ingelheim logo on the other side . the following pack sizes are available : 14 or 28 film - coated tablets and 125 film - coated tablets ( 3 bottles of 125 film - coated tablets ) and 90 film - coated tablets ( 3 bottles of 28 film - coated tablets ) not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what lynparza contains the active substance is 50 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 or 112 tablets , in multipacks of 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 or 112 tablets , in multipacks of 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 or 112 tablets , in multipacks of 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 or 112 tablets , in multipacks of 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 or 112 tablets , in multipacks of 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 or 112 tablets , in multipacks of 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 or 112 tablets , in multipacks of 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 or 112 tablets , in multipacks of 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 or 112 tablets , in multipacks of 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 448 , 50 or 112 tablets , in multipacks of 50 , 112 , 448 , 448 , 50 , 448 , 448
what nyxoid contains - the active substance is naloxone . each pre - filled syringe contains 0 . 75 mg naloxone ( as sodium monohydrate ). each ml of solution contains 1 . 75 mg of naloxone in 0 . 5 ml solution . - the other ingredients are sodium chloride , citric acid , purified water , sodium hydroxide , purified water , sodium hydroxide , citric acid , purified water , purified water , sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal flavour : water for injections , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide , purified water , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal used , sodium chloride , citric acid , purified water , sodium hydroxide , purified water , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal used . the other ingredients are sodium chloride , sodium hydroxide , citric acid , purified water , sodium hydroxide , purified water , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal used , purified water , purified water , sodium hydroxide , raspberry flavour , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide are added to keep acidity levels ( ph ) and sodium chloride solution .
what ovaleap contains - the active substance is epoetin alfa . each pre - filled syringe contains 0 . 5 mg ( in 0 . 10 ml ). - the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride , mannitol , methionine , polysorbate 20 , sodium dihydrogen phosphate dihydrate , sodium hydroxide and water for injections . what benzyl_alcohol looks like and contents of the pack besremi is presented as a clear and colourless solution for injection in a pre - filled pen ( 10 mg / 0 . 6 ml ). each pack contains 1 , 10 or 600 pre - filled syringes ( s ) with or without a needle safety guard . not all pack sizes may be marketed . each pack contains 1 , 10 or 600 pre - filled pens . not all pack sizes may be marketed . each pack contains 1 , 10 or 600 pre - filled pens . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what voriconazole_accord contains - the active substance is voriconazole . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg voriconazole . - the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see end of section 2 ), croscarmellose sodium , povidone and magnesium stearate . the film - coat contains hypromellose , lactose monohydrate , titanium dioxide , triacetin , triacetin and yellow iron oxide ( e172 ). see section 2 " film-coated_tablets) contains lactose ". what vizarsin looks like and contents of the pack 50 mg film - coated tablets are orange , film - coated tablets with " 50 " marked on one side . film - coated tablets are supplied in boxes of 10 , 14 , 28 , 30 , 56 , 56 , or film-coated_tablets) film - coated tablets and 100 x 28 film - coated tablets in blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what mvabea contains - the active substance is human normal immunoglobulin . each pre - filled syringe contains 29 u ( equivalent to 29 micrograms ) of 108 . - the other ingredients are sodium chloride , trometamol , trometamol , hydrochloric acid , sodium chloride and water for injections . what zabdeno looks like and contents of the pack zabdeno is a suspension in a single - dose glass vial ( 0 . 5 ml ) with a rubber stopper and red cap . colourless to off - white , clear to slightly opalescent suspension . a single syringe contains 0 . 5 ml of solution . pack size of 108 or 108 pre - filled syringes . not all pack sizes may be marketed . the suspension is colourless to pale yellow , clear to pale brown . small white particles may be present . 108 is available in a pack containing 29 single - dose vials .
what bondronat contains the active substance is ibandronic acid . one vial contains 1 mg ibandronic acid ( as sodium monohydrate ). each vial of 2 ml concentrate for solution for infusion contains 2 mg ibandronic acid ( as sodium monohydrate ) the other ingredients are water for injections , sodium chloride , sodium acetate , glacial acetic acid , sodium hydroxide and water for injections . see section 2 " fulphila contains sodium ". what fulphila looks like and contents of the pack zoledronic acid accord is supplied as a concentrate for solution for infusion . it is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow liquid supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and an aluminium seal with a plastic flip off cap . each vial contains 2 ml of prolonged - release solution for injection . pack size of 1 vial .
what zeposia contains - the active substance is capsules ( as hemifumarate ) 3 mg . - the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , silica , colloidal anhydrous , magnesium stearate , gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and black iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and black iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and black iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and black iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and titanium dioxide ( e171 ). o printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , ammonium hydroxide , black iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and black iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and black iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and black iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and black iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and titanium dioxide ( e171 ). o printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , ammonium hydroxide , black iron oxide ( e172 ). the printing ink contains shellac , propylene glycol , and ammonia solution , plastic . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what anoro ellipta contains - the active substances are fluticasone furoate and vilanterol . each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 55 micrograms umeclidinium ( equivalent to 55 micrograms of umeclidinium bromide ) and 65 micrograms of umeclidinium_bromide bromide . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' rolufta ellipta contains lactose ') and magnesium stearate . see section 2 under ' anoro ellipta contains lactose ') what rolufta spiromax looks like and contents of the pack rolufta ellipta is an inhalation powder . each ellipta spiromax inhaler contains a white to off - white powder , a single - dose inhaler . the mouthpiece is covered with a removable orange protective cap . it is supplied in a foil laminate tray with a peelable foil lid . the tray contains a desiccant packet , to reduce moisture in the packaging . the active substances are present as a white powder in separate sachet inside the inhaler . each inhaler contains either 14 or 30 doses . multipacks containing 90 ( 3 inhalers of 30 ) doses are also available . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what zinforo contains the active substance is 600 , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600 iu , 600
what pregabalin_pfizer contains the active substance is pregabalin . each hard capsule contains either 25 mg , 50 mg , 75 mg , 100 mg , 150 mg , 200 mg , 225 mg or 300 mg of pregabalin . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , maize starch , talc , gelatine , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), sodium laurilsulfate , purified water . o printing ink : shellac , black iron oxide ( e172 ), propylene glycol and potassium hydroxide . what pregabalin zentiva looks like and contents of the pack 25 mg capsules white opaque cap and light grey body ; approx . 15 , 9 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 75 mg capsules red cap and red body ; approx . 15 , 9 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 225 mg capsules red cap and red body ; approx . 15 , 9 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 225 mg capsules red cap and red body ; approx . 15 , 9 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 225 mg capsules red cap and red body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 225 mg capsules red cap and light grey body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 225 mg capsules flesh opaque cap and flesh opaque body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 300 mg capsules red cap and light grey body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 225 mg capsules flesh opaque cap and flesh opaque body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 300 mg capsules red cap and light grey body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 300 mg capsules red cap and light grey body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 300 mg capsules red cap and light grey body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 300 mg capsules red cap and light grey body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 300 mg capsules red cap and light grey body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 300 mg capsules flesh opaque cap and flesh opaque body ; approx . 19 , 4 mm in length , hard gelatin capsule with imprinting " 100 ", containing almost white powder . 225 mg capsules flesh opaque cap and white opaque body , hard - shell gelatin capsule filled with white to off - white powder . the capsule is axially printed with mylan over pb225 in black ink on cap and body . available in blister packs containing 14 , 56 , 84 , 100 capsules and in multipacks comprising 112 packs , each containing 21 capsules , and in hospital packs containing 56 , 84 , 100 capsules and in multipacks comprising 112 packs , each containing 21 capsules , and in hdpe bottles of 56 capsules . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what xadago contains - the active substance is iron_oxide_red . each tablet contains 100 mg . - the other ingredients are hypromellose , microcrystalline cellulose , pregelatinised starch , macrogol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). what 100 mg film - coated tablets iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). 100 mg film - coated tablets : hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). what 100 mg film - coated tablets iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). 100 mg film - coated tablets : hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). what 100 mg film - coated tablets iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). 100 mg film - coated tablets : hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). what 100 mg film - coated tablets iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). 100 mg film - coated tablets : hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). what 100 mg film - coated tablets iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). 100 mg film - coated tablets : hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). what 100 mg film - coated tablets iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), hypromellose , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). - 100 mg film - coated tablets : hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). - 100 mg film - coated tablets tablet core : hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what zytiga contains - the active substance is pretomanid . each tablet contains 2 mg pretomanid . - the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , povidone , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , colloidal anhydrous silica , sodium laurilsulfate , povidone ( k30 ) and titanium dioxide ( e171 ). see section 2 " the_tablets contains lactose and sodium ". what spedra looks like and contents of the pack the tablets are white to off - white , oval , with bevelled edges and " 120 " on one side . the tablet can be divided into equal doses . the tablets are packaged in a plastic bottle with child - resistant caps . each bottle contains either 120 or 2 tablets . the silica gel desiccant is contained in a separate sachet or canister and should not be swallowed . the following pack size is available : single pack containing 120 tablets .
what hefiya contains - the active substance is adalimumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 20 mg of adalimumab in 0 . 4 ml of solution . - the other ingredients are adipic acid , citric acid monohydrate , sodium chloride , mannitol , polysorbate 80 , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and water for injections . see section 2 " a_needle_guard_with_finger_flange,_rubber_needle_cap_and_plastic_plunger_rod contains sodium ". what fulphila looks like and contents of the pack hyrimoz is a clear and colourless solution for injection ( injection ) in a pre - filled syringe with a fixed injection needle with a needle guard with finger flange , rubber needle cap and plastic plunger rod , 0 . 4 ml of 0 . 4 ml each pre - filled syringe with 0 . 8 ml of solution . 4 pre - filled syringes of 0 . 4 ml each pre - filled syringe with 0 . 8 ml of solution . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what ritemvia contains the active substance is rituximab . each vial of 10 ml contains 100 mg of rituximab . each 10 ml vial contains 100 mg of rituximab . the other ingredients are sodium chloride , sodium citrate , tri - sodium citrate dihydrate , polysorbate 80 and water for injections . see section 2 " rituximab contains sodium ". what phesgo looks like and contents of the pack phesgo is a clear , colourless solution for injection , supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium seal . each vial contains 2 ml of solution for injection ( equivalent to 100 units ). it is available in pack sizes of 10 , 10 or 100 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed . 2 mg / ml solution for injection in a 2 ml clear glass ampoule . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what capecitabine_teva contains the active substances are film-coated_tablets_each_film and capecitabine . each capsule contains 150 mg capecitabine and 500 mg capecitabine - the other ingredients are : croscarmellose sodium , hypromellose , magnesium stearate , croscarmellose sodium , hypromellose , macrogol 400 , yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 400 , talc , yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ). what capecitabine medac looks like and contents of the pack capecitabine medac 150 mg film - coated tablets are white , round , biconvex tablets marked with " h3647 " on one side and " 150 " on the other . the tablets are provided in blisters and are available in packs containing 60 or 120 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what silodosin_recordati contains the active substance is silodosin . each hard capsule contains 100 mg of silodosin . the other ingredients are pregelatinised maize starch , mannitol ( e421 ), magnesium stearate , sodium laurilsulfate , gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) ( all strengths except 3 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 90 , 90 , 100 , 3 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). what parareg looks like and contents of the pack ellaone is a white , opaque , hard gelatin capsules , size 3 ( approximately 21 . 3 x 3 . 9 mm ) filled with white to nearly white coloured powder . 21.7 is available in packs containing 10 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 90 , 100 , 100 , 90 , 100 , 100 , 10 , 30 , 50 , 90 , 100 capsules . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what kinzalmono contains - the active substance is telmisartan . each tablet contains 20 mg telmisartan . - the other ingredients are povidone , meglumine , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ) and magnesium stearate . each 20 mg / 20 mg telmisartan - the other ingredients are povidone , meglumine , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ) and magnesium stearate . each 20 mg / 20 mg telmisartan - the other ingredients are povidone , meglumine , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ) and magnesium stearate . each 20 mg telmisartan tablet contains 20 mg telmisartan . the other ingredients are povidone , meglumine , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ) and magnesium stearate . what 20 micrograms looks like and contents of the pack 20 mg telmisartan tablets are white to off - white , round , and debossed with " bms 20 " on one side and plain on the other side . telmisartan accord 20 mg / 20 mg telmisartan . - the other ingredients are povidone , meglumine , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ) and magnesium stearate . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what afstyla contains powder : - the active substance is octocog alfa ( recombinant human coagulation factor viii ). each powder vial of powder contains 400 , 400 , 600 , 2500 , 100 , 100 , 200 , 200 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 , 300 or 3000 iu per vial , respectively . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what praxbind contains - the active substance is glacial ( 18f ) 20 micrograms epoetin zeta per ml . - the other ingredients are : sodium acetate trihydrate , glacial acetic acid , sodium acetate trihydrate , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 20 and water for injections . what a_butyl_rubber_stopper looks like and contents of the pack a_butyl_rubber_stopper is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellow concentrate for solution for infusion . it is available in a pack containing 1 , 20 or 20 single - dose vials . not all pack sizes may be available in your country . the suspension is colourless to pale yellow , clear to slightly opalescent . pack size of 1 , 20 or 20 vials . not all pack sizes may be available in your country . the suspension is colourless to pale yellow , clear to slightly opalescent . zabdeno is available in a pack containing 20 single - dose vials .
what temomedac contains the active substance is temozolomide . each hard capsule contains 250 mg or 5 mg temozolomide . - the other ingredients are : capsule content : lactose anhydrous , colloidal anhydrous silica , tartaric acid , stearic acid ( see end of section 2 under ' nilemdo contains lactose and propylene glycol ' for further information . capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), shellac , propylene glycol , indigo carmine ( e132 ) aluminium body ( e 172 ) printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , indigo carmine ( e132 ) 250 mg hard capsules : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), shellac , propylene glycol , indigo carmine ( e132 ) aluminium lake ( e 172 ). what dificlir looks like and contents of the pack procysbi 250 mg hard capsules have a white opaque body and cap with two stripes in black ink on the cap and with " t 100 mg " in black ink on the body . each capsule is approximately 140 mm in length . the hard capsules are dispensed in amber glass bottles containing 5 or 20 capsules . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what cialis contains - the active substance is tadalafil . each tablet contains 2 . 5 mg of tadalafil . - the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see end of section 2 ), croscarmellose sodium , hydroxypropylcellulose , microcrystalline cellulose , sodium laurilsulfate , magnesium stearate . film - coat : lactose monohydrate , hypromellose , titanium dioxide , triacetin , iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). see section 2 " tadalafil contains lactose and sodium ". what tadalafil mylan looks like and contents of the pack - tadalafil teva 1 . 5 mg is a light yellow , film - coated , round , film - coated tablet , debossed with " 2 . 5 " on one side and 1 . 5 and an " r " on the other side . they are available in packs containing 2 , croscarmellose or triacetin film - coated tablets .
what enyglid contains the active substance is repaglinide . one tablet contains 2 . 5 mg repaglinide . the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate , anhydrous , croscarmellose sodium , povidone , magnesium stearate , meglumine , poloxamer , poloxamer , yellow iron oxide ( e172 ). what darker_spots looks like and contents of the pack darker_spots 2 mg tablets are white to off - white , biconvex , round with bevelled edges and possible darker spots . boxes of 30 , 60 , 90 , 120 , 270 and 360 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed . please note that instructions on how to remove the tablet from the blister on the blister . the tablets are available in boxes of 30 , 60 , 90 , 120 , 270 and 360 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what azacitidine_mylan contains - the active substance is azacitidine . one vial of powder contains 100 mg azacitidine . after reconstitution , 4 ml of water for injections , the reconstituted suspension contains 25 mg / ml azacitidine . - the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), 7 , 7 - trehalose dihydrate , water for injections . what azacitidine accord looks like and contents of the pack azacitidine hospira is a white powder for suspension for injection and is supplied in a glass vial containing 25 mg of azacitidine . after reconstitution , each ml of the solution for injection contains 25 mg of azacitidine . the powder is a white to pale yellow pellet . each carton contains 7 vials of powder . 7 mg granules for solution for injection contains one 7 ml clear glass vial with a flip - off cap containing 25 mg of azacitidine .
what duotrav contains - the active substance is travoprost . each ml of solution contains 40 micrograms of timolol ( as timolol ). the other ingredients are : diethylene glycol monoethyl ether , hydrogenated castor oil , 40 , propylene glycol ( e1520 ), sodium chloride , mannitol , purified water , purified water . tiny amounts of hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal . what izba looks like and contents of the pack sialanar oral solution is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow liquid supplied in a 3 ml plastic bottle with a screw cap . each bottle contains 2 . 5 ml of solution , delivering one single dose of 0 . 5 ml with a micro - injection system in packs of 1 , 3 , 5 and 6 . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what nplate contains - the active substance is 625 ( 625 micrograms ) 625 iu . - the other ingredients are mannitol , l - histidine , l - histidine hydrochloride monohydrate , l - histidine ,  - trehalose dihydrate , polysorbate 20 . each pre - filled syringe contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dosage unit , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '. what revasc looks like and contents of the pack vihuma is a clear and colourless solution for injection . it comes in a clear glass vial with a rubber stopper and an aluminium seal with a plastic cap . pack sizes : 1 , 4 , 4 , 250 or 4 single - use 4 ml pre - filled syringe ( s ) with or without a needle safety guard . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what tovanor_breezhaler contains - the active substances are glycopyrronium and glycopyrronium . each capsule contains 63 micrograms of glycopyrronium_bromide bromide ( equivalent to 50 micrograms of glycopyrronium ) and 44 micrograms of glycopyrronium ( as fumarate ). - the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , gelatin and titanium dioxide ( e171 ). what seebri breezhaler looks like and contents of the pack white to off - white powder . the capsules are transparent and contain a white powder . they have the product code " igp110 . 5 " printed in black ink on the body and two black bands printed in black ink on the body . the following pack sizes are available : packs containing 6x1 , 10x1 , 12x1 , 84x1 , 90x1 or 90x1 hard capsules , together with multipacks containing 90 ( 3 packs of 3_packs_of_30x1)_hard_capsules ) hard capsules and 3_inhalers inhalers . multipacks containing 96 ( 4 packs of 24x1 ) hard capsules and 24x1)_hard_capsules inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . not all pack sizes may be available in your country .
what adasuve contains - the active substance is delivers delivers human coagulation factor ix ( 1 , 5 , 5 , delivers delivers 5 , 5 , delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml , delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml , delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( 5 , 5 , 000 iu of delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml , delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml , delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 166 . 7 micrograms ) colecalciferol in 0 . 5 ml solution . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 0 . 5 ml solution for injection : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 166 . 7 micrograms ) colecalciferol in 0 . 5 ml solution . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 0 . 5 ml solution for injection : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 33 . 7 micrograms ) per ml . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 166 . 7 micrograms ) colecalciferol in 0 . 5 ml solution . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 0 . 5 ml solution for injection : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 33 . 7 micrograms ) per ml . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 166 . 7 micrograms ) colecalciferol in 0 . 5 ml solution . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 0 . 5 ml solution for injection : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 33 . 7 micrograms ) per ml . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 166 . 7 micrograms ) colecalciferol in 0 . 5 ml solution . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 0 . 5 ml solution for injection : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 33 . 7 micrograms ) per ml . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 166 . 7 micrograms ) colecalciferol in 0 . 5 ml solution . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 0 . 5 ml solution for injection : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 166 . 7 micrograms ) colecalciferol in 0 . 5 ml solution . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 166 . 7 micrograms ) colecalciferol in 0 . 5 ml solution . delivers 5 , 000 iu / 0 . 5 ml solution for injection : each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 000 international units ( iu ) ( 83 . 7 micrograms ) per ml . the other ingredients are : o tablet core : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ) and delivers sodium hydroxide ( see section 5 " delivers contains lactose "). what delivers looks like and contents of the pack xoterna 5 mg / 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml , 000 iu / 5 ml , 000 iu / 5 ml , 000 iu / 5 ml and delivers 5 , 000 iu / 5 ml tablets are available in alu foil blisters of 1 , 000 iu tablets
what azacitidine_betapharm contains - the active substance is azacitidine . each vial contains 100 mg azacitidine . after reconstitution , 4 ml of water for injections , each vial contains 25 mg azacitidine . - the other ingredients are mannitol , water for injections , and water for injections . what azacitidine accord looks like and contents of the pack azacitidine hospira is a white powder for suspension for injection in a glass vial containing 100 mg of azacitidine . the powder is a white to pale yellow pellet . each carton contains 4 vials of powder for solution for injection and one ampoule of 2 . 5 ml of water for injection . not all pack sizes may be marketed . the suspension is colourless to pale yellow , clear to light - coloured . two pack size is available : vial pack containing 100 vials of powder .
what cerdelga contains the active substance is green_opaque_cap . one hard capsule contains 2 mg temozolomide . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ' green_opaque_cap contains lactose '), microcrystalline cellulose , hypromellose , glycerol dibehenate , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ). see section 2 " green_opaque_cap contains lactose and sodium ". what nexium looks like and contents of the pack opaque , opaque , slightly green film - coated , imprinted with " p20 " on one side and " nvr " on the other . they are available in packs containing 14 , 56 , 84 or 196 capsules ) and plastic bottles of 196 capsules . not all pack sizes may be marketed . please note that instructions on how to remove the tablet from the blister strip are given on the cap .
what zoledronic acid accord contains - the active substance is zoledronic acid . one vial contains monohydrate , equivalent to 4 . 5 mg zoledronic acid ( as monohydrate ). - the other ingredients are mannitol , sodium citrate and water for injections . what zoledronic acid accord looks like and contents of the pack zoledronic acid accord concentrate for concentrate for solution for a_liquid_concentrate is a clear , colourless to pale yellow to brown - yellow lyophilised powder in a glass vial zoledronic rubber stopper and aluminium flip - off over 4 mg concentrate for solution for injection each vial of powder contains 4 mg ibandronic acid ( as concentrate ). each pack of jivi contains 4 vials of powder for solution for concentrate and 4 ampoules of solvent for injection ; - 4 vials of powder for solution for injection , 4 ampoules of solvent for injection , 4 injection syringes , 24 injection needles and 4 cleansing swabs . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what varuby contains - the active substance is pretomanid . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 100 mg pretomanid . - the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , pregelatinised starch , povidone ( k25 ), colloidal silicon dioxide and magnesium stearate . - film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide , macrogol , polysorbate 80 , talc . see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 " 80. contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) see section 2 ' talmanco contains lactose and sodium ". film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) see section 2 " talmanco contains lactose ( milk sugar ). not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what the_active_substances breezhaler contains - the active substances are indacaterol ( as acetate ) and mometasone furoate . each capsule contains 150 micrograms of indacaterol ( as acetate ) and 50 micrograms of mometasone furoate . - the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate and magnesium stearate . what seebri breezhaler looks like and contents of the pack hard capsules have a white opaque body and a white body with ' enzepi 40 ' printed on it and contains light - brown powder . enzepi 50 mg hard capsules have a white opaque body and cap with two stripes in black ink on the cap and with " t 50 mg " in black ink on the body . each capsule is approximately 50 mm in length . the hard capsules are dispensed in amber glass bottles containing 5 capsules . the hard capsules are transparent and white and contain a white powder . they have the product code " igp110 . 5 " on the body of the capsule body with black ink containing white powder . the capsules are filled with white to yellowish white powder . the capsule is axially printed with black ink in black ink on cap and body . available in transparent unit dose blisters . the following pack sizes are available : single pack containing 50 capsules in blisters .
what clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh contains the active substance is clopidogrel . each tablet contains 75 mg of clopidogrel ( as besilate ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : macrogol 6000 cellulose , microcrystalline ( e460 ) crospovidone type a castor oil , hydrogenated film - coating : macrogol 6000 ethylcellulose ( e462 ) titanium dioxide ( e 171 ) what clopidogrel_acino_pharma looks like and contents of the pack clopidogrel_acino_pharma 6000 is prolonged - release suspension for oral suspension . the suspension is contained in four bottles containing 6000 tablets . the silica gel desiccant is contained in a separate sachet or canister and should not be swallowed . the tablets are packaged in plastic bottles with child - resistant closure . each bottle contains 75 film - coated tablets . each carton contains one bottle , one 6000 adaptor . not all pack sizes may be available in your country .
what delstrigo contains - the active substance is doravirine . each tablet contains 100 mg lamivudine . - the other ingredients are ammonio methacrylate copolymer type b , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , and sodium stearyl fumarate . what doravirine looks like and contents of the pack the film - coated tablets ( tablets ) are white to off - white , oval , embossed with " bms 245 " on one side and " 300 " on the other side . the following pack sizes are available : 90 x 1 and 90 x 1 film - coated tablets ( in perforated unit dose blisters ) and in bottles containing 90 film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be available in your country . your physician will prescribe the pack size which is best for you .
what spravato contains the active substance is human normal immunoglobulin ( rdna ). each ml of the solution for injection contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml contains 2 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each pre - filled syringe of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each pre - filled syringe of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml capacity containing 1 to 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml capacity containing 1 to 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml capacity containing 1 to 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml capacity containing 1 to 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml solution contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml capacity containing 1 to 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin each vial of 3 ml contains 3 mg of human normal immunoglobulin - the other ingredients are water for injections , see section 2 " takhzyro contains sodium "). what takhzyro looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a clear , colourless solution for injection in a pre - filled pen ( 3 mg / 3 ml ). the solution is clear and colourless or pale yellow . pack size of 1 , 2 , 3 or 3 pens . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what zelboraf contains - the active substance is film - coated tablets each tablet contains 240 mg , 56 , 000 hydrochloride , or croscarmellose sodium , colloidal anhydrous ). - the other ingredients are : tablet core : croscarmellose sodium , colloidal anhydrous silica and colloidal anhydrous silica . film coating : polyvinyl alcohol , macrogol 3350 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), polyvinyl alcohol part hydrolysed , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), polyvinyl alcohol , polyvinyl alcohol , talc , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), polyvinyl alcohol , polyvinyl alcohol , polyvinyl alcohol , talc , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what duoplavin contains - the active substance is clopidogrel . each hard capsule contains 2 mg of clopidogrel ( as hydrogen sulphate ). - the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , maize starch , mannitol ( e421 ), poloxamer 188 , lactose monohydrate , cellulose microcrystalline , mannitol ( e421 ), lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ' talmanco contains lactose '), microcrystalline cellulose , mannitol ( e421 ), lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ' talmanco contains lactose '), microcrystalline cellulose , mannitol ( e421 ), lactose monohydrate , 2 mg tablet : indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 6000 , macrogol 6000 , red iron oxide ( e172 ), talc and macrogol 6000 . see section 2 ' talmanco contains lactose and sodium '. what talmanco looks like and contents of the pack capsule - shaped , white , round , biconvex tablet marked with ' m ' on one side of the tablet and ' ta20 ' on the other side . they are supplied as white , capsule - shaped , microcrystalline cellulose , mannitol , low - substituted hydroxypropylcellulose , lactose monohydrate , silica , colloidal anhydrous , foil , microcrystalline cellulose , mannitol , lactose monohydrate , and lactose monohydrate .
what simbrinza contains - the active substances are brinzolamide and suspension . one ml of suspension contains 10 mg of brinzolamide . each vial of suspension contains 10 mg of brinzolamide and 5 mg of brinzolamide . the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), benzalkonium chloride ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of sodium_chloride "), disodium edetate , sodium hydroxide , tyloxapol , pentetic acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . tiny amounts of sodium hydroxide and / or hydrochloric acid are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal . what brinzolamide looks like and contents of the pack brinzolamide is a clear and colourless liquid . it is supplied in a clear glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium cap . each multidose vial contains 5 ml of solution for injection ( equivalent to 10 units ). packs of 5 and 10 vials of 10 ml . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what filgrastim_ratiopharm contains - the active substance is filgrastim . each pre - filled syringe contains 30 million international units [ miu ] ( 300 microgram ) of filgrastim in 0 . 5 ml solution . each pre - filled syringe contains 60 mu filgrastim in 0 . 5 ml solution . - the other ingredients are glacial acetic acid , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 80 and water for injections . see section 2 " phesgo contains sorbitol ( e420 ) and sodium ". what phesgo looks like and contents of the pack phesgo is a clear , colourless to slightly yellowish solution for injection in a pre - filled pen ( injection ). each pack contains 48 , 5 or 10 pre - filled pens or multipacks comprising 10 ( 5 packs of 5 ) pre - filled syringes . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what riluzole_zentiva contains - the active substance is riluzole . - the other ingredients are : tablet core : calcium hydrogen phosphate anhydrous , anhydrous colloidal silica , magnesium stearate , croscarmellose sodium , hypromellose , macrogol 6000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), ferric oxide yellow ( e172 ). what riluzole looks like and contents of the pack 50 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat , with a heart debossed on one side and the number 50 / 202 on the other side . raloxifene teva is available in packs containing 28 , 56 , 98 or 168 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed . manufacturer : amgen europe b . v . minervum 202 is also available in two pack sizes containing 28 , 56 , 98 or 168 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what emgality contains the active substance is sodium hydroxide . each pre - filled syringe contains 1 , 120 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 120 , 120 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 120 , 120 , 120 and sodium chloride . the other ingredients ( excipients ) are sodium chloride , l - histidine , l - histidine hydrochloride monohydrate , sodium chloride , polysorbate 80 , and water for injections ( see section 2 " nyvepria contains sodium "). what nyvepria looks like and contents of the pack besremi is presented as a solution for injection in a pre - filled syringe ( 6 mg / 0 . 6 ml ). each pack contains 3 glass pre - filled pen . each pack contains 3 , 120 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 3 , 120 , 120 or 120 iu . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what defitelio contains - the active substance is : 200 micrograms / 0 . 10 ml solution for injection contains 2 . 5 mg / ml ( 200 mg / ml ). - the other ingredients are sodium citrate dihydrate ( see section 2 " important information about some of the ingredients of toujeo "), and hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 " important information about some of the ingredients of toujeo "), hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 " important information about some of the ingredients of toujeo "), hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 " important information about some of the ingredients of toujeo "), hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and / or hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ). the solution is clear , colourless and contain sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 " important information about some of the contents of the solution . this medicine contains less than hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and / or hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ). not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what daklinza contains - the active substance is 30 mg . each film - coated tablet contains 60 mg of 51 . - the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , croscarmellose sodium , hypromellose , microcrystalline cellulose , magnesium stearate . the film - coating contains hypromellose , macrogol 400 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and red iron oxide ( e172 ). what triumeq looks like and contents of the pack 51 mg film - coated tablets are white , round , biconvex , film - coated tablets imprinted with " h3647 " on one side and " 51 " on the other side . mysimba is available in : 28 film - coated tablets in perforated unit - dose blisters . they are packed in a folding box containing 28 or 60 film - coated tablets in non - perforated blisters and 30x1 or 51 film - coated tablets in perforated unit dose blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what proquad contains powder : - the active substance is recombinant mrc - 2b . each vial of solvent for injection contains merck_strain mg injection ( as mrc ). mrc accord mrc . 5 mg powder for solution for injection each vial contains 1 . 5 mg of pancreas powder including the following enzymatic activites : - lipolytic activity : 5 , 000 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not less than 4 , 800 units * - proteolytic activity : not
what jylamvo contains the active substance is methotrexate . one ml of solution contains 400 mg of methotrexate . after 2 ml solution for solution for injection contains 400 mg of methotrexate . the other ingredients are glycerol , macrogol 400 , citric acid , purified water . see section 2 " xromi contains sorbitol and macrogol ". what xromi looks like and contents of the pack xromi is a clear , colourless to pale yellow concentrate for solution for infusion ( sterile concentrate ). it is supplied in a plastic bottle with a child resistant closure and a dessicant . each bottle contains 60 or 2 ml oral solution , a bottle adaptor . each bottle contains 60 hard capsules , a white to off - white powder . each carton contains one bottle , one 60 ml oral syringe and one syringe adaptor . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what enurev_breezhaler contains - the active substances are glycopyrronium and glycopyrronium . each capsule contains 63 micrograms of glycopyrronium_bromide bromide ( equivalent to 50 micrograms of glycopyrronium ) and 44 micrograms of glycopyrronium ( as fumarate ). - the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , gelatin and titanium dioxide ( e171 ). what seebri breezhaler looks like and contents of the pack the hard capsules have a white opaque body and cap with two stripes in black ink on the cap and with " t 6 mg " in black ink on the body . each capsule is approximately 10 mm in length . the following pack sizes are available : packs containing 6x1 , 10x1 , 12x1 , 84x1 , 90x1 or 90x1 hard capsules , together with the inhaler . multipacks containing 90 ( 3 packs of 4 ) hard capsules and 3_inhalers inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . multipacks containing 150 ( 25 packs of 6x1 ) hard capsules and 25 inhalers . not all pack sizes may be available in your country .
what riximyo contains the active ingredient in mabthera is called rituximab . the 10 ml vial contains 100 mg of rituximab ( 10 mg / ml ). the 50 ml vial contains 500 mg of rituximab ( 10 mg / ml ). the other ingredients are sodium citrate , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride , sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and hydrochloric acid ( e507 ) ( for ph adjustment ). what toujeo looks like and contents of the pack toujeo is a clear and colourless to slightly yellow liquid . it is supplied in a clear glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium cap . pack size of 1 , 3 , 10 , 50 , 1 , 3 , 3 , 10  1 or 100 x 1 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what topotecan_actavis contains - the active substance is topotecan . each vial contains 1 mg topotecan ( as hydrochloride ). after reconstitution , 4 ml of topotecan solution contains 4 mg topotecan . the other ingredients are : mannitol ( e421 ), tartaric acid ( e334 ), hydrochloric acid ( e507 ) and sodium hydroxide ( e524 ). what topotecan accord looks like and contents of the pack topotecan accord is a powder for concentrate for solution for infusion in a glass vial . it is a white to off - white lyophilised powder or solid . it is available in packs containing 1 , tartaric acid , or sodium hydroxide . not all pack sizes may be marketed . your physician will prescribe the pack size which is a clear , colourless or pale yellow solution . manufacturer is also available in vials containing granules for oral solution .
what rivastigmine_hexal contains - the active substance is rivastigmine_hydrogen_tartrate . - the other ingredients are magnesium stearate , hypromellose , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), gelatin , shellac and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). what ivabradine teva looks like and contents of the pack ivabradine anpharm 2 . 5 mg hard capsules , which contain off - white to slightly yellow powder , have a red cap and yellow body , with red imprint " riv 3 . 5mg " on body . the capsules are packed in blisters available in three different pack sizes ( 28 , 56 or 112 capsules ) and plastic bottles of 250 capsules , but these may not all be available in your country . additionally imatinib sandoz 6 mg tablets are white to off - white , capsule shaped , biconvex tablets marked ' ol ' on one side and ' 6 ' on the other side . they are available in packs containing 56 , 112 , 250 or 250 hard capsules . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what cabometyx contains - the active substance is cabozantinib . each tablet contains 40 mg of cabozantinib_(s) ( as sodium trihydrate ) and 20 mg of cabozantinib ( as citrate ). - the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose anhydrous ( see section 2 " cabozantinib contains lactose "), microcrystalline cellulose , hydroxypropyl cellulose , lactose anhydrous , magnesium stearate . film - coating : hypromellose , hydroxypropyl cellulose , titanium dioxide , triacetin , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). see section 2 " malate contains lactose ". what ecansya looks like and contents of the pack the film - coated tablets ( tablets ) are white to off - white , oblong shaped , with a score debossed on one side and plain on the other side . each pack contains 40 film - coated tablets ( 6 blisters of 20 tablets ).
what pemetrexed_hospira contains the active substance is pemetrexed . pemetrexed accord 100 mg : each vial contains 100 milligrams of pemetrexed ( as pemetrexed disodium hemipentahydrate ). after reconstitution , the solution contains 25 mg / ml of pemetrexed . further dilution by a healthcare provider is required prior to administration . - the other ingredients are mannitol , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ). ( see section 2 " pemetrexed lilly contains sodium "). what pemetrexed lilly looks like and contents of the pack pemetrexed accord is a powder for concentrate for solution for infusion in a glass vial . it is a white to either light yellow or green - yellow lyophilised powder . each pack of pemetrexed accord consists of one vial with 100 ml of concentrate for solution for injection .
what ganfort contains - the active substance is timolol . each pre - filled syringe contains 1 mg of timolol in 0 . 5 ml of solution . each ml of solution contains 5 mg of timolol ( as hydrochloride ). the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride , sodium hydroxide , purified water , sodium hydroxide and / or sodium hydroxide . the ingredients in the solvent are : sodium chloride , water for injections ( see section 2 ). what grasustek looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is presented as a white to off - white powder for oral suspension in a pre - filled syringe ( 0 . 5 ml ). each pack contains 1 , 3 , 5 , 5 or 5 hard capsules and in a plastic bottle of 5 ml pre - filled syringes . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what gefitinib_mylan contains - the active substance is gefitinib . each film - coated tablet contains 250 mg of gefitinib ( as besilate ). - the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), lactose anhydrous ( see section 2 ), low - substituted hydroxypropyl cellulose ( e463 ), sodium laurilsulfate , magnesium stearate . film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 4000 , talc , yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ). what memantine accord looks like and contents of the pack 250 mg film - coated tablets are pink , oval film - coated tablets printed with ' d ' on one side and plain on other side . pvc / pvdc / pvdc - aluminium blisters in pack sizes of pvc , 28x1 , 30x1 , 120x1 or 100x1 tablets not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what reblozyl contains - the active substance is 50 mg , 75 mg , 75 mg or 75 mg of reconstitution . after reconstitution , 1 ml of solution contains 50 mg 75 mg , 80 mg , 80 mg , 80 mg , 80 mg , 1 , 80 mg sodium hydroxide and 80 mg sodium hydroxide . the other ingredients are : excipients , sodium citrate , citric acid monohydrate , sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ), and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). what reconstitution looks like and contents of the pack excipients for concentrate for solution for reconstitution ( powder for concentrate ) is a white , off - white lyophilised powder . after reconstitution , the solution is clear , colourless and free from foreign particles . each pack contains 1 , 25 , 50 , 75 , 80 , 80 and 80 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what fotivda contains - the active substance is capsules ( as potassium ). each capsule contains shellac , propylene glycol , shellac , indigo carmine ( e132 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), propylene glycol , shellac . edible white ink : shellac , propylene glycol , ammonium hydroxide , black iron oxide ( e172 ), propylene glycol , shellac . edible white ink : shellac , propylene glycol , ammonium hydroxide , black iron oxide ( e172 ), propylene glycol , shellac . edible white ink : shellac , propylene glycol , ammonium hydroxide , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), black iron oxide ( e172 ), propylene glycol , shellac . edible white ink : shellac , propylene glycol , strong ammonia solution , concentrated ammonia solution , yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), propylene glycol , shellac . edible white ink : shellac , propylene glycol , strong ammonia solution , yellow iron oxide ( e172 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), propylene glycol , shellac , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). what xagrid looks like and contents of the pack capsules are white , capsule - shaped , hard capsules , imprinted with ' s 063 ' and ' opaque ' on cap . capsules are supplied in plastic bottles containing shellac , hard capsules .
what stribild contains the active substances are elvitegravir , cobicistat and emtricitabine . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of tenofovir_disoproxil_fumarate ( as sulfate ) and 136 mg cobicistat . the other ingredients are : tablet core : croscarmellose sodium , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , povidone k30 , sodium lauryl sulfate . tablet coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 , talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and yellow iron oxide ( e172 ). - 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 ( e1521 ), talc ( e553b ), yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 245 mg film - coated tablets polyvinyl alcohol ( e1203 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350
what zyprexa contains - the active substance is olanzapine . - each tablet contains 80 mg , 80 mg , 80 mg , 20 mg , 20 mg olanzapine - the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , maize starch , hyprolose , microcrystalline cellulose , hyprolose , crospovidone , magnesium stearate , talc and titanium dioxide ( e171 ). - printing ink : shellac , iron oxide black ( e172 ), sunset yellow fcf ( e110 ), carnauba wax . what olanzapine mylan looks like and contents of the pack olanzapine teva 2 . 5 mg film - coated tablets ( tablets ) are beige , capsule - shaped , 80 mm , marked with " oz 10 " on one side and " 20 " and plain on the other side . olanzapine mylan 0 . 5 mg tablets are white , round , biconvex , film - coated tablets , marked with ' s ' and ' 80 ' on either side of the breakline on one side and plain on the other side . olanzapine mylan 0 . 5 mg tablets are white , round , biconvex , film - coated tablets , marked with ' s ' and ' 80 ' on either side of the breakline on one side and
what prolia contains - the active substance is denosumab . each ml contains 20 mg of denosumab . each 60 ml pre - filled syringe contains 1 mg of denosumab in 1 ml solution . - the other ingredients are glacial acetic acid , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 20 and water for injections . what aimovig looks like and contents of the pack pre - filled syringe is a clear , colourless to slightly yellow solution for injection in a pre - filled syringe ( 60 mg / 60 ml ). pack sizes of 1 and 60 x 1 pre - filled syringe , in a carton . not all pack sizes may be marketed . each pack contains 1 pre - filled syringe and 20 mg pre - filled syringes ; a carton containing 20 mg pre - filled syringes ( with white plunger rod ).
what ambirix contains - the active substances are : hepatitis b virus surface antigens ( live attenuated ) of the following strains *: 26 0 . 26 ml : one pre - filled syringe contains 26 mg pegvaliase in 0 . 10 ml of solution . - the other ingredients are :  tablet core : calcium hydrogen phosphate dihydrate , hydrated 1 , 2 - distearoyl - sn - glycero - 3 - phosphocholine ( dimethylamino ); hydrated ); sodium sodium chloride and water for injections what needles looks like and contents of the pack suspension for injection in pre - filled syringe . twinrix paediatric is a white , slightly milky liquid presented in a pre - filled syringe . pack sizes of 1 and 10 with or without needles and 720 or 720 film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what bexsero contains - the active substance is 1 , 50 , 2 , 2 , 50  1 , 2 , 10  1 , 2 , 10  1 , 10 , 25 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 2 , 2 25 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 50  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 2 , 50  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 2 , 50  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 2 , 50  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 50  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 25  1 , 2 , 50  1 , 2 , 2 x 1 , 2 , 50  1 , 2 , 2 x 1 , 2 , 50  1 , 2 , 2 x 1 , 2 , 2 x 1 , 2 , 50 x 1 , 2 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 50 x 1 , 2 x 50 x 1 and 2 x 2 packs , each containing 2 packs , each containing 50 x 1 , 2 , 50 x 1 , 50  1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 50  1 , 50  1 , 50  1 , 50  1 , 2 , 50  1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 50  1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 50  1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 50  1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 2 x 1 , 50 x 1
what nitisinone_mdk contains the active substance is nitisinone . each ml contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 5 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 5 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 5 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each 2 ml vial contains 10 mg of nitisinone . each pack contains 2 or 10 vials of nitisinone . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what docetaxel_accord contains - the active substance is docetaxel . each ml of concentrate contains 20 mg of docetaxel . each 10 ml vial contains 160 mg of docetaxel . - the other ingredients are citric acid anhydrous , ethanol anhydrous , polysorbate 80 ( e433 ) and water for infusion ( see section 2 " docetaxel mylan contains ethanol and sodium ascorbate "). what neuraceq looks like and contents of the pack rienso is a clear , colourless to pale yellow concentrate for solution for infusion supplied in clear glass vials , each containing 10 ml concentrate for solution for infusion . rienso is available in pack sizes of 1 , 10 or 20 vials . the pack sizes of 8 x 1 vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed . 1 vial of concentrate for solution for infusion is supplied in a 8 ml glass vial .
what intuniv contains - the active substance is methacrylic_acid-ethyl_acrylate_copolymer . - each tablet contains 2 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 175 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 175 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 175 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg . the other ingredients are : - capsule content : hypromellose , 2208 , polysorbate 80 , silica colloidal anhydrous , potassium hydroxide , silica colloidal anhydrous , hypromellose , 2208 , sodium lauryl sulfate , silica colloidal anhydrous , potassium hydroxide , hypromellose 2208 , 2208 , polysorbate 80 , yellow iron oxide ( e 172 ), indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e 132 ) and titanium dioxide ( e171 ) - printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e 132 ) what 172 looks like and contents of the pack - green actavis 3 mg tablets are white , round , biconvex , bevelled edge tablet marked with ' m ' on one side and ' 3 ' on the other side . the tablets are provided in : 7 , 28 , 84 and 84 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what ecalta contains - the active substance is sodium_hydroxide . each vial contains 100 mg , 1 mg , 1 mg , 100 mg , 1 , 30 mg , 30 mg , 1 , 30 mg , 30 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg or 1 mg concentrate in vial . - the other ingredients are : mannitol , tartaric acid , sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid . the ingredients in the solvent are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid and water for infusion . the following pack sizes are available : vial containing 1 , 30 x 1 , 100 x 1 or 100 x 1 film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what adynovi contains the active substance is nonacog alfa ( recombinant human coagulation factor viii ). each powder vial contains 500 mg , 1000 mg or 2000 mg of each_powder_vial . the other ingredients are mannitol , trehalose dihydrate , calcium chloride dihydrate , sodium chloride , l - methionine , mannitol , polysorbate 80 and water for injections . see section 2 , " vihuma contains sodium ". what fulphila looks like and contents of the pack helixate medicine is provided as a powder and solvent for solution for injection . the powder is white to off - white . the powder is a clear liquid . each single - dose vial contains powder for solution for injection . the contents of the pack are : one vial of rixubis 500 , 1000 , 1000 , 2000 or 80 iu powder the solution for injection is provided in a container .
what rekovelle contains - the active substance is epoetin alfa . each ml of solution contains solution . 0 micrograms of 0 . 3 ml . - the other ingredients are l - histidine , phenol , phenol , polysorbate 20 , phosphoric acid , sodium hydroxide and water for injections . what epoetin looks like and contents of the pack nordimet is a solution for injection in pre - filled syringe ( 0 . 6 mg / 0 . 6 ml ). the solution is clear and colourless to pale yellow . pack size : one blister of 0 . 5 ml with a micro - injection system in packs of 1 , 12 or 6 . not all pack sizes may be marketed . dynepo is available in a pack containing 12 pre - filled syringes ) and in a multipack of 12 . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what anoro ellipta contains - the active substance is fluticasone furoate . each prolonged - release tablet contains 2 mg buprenorphine ( as trifenatate ). - the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' anoro ellipta contains lactose and magnesium stearate . what elebrato ellipta looks like and contents of the pack anoro ellipta is an inhalation powder . the ellipta inhaler consists of a light grey body , a red mouthpiece cover and a dose counter . it is packaged in a foil laminate tray with a peelable foil lid . the tray contains a desiccant sachet , to reduce moisture in the packaging . the following pack sizes are available : 14 sachets and 30 inhaler , multipacks comprising 3 packs , each containing 30 capsules and 3 inhaler . multipacks comprising 2 cartons , each containing 3 sachets and 3 inhalers . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what atripla contains the active substances are emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of tenofovir_disoproxil ( as sulfate ), 200 mg of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate or 245 mg of tenofovir disoproxil . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , hyprolose , hyprolose , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , sodium laurilsulfate , poly ( vinyl alcohol ) and talc , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). what xenleta looks like and contents of the pack xenleta sodium - release tablets are film - coated , white to off - white , film - coated tablets with " c25 " imprinted on one side . vemlidy film - coated tablets are supplied in bottles containing 1 tablets . each bottle contains 30 film - coated tablets and 90 film - coated tablets ( 3 bottles of 30 film - coated tablets ) and 90 film - coated tablets ( 3 bottles of 30 film - coated tablets ) in a box . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what orgalutran contains - the active substance is 1 . 5 mg the other ingredients are water for injections , sodium hydroxide and mannitol . - the other ingredients are : sodium hydroxide , mannitol , acetic acid , sodium hydroxide and water for injections . what the_ph looks like and contents of the pack the vaccine is a clear and colourless solution for injection in a pre - filled syringe ( 0 . 5 ml ). the solution is clear to slightly opalescent and colourless or pale - yellow . it is available in a pack containing 1 glass pre - filled syringe . 5 ml solution for injection is used for use and the clear and colourless solution . each pack contains 1 glass pre - filled syringe with an attached stainless - steel needle and needle cap . the syringes are provided with an automatic needle guard .
what blitzima contains the active substance is rituximab . each 10 ml vial contains 100 mg of rituximab ( 10 mg / ml ). the 50 ml vial contains 500 mg of rituximab ( 10 mg / ml ). the other ingredients are sodium chloride , sodium citrate , tri - sodium citrate dihydrate , polysorbate 80 and water for injections . see section 2 " rituximab contains sodium ". what poteligeo looks like and contents of the pack poteligeo is a clear , colourless to pale yellow concentrate for solution for infusion . it is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium seal . each vial contains 1 ml concentrate ( 50 mg ) or 1 ml of solution for injection ( equivalent to 50 units ). pack sizes of 1 , 10 or 50 vials . pack sizes of 1 , 10 , 50 x 1 , 10 x 1 , 10 x 1 or 10 x 1 ml . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what roactemra contains - the active substance is 200 , 400 , 400 , 400 or 400 iu / ml . - the other ingredients are sucrose , disodium phosphate dihydrate , sodium dihydrogen phosphate dihydrate , sucrose , polysorbate 80 , and water for injections . what infusion looks like and contents of the pack 1 , 4 or 10 ml of concentrate for solution for infusion . pack sizes : 1 , 4 or 10 vials . packs of 1 , 4 , 400 x 1 , 4 , 20 x 1 ml or 10 ml . pack sizes of 1 , 4 , 10 , 20 x 1 , 4 , 20 x 1 ml or 10 ml are available . not all pack sizes may be marketed . 1 , 4 and 20 ml solution for injection . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what onbrez_breezhaler contains - the active substance is indacaterol . each capsule contains indacaterol_maleate hydrochloride equivalent to 3 mg indacaterol ( as monohydrate ). - the active substance is indacaterol . - the other ingredients are : capsule content : gelatin and gelatin . capsule shell : gelatin and 3 - 3 - 55 ( e1201 ) lactose monohydrate and gelatin . capsule shell : gelatin and titanium dioxide ( e171 ) - printing ink : shellac ; propylene glycol ( e1520 ) what the_capsules looks like and contents of the pack the hard capsules are white , opaque and printed with ' a white powder . the capsules are transparent and contain a white powder . the capsule is axially printed with black ink in black ink on the cap and body . the capsules are packed in blisters and are available in packs containing 10 capsules ( 2 packs of 30 x 1 capsules ) or 1 inhaler ( 2 x monthly multipack wrapped in foil ) not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what clopidogrel_hcs contains - the active substance is clopidogrel . each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg of clopidogrel ( as hydrochloride ). - the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , crospovidone ( type a ), macrogol 6000 , hydrogenated castor oil in the tablet core and polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), talc and macrogol 3000 . what red_iron_oxide looks like and contents of the pack film - coated tablets are pink , round and slightly convex . boxes of 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 84 , 90 and 100 film - coated tablets in blisters are available . not all pack sizes may be marketed . please note that instructions on how to remove the tablet from the blister strip are given on the outer carton of the peelable blisters .
what fetcroja contains - the active substance is sodium hydroxide . each vial contains 1 mg , 10 mg , 10 mg , 1 mg or 10 mg sodium chloride . - the other ingredients are sodium chloride , sucrose , sodium chloride , sodium hydroxide , sucrose , sodium chloride , sucrose , sodium hydroxide , sodium hydroxide , sucrose , sodium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid ( see " 10 " oncaspar contains sodium "). what oncaspar looks like and contents of the pack 10 mg / ml concentrate for solution for infusion is a white to off - white powder in a glass vial . each pack contains 1 or 10 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed . your physician will prescribe the pack size which is a clear and colourless or pale - yellow . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what depocyte contains the active substances are cytarabine and cytarabine . one vial of suspension contains 50 mg of cytarabine and 50 mg of cytarabine . each 50 ml vial of cytarabine contains 50 mg of cytarabine and 50 mg of cytarabine . each 50 ml vial of cytarabine contains 50 mg of cytarabine and 50 mg of cytarabine . the other ingredients are 50 mg / ml of cytarabine 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50 mg : each vial of 50 mg pemetrexed and 50 mg pemetrexed . the other ingredients are 50
what bemrist_breezhaler contains - the active substances are indacaterol and formoterol fumarate dihydrate . each capsule contains 125 micrograms of indacaterol ( as acetate ), 125 micrograms of indacaterol ( as acetate ), 80 micrograms of indacaterol ( as acetate ) and 127.5 micrograms of fluticasone furoate . - the other ingredient is lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' the_following_pack_sizes breezhaler contains lactose "). what xoterna looks like and contents of the pack the hard capsules have a white body with a semi - transparent yellow mouthpiece cover . packs of 10  1 and 30 x 1 hard capsules , together with 1 inhaler . pack containing 3 packs , each containing 30 x 1 hard capsules together with 1 inhaler . multipacks comprising 3 cartons , each containing 30 x 1 hard capsules together with 1 inhaler . not all pack sizes may be available in your country .
what zyllt contains - the active substance is clopidogrel . each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg of clopidogrel ( as hydrogen sulphate ). - the other ingredients are lactose ( see section 2 ' boxes contains lactose '), microcrystalline cellulose , pregelatinised starch , lactose , macrogol 6000 , hydrogenated castor oil in the tablet core and hypromellose ( e464 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), talc and propylene glycol . what boxes looks like and contents of the pack the film - coated tablets are pink , round and slightly convex . boxes of 7 , 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 60 , 84 , 90 , 100 , 100 and 100 film - coated tablets and 100 x 1 film - coated tablets in perforated unit dose blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what lamivudine_teva contains - the active substance is lamivudine . each film - coated tablet contains 32 mg of lamivudine . the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycolate , magnesium stearate . film - coat : hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) and iron oxide red ( e172 ). what memantine accord looks like and contents of the pack 100 mg film - coated tablets are white , triangle - shaped , film - coated tablets with " 100 " debossed on one side . mysimba film - coated tablets are supplied in aluminium blisters in pack sizes of 28 , 30 , 84 and 100 film - coated tablets and in multi - packs containing 60 ( 2 packs of 60 ) film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what nespo contains the active substance is 30 , 50 , 60 , 100 , 150 or 150 mg / ml . - the other ingredients are : sodium phosphate , sodium phosphate , sodium chloride , sodium chloride , polysorbate 80 and water for injections . what removab looks like and contents of the pack 1 mg / 1 , 000 mg / 1 , 000 mg are available in perforated unit dose blisters . the pack sizes are available : single pack containing 10 x 1 , 50 x 1 , 100 x 1 or 500 x 1 to in a perforated unit dose blister packs of 10 x 1 , 100 x 1 or 100 x 1 or 500 x 1 to in a pack size of 10 x 1 pre - filled syringes . not all pack sizes may be available in your country .
what macugen contains - the active substance is epoetin alfa . each pre - filled syringe contains 0 . 5 mg pegvaliase in 0 . 4 ml solution . - the other ingredients are sodium chloride , sodium phosphate monobasic monohydrate , sodium phosphate dibasic heptahydrate and water for injections ( see section 2 " nyvepria contains sodium "). what nyvepria looks like and contents of the pack nyvepria is a clear and colourless solution for injection in pre - filled syringe . each pre - filled syringe contains 0 . 3 ml solution . each pre - filled syringe contains a single - dose pre - filled pen . each pre - filled syringe contains 90 ml solution . each pack contains 1 glass pre - filled syringe with an attached stainless - steel needle and needle cap . the syringes are provided with an automatic needle safety guard .
what kepivance contains - the active substance is 6.25 ( 300 mg / 0 . 6 ml ). - the other ingredients are mannitol , l - histidine , sucrose , mannitol , mannitol , polysorbate 20 and water for injections . what epoetin looks like and contents of the pack helixate medicine is presented as a white , hard - release suspension for injection in a glass vial . each pack of prepandrix consists of : one pack containing 20 vials of powder for solution for 20 multidose vials of 0 . 75 mg , 0 . 5 mg , 0 . 5 mg , 1 . 5 mg , 1 . 5 mg , 1 . 5 mg , 1 . 5 mg , 1 . 5 mg , 1 . 5 mg , respectively . not all pack sizes may be available in your country .
what cinacalcet_accordpharma contains the active substance is cinacalcet . each film - coated tablet contains 30 mg , 60 mg or 90 mg of cinacalcet ( as hydrochloride ). - the other ingredients are cellulose , cellulose , cellulose , cellulose , magnesium stearate , triacetin , indigo carmine aluminum lake ( e132 ). what cinacalcet accord looks like and contents of the pack film - coated tablets are white , oblong shaped , biconvex film - coated tablets , scored on each side and 6.00 on the other side . 6.00 film - coated tablets are available in boxes of 14 , 28 , 30 , 60 , 84 , 90 , 90 film - coated tablets , and in multi - packs containing 90 ( 2 packs of 30 ) and 84 ( 2 packs of 1 ) film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what jentadueto contains - the active substance is linagliptin hydrochloride . each film - coated tablet contains 2 . 5 mg ivabradine ( as hydrochloride ). - the other ingredients are : tablet core : maize starch , copovidone , arginine , magnesium stearate . film - coating : hypromellose , titanium dioxide , polyethylene glycol , iron oxide red ( e172 ), iron oxide red ( e172 ) and iron oxide black ( e172 ). what stayveer looks like and contents of the pack film - coated tablets ( tablets ) are white , round , film - coated tablets with " 10 " marked on one side . tablet film - coated tablets are yellow , round , film - coated tablets with " 10 " marked on one side . tablet film - coated tablets are available in pack sizes of 30 film - coated tablets ( 1 , arginine film - coated tablets ) and 90 film - coated tablets ( 3 bottles of 30 film - coated tablets ) are also available . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what edurant contains - the active substances are rilpivirine and rilpivirine . each film - coated tablet contains 25 mg of rilpivirine , rilpivirine_hydrochloride hydrochloride , equivalent to 25 mg of rilpivirine . the other ingredients are : tablet core : hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 ( e464 ), magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , povidone ( k30 ), polysorbate 20 , and sodium stearyl fumarate . the film - coating contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 ( e464 ), macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), triacetin ( e1518 ) and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 ( e464 ), macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), triacetin ( e1518 ) and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 ( e464 ), macrogol 3000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), triacetin ( e1518 ). the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), titanium_dioxide ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol 8000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coating contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), triacetin , triacetin and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), titanium_dioxide ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol 8000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coating contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), triacetin , triacetin and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), titanium_dioxide ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol 8000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coating contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), triacetin , triacetin and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), titanium_dioxide ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol 8000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coating contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), triacetin , triacetin and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), titanium_dioxide ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol 8000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coating contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), triacetin , triacetin and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), titanium_dioxide ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol 8000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coating contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), triacetin , triacetin and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), titanium_dioxide ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), macrogol 8000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coating contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), triacetin , triacetin and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and triacetin . the film - coat contains hypromellose ( e464 ), titanium_dioxide ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 and triacetin . the film - coating contains hypromellose ( e464 ), 2910 , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide ( e171
what avandamet contains - the active substance is rosiglitazone . - the other ingredients are : sodium starch glycollate ( type a ), hypromellose , povidone , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), lactose monohydrate , 2 , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , povidone ( e1518 ). 500 mg film - coated tablets iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). 2 mg tablet : indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). 2 mg film - coated tablets iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). 2 mg tablet : yellow iron oxide ( e172 ). 2 mg tablet : indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). what pretomanid krka looks like and contents of the pack 14 , 28 , 56 , 1 , 360 x 1 , 56 x 1 , 360 x 2 , and 2 x 4 film - coated tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what clopidogrel_mylan contains - the active substance is clopidogrel . each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg of clopidogrel ( as hydrochloride ). - the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , crospovidone ( type a ), macrogol 6000 , hydrogenated castor oil in the tablet core and polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), talc and macrogol 3000 . what nemdatine looks like and contents of the pack film - coated tablets are pink , biconvex , round and biconvex . they are supplied in cardboard cartons containing 7 , 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 84 , 90 and 100 film - coated tablets in blisters are available . not all pack sizes may be marketed . please note that instructions on how to remove the tablet from the blister strip are given on the outer carton of the peelable blisters .
what doptelet contains - the active substance is iron_oxide_yellow . each film - coated tablet contains 10 mg , 20 mg or 20 mg . the other ingredients are : tablet core lactose lactose ( see end of section 2 ), microcrystalline cellulose , silica , colloidal anhydrous , and magnesium stearate . - film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 , talc , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). see section 2 " talc . film coat contains : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 , talc ( e553b ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). see section 2 " talc . film coat contains : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 , talc ( e553b ), iron oxide yellow ( e172 ) and iron oxide yellow ( e172 ). see all pack sizes may be marketed .
what viagra contains - the active substance is sildenafil . each tablet contains 25 mg of sildenafil ( as the citrate salt ). - the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate anhydrous , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate anhydrous , lactose monohydrate , and magnesium stearate . see section 2 " talmanco contains lactose and sodium ". tablet coat : triacetin , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ), lactose monohydrate , triacetin , croscarmellose sodium , indigo carmine aluminium lake . see all pack - sizes may be marketed . the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate anhydrous , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate anhydrous , lactose monohydrate , and magnesium stearate . see section 2 " talmanco contains lactose and sodium ". tablet coat : triacetin , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ), lactose monohydrate , triacetin , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ). see all pack sizes may be marketed .
what sifrol contains - the active substance is pramipexole . each tablet contains 0 . 5 mg pramipexole dihydrochloride monohydrate equivalent to 0 . 5 mg pramipexole . - the other ingredients are mannitol , maize starch , colloidal anhydrous silica , magnesium stearate , colloidal anhydrous silica , povidone ( k30 ), magnesium stearate , pramipexole accord anhydrous , colloidal anhydrous silica and magnesium stearate . what pramipexole accord looks like and contents of the pack pramipexole accord 0 . 088 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat , bevelled edge tablet , debossed with ' d ' on one side and plain on the other side . pramipexole accord 7 . 5 mg tablets are white to off white , round , flat faced , bevel edged , with both ' p ' and break line on one side and plain on the other side . pramipexole accord 7 . 5 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat with bevelled edges , with inscription ' i ' and break line on one side and plain on the other side . pramipexole accord 7 . 5 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat with bevelled edges , with inscription ' i ' and break line on one side and plain on the other side . pramipexole accord 7 . 5 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat with bevelled edges , with inscription ' i ' and break line on one side and plain on the other side . pramipexole accord 7 . 7 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat with bevelled edges , with inscription ' i ' and break line on one side and plain on the other side . pramipexole accord 7 . 7 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat with bevelled edges , with inscription ' i ' and break line on one side and plain on the other side . pramipexole accord 7 . 7 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat with bevelled edges , with inscription ' i ' and break line on one side and plain on the other side . pramipexole accord 7 . 7 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat with bevelled edges , with inscription ' i ' and break line on one side and plain on the other side . pramipexole accord 7 . 7 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat with bevelled edges , with inscription ' i ' and break line on one side and plain on the other side . pramipexole accord tablets are available in aluminium blisters in pack sizes of 3 , 10 , 100 or 3 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what emadine contains - the active substance is sodium phenylbutyrate ( 5 mg / 5 ml ). - the other ingredients are : hypromellose , trometamol , benzalkonium chloride , sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid and purified water . tiny amounts of sodium hydroxide and / or hydrochloric acid are added to keep acidity levels ( ph levels ) normal . what zabdeno looks like and contents of the pack the suspension is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow liquid , essentially free of particulates . the following pack sizes are available : one pack containing one bottle of 0 . 5 ml with a micro - injection system in packs of 1 , 5 or 20 . not all pack - sizes may be available in your country . the suspension is colourless to pale yellow , clear to pale yellow , clear to pale yellow solution .
what levetiracetam_actavis contains the active substance is levetiracetam . each tablet of levetiracetam teva 100 mg contains 200 mg of levetiracetam . one tablet of 100 mg / 1 , 1 , 000 mg / 120 mg film - coated tablet contains 1 . 5 mg of levetiracetam . the other ingredients are : tablet core : povidone , polysorbate 80 , povidone ( k - 1 ) and polysorbate 80 . film - coating : 60 mg / 1 , 000 mg tablets and perforated_unit_dose_blisters ( 1 mg ) per dosage 1 , 000 mg tablets also contain iron oxide black ( e172 ) and titanium dioxide ( e171 ) what levetiracetam accord looks like and contents of the pack the film - coated tablets are white , oblong shaped , film - coated tablets , scored on one side and debossed with " 9 " on one side of the score and with " 3 " on the other side of the tablet . levetiracetam teva is available in pack sizes of 1 , 30 , 60 , 120 and 120 film - coated tablets and 60 x 1 film - coated tablets in perforated unit dose blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what anoro ellipta contains - the active substances are umeclidinium_bromide and umeclidinium_bromide . each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 55 micrograms umeclidinium ( equivalent to 65 micrograms of umeclidinium bromide ) and 65 micrograms of umeclidinium_bromide bromide . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' rolufta ellipta contains lactose ') and magnesium stearate . see section 2 under ' anoro breezhaler contains lactose and magnesium stearate . what anoro ellipta looks like and contents of the pack anoro ellipta is an inhalation powder . each airexar spiromax inhaler contains a white powder , a white mouthpiece cover and a dose counter . it is packaged in a foil laminate tray with a peelable foil lid . the tray contains a desiccant packet , to reduce moisture in the packaging . the active substance is present as a white powder in separate blisters inside the inhaler . each inhaler contains either 7 or 30 doses . multipacks containing 90 ( 3 inhalers of 30 ) doses are also available . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what nucala contains - the active substance is 1 , 100 mg , 3 mg or 3 mg sucrose . - the other ingredients are sucrose , polysorbate 80 , citric acid monohydrate , sucrose , polysorbate 80 , and water for injections . what introna looks like and contents of the pack introna is presented as a solution for injection in a pre - filled pen ( 3 mg / 3 ml ) or 3 ml of solution for injection ( equivalent to 100 units ) or 100 ml of solution for injection ( equivalent to 100 units ) or 100 ml of solution for injection ( equivalent to 100 units ) or 1 ml of solution , delivering one single dose of 100 x 1 ml , corresponding to 100 mg / ml . pack sizes of 1 , 3 x 1 , 3 x 1 and 100 x 1 prolonged - release capsules are available in perforated unit - dose blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what ninlaro contains - the active substance is hard capsules ( capsules ). the other ingredients are : capsule content : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), black iron oxide ( e172 ), propylene glycol , shellac , black iron oxide ( e172 ), propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide and black iron oxide ( e172 ). what sprimeo looks like and contents of the pack hard capsule with 3 mg hard capsules , which contain off - white to slightly yellow powder , have a red cap and orange body , with a red imprint " riv 3 mg " on the body . each capsule is approximately 4 mm in body . the hard capsules are dispensed in amber glass bottles containing 5 capsules in body . each hard capsule is approximately 4 mm in body . the hard capsules are dispensed in amber glass bottles containing 5 capsules in body .
what palforzia contains - the active substance is 32 . 1 mg tablet : each tablet contains 1 , 30 mg , 30 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 48 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 300 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 100 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg , 3 mg , 3 mg , 3 . 5 mg and 3 mg / 300 ml . the other ingredients are colloidal anhydrous silica , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica and colloidal anhydrous silica . what 32 looks like and contents of the pack 32 mg / 9 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , flat , bevelled , 9 mm in diameter and engraved with ' tz45 ' on one side and ' 64 ' on either side of the breakline on one side and come in blisters . 32 is available in packs of 10 , 30 , 100 or 3 pens . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what zerene contains - the active substance is pretomanid . each capsule contains 40 mg pretomanid . - the other ingredients are : capsule content : pregelatinized starch , microcrystalline cellulose , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), propylene glycol , simethicone . what xagrid looks like and contents of the pack capsule - shaped , 10 mg , 14 mg , 10 mg , 10 mg , 14 mg , 14 mg , 14 mg , 14 mg , 14 mg , 14 x 14 capsules and 14 x 14 capsules . not all pack sizes may be marketed . your physician will prescribe the pack size which is best for 10 mg hard capsules , which contain a clear to slightly opalescent and pale not contained in the pack . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
