incivo is a medicine used to treat chronic hepatitis c infection in adults and adolescents aged 1865 years and older . it is used in combination with the medicines peginterferon alfa , ribavirin and telaprevir . these medicines are called ns3 - 4a protease inhibitors . if you are a n s3 or 4a protease inhibitor , you will be given a vaccine to help protect you against the hepatis - c virus . your doctor will prescribe this vaccine together with the combination peg interferon almond - free formulation ( ia ). if your doctor determines that you have a higher risk of developing resistance to the treatment , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . you have ever had or might now take any other medicines .
do not take incivo if you are allergic to telaprevir , peginterferon alfa or ribavirin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : - you are breast - feeding ( see pregnancy section ) - your doctor will monitor you closely while you are taking remdesivir ( a medicine used to treat an enlarged prostate ) or other medicines containing the active substances alfuzosin ( used to lower cholesterol levels in your blood ), or alpha - 1 - adrenoreceptor antagonists ( such as amiodarone , bepridil , quinidine ) ( used in the treatment of heart disorders , such as irregular heart beat ) and certain anti
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of incivo for adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older for chronic hepatitis c virus infection or human immunodeficiency virus infection is one tablet a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you based on your body surface area . the usual dose is 0 . 5 mg / m2 of your blood . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor if necessary . for children and adolescents ( 12 to less than 18 years ), the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 10 mg ( two tablets of 30 mg ) once daily . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . if your doctor determines that a higher or lower dose is needed , you should continue
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a rash ( itchy ) on the skin . a skin rash may be a sign of a severe rash . the rash is usually mild to moderate and usually disappear after a few days . severe skin reaction : contact your doctor or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital immediately , if there is a serious skin reaction after you have been given the medicine . you should stop taking the medicine and see your doctor as soon as possible . symptoms of rash include : fever , tiredness , swelling of the face with swelling , lymph glands or rash with peeling skin , peeling of the skin or eyes . other side effects are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people
what incivo contains - the active substance is telaprevir . each film - coated tablet in the tablet core contains 25 mg of tel apravir ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : hypromellose acetate succinate , calcium hydrogen phosphate ( anhydrous ), microcrystalline cellulose , silica colloidal anhydrously , sodium lauryl sulphate , croscarmellose sodium and sodium stearyl fumarate . film coating : polyvinyl alcohol , macrogol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), talc and iron oxide yellow . see section 2 under ' ivo contains sodium '. what ioku looks like and contents of the pack iku tablet is a white to off - white , oval shaped
zinbryta contains the active substance daclizumab beta , which is a monoclonal antibody . zinbyta belongs to a group of medicines called anti - inflammatory medicines . what zinbeta is used for zin beta has been prescribed by your doctor for the treatment of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) in adults . it is used to treat inflammation of the nerves that carry blood from the central nervous system to the brain and spinal cord . the loss of myelin ( demyelineation ) can lead to attacks or relapses of symptoms that affect your nerves , such as difficulty with walking , vision and balance . these symptoms usually disappear after a few days or weeks . when you have a lapse , your symptoms may get worse and you may require medical attention .
do not use zinbryta - if you have previously had an allergic reaction to daclizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : - you have severe liver problems while you are being treated with this medicine you have a history of autoimmune disorders or herbal supplements ( supplements that work in different ways to treat liver side effects ). you have had depression in the past you have an infection such as pneumonia , tuberculosis ( tb ) or a weakened immune system . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely during treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years of age because there is no experience with this group
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much zinbryta to use the recommended dose is one subcutaneous injection ( injection into the skin of your thigh , stomach or upper arm ). your doctor will tell you how many injections you need and how often you should use them . your doctor may change the dose , depending on how you respond to treatment . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents dosing in children under 18 years of age is not recommended in this age group . if your doctor decides to stop treatment , your child will receive a blood test to check that your liver is working normally . the recommended starting dose is 1 . 5 mg / m2 of body surface area given twice a week . this is followed by a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 4 months after the last dose of the medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : liver problems very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea ( feeling sick ) vomiting ( being sick ), stomach pain , tiredness , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), skin and eyes ( inflammation of the liver ), which may lead to death . if your liver is not working properly , it may take longer than usual for you to stop taking this medicine and you may require urgent medical attention . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop your treatment immediately . liver problems may affect up to
what zinbryta contains - the active substance is daclizumab beta . each ml of solution contains 100 mg of daclizuzumabeta . after reconstitution , each vial contains 10 mg of the active ingredient . the other ingredients are sodium succinate , succinic acid , sodium chloride , polysorbate 80 ( e433 ) and water for injections . see section 2 ' important information about some of the ingredients in this medicine ' for further information on the contents of the pack ' zinbyryte is a clear , colourless solution for injection in a pre - filled syringe ( 0 . 9 mmol / m2 ) solution . it is available in packs containing 1 , 2 , 4 or 6 pre  - sterilised solution 
wilzin is a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called metabolism products . it is used to treat patients with mild to moderate symptoms of the disease . this disease is caused by a defect in copper excretion in the liver , eyes and brain . the defect causes liver damage and neurological disorders in which the intestine does not work as well as it should . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to you because you do not have enough copper in your body .
do not use wilzin - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zinc or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : - you have been diagnosed with a condition causing a weakened immune system ( e . g . in children , adolescents and adults ), or a person who is currently being treated with an anti - copper agent called penicillamine . your doctor will monitor your blood and urine during treatment with this medicine to check that you have copper deficiency . children and adolescents do not give this medicine in children or adolescents under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not yet been established . other medicines and wilszin tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . this
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take wilzin with or without food . do not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to take . if necessary , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day , preferably at bedtime . this will help you remember to take it . how to take swallow the tablets whole with some water or other liquids . your doctor will tell you how long you should keep taking this medicine . it is important to keep following your doctor ' s instructions , even when you are feeling better . children and adolescents weighing 50 kg or more the recommended starting dose is 1 to 6 tablets per day
like all medicines , wilzin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increase in gastric irritation changes in blood tests increased levels of liver and pancreatic enzymes reporting of side effects 39 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicinal product .
what wilzin contains - the active substance is zinc . each film - coated tablet contains zinc acetate dihydrate equivalent to 25 mg of zinc ( equivalent to 50 mg / ml ). the other ingredients are : - core : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ' what you need to know before you take this medicine '), magnesium stearate - coating : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), brilliant blue fcf . - printing ink : shellac , indigo carmine aluminium lake , talc . what welse looks like and contents of the pack - a white to off - white , round , biconvex tablet , debossed with ' gsi ' on one side and plain on the other side . the
biktarvy is an antiretroviral medicine known as an integrase strand transfer inhibitor ( irti ) emtricitabine . it is used to treat a type of hiv infection called a ' nrtis - 2b '. it also contains the active substance ' human immunodeficiency virus ' ( hiv - 1 ) infection . your doctor has prescribed this medicine because you or your child has one of the following conditions : - a person with hiv ( aids ). this medicine reduces the amount of virus in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv in patients who have already been treated with another medicine .
do not take biktarvy : - if you are allergic to bictegravir , emtricitabine or tenofovir alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to rifampicin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections , including tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if : you have ever had or might now have another infection , or you think you may be at increased risk of getting tubercuosia . your doctor may prescribe a medicine called st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) which is a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . children and adolescents this medicine is not
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take biktarvy with or without food . do not take antacids to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or other acid reflux medicines such as aluminium , magnesium hydroxide , mineral supplements , vitamins , potassium , iron , or other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you may need to take your tablets at the same time each day , but this will only help you to remember to take them . your doctor will tell you how long you should keep taking this medicine . if your doctor tells you to stop , your doctor may tell you to take a lower dose . patients on dialysis the usual starting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you notice any signs of inflammation or infection . in people with hiv infection , it can be difficult to tell whether or not you are having infections , or whether you have a problem with your immune system ( inflammation ). infections are a common complication of hiv treatment . you may get infections more easily while you are taking this medicine than before . autoimmune disorders ( a condition in which the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) have been reported in some patients with a history of autoimmune disorder . these may occur many months after you start taking the medicine . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the possible side effects with you . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people
what emtricitabine sfl contains - the active substances are : - tenofovir alafenamide , bictegravir sodium . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg , 300 mg or 500 mg of a combination of two active substances , each containing 200 mg or 300 mg / ml of energyptin . - each tablet contains 270 mg or 280 mg avriociguat . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ), titanium dioxide , macrogol ( 6000 ), iron oxide yellow ( i ) and iron oxide black ( il ) ( see section
novonorm is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinide . it works by helping your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body is not able to use the insulin it produces . your doctor has prescribed this medicine because your diabetes cannot be controlled by exercise or weight reduction alone . if you are already taking other medicines for your diabetes , your doctor may prescribe this medicine together with metformin . this medicine is used to control blood sugar , to prevent complications from your diabetes and to reduce blood sugar to a normal level .
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to repaglinide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes . your acid level is raised ( diabetic ketoacidosis ). you have liver disease . you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used in the treatment of liver problems ). your doctor will monitor you for signs of liver disease before starting treatment . if your liver is not working properly , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely . liver disease you have severe kidney problems you have kidney problems or you are due to have major surgery or you have recently suffered from an illness or infection . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . you can take novonorm with or without food . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if your blood sugar is too high . it is important that you continue to follow the advice from your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . do not exceed the recommended daily dose . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . if possible , show the doctor the pack , or this leaflet . how long to take take the tablet - do not take more than the prescribed dose , unless your doctor tells you to . this medicine is for oral use . take the tablets at the same time each day , in the morning and evening , to help control your diabetes . to benefit from your medicine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia is a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) but it can be serious and life - threatening and requires immediate medical attention . the most serious side effect is hypo glycocaemia ( low blood sugar ). hypog glycocaemic reactions may lead to severe hypogycaemia unconsciousness and coma . if you have an allergy ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), you may experience swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy and sweating . these may be symptoms of an anaphylactic reaction . other possible side effects include : stomach pain and diarrhoea ( very common ) uncommon : coronary syndrome ( very rare ) in very rare cases (
what repaglinide hct contains - the active substances are : - tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate anhydrous , maize starch , polacrilin potassium , povidone ( type a ), glycerol , magnesium stearate , meglumine ( e1202 ), poloxamer , iron oxide yellow ( yellow ) and iron oxide red ( red ) ( see end of section 2 for further information on the contents of the pack ) - film - coating : shellac , indigo carmine aluminium lake , carnauba wax , white wax . what ristaben contains : the active substance is a white to off - white powder . - each carton contains 1 bottle .
pumarix is a vaccine for use in adults aged 18 years and older . it is given to prevent pandemic flu ( influenza ) in countries where the disease is not directly related to the natural occurring factor xa ( nmf ). pandemmic flu is an influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . the vaccine is not intended to be given to children and adolescents aged less than 18 years of age .
do not use pumarix - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if : - you have had an allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine ( e . g . formaldehyde , sodium deoxycholate ). signs of a serious allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . your doctor or nurse will give you the vaccine to help protect you from such a situation . the vaccine may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . children and adolescents do not give this vaccine to children or adolescents below 18 years of age because there is no experience with this vaccine in this age group , and there is limited experience in children or teenagers . other medicines
pumarix will be given to you by a doctor or nurse , aged 18 years and over . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg / kg given as an injection into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm ). if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions may be life - threatening and may lead to dangerously low blood pressure and shock . the following side effects may happen with this vaccine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , headache feeling tired aching muscles joint pain redness or swelling fever sweating shivering diarrhoea feeling sick common : bruising , hard lump in the back of the throat , cough , flu - like symptoms , chills , rash , itching , pain in the joints , muscle spasm , joint pain ; redness , swelling , fever , sweating and / or a feeling of being sick . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : swelling of the face ,
what pumarix contains - the active substances are influenza virus ( h1n1 ) of the following strains : - inactivated : 1 / 5 / 2005 ( ph - 1 , 000 iu / 0 . 5 ml ) - pr8 - ibcdc- rg2 - haemagglutinin , squalene ( e321 ), dl - 3 - tocopherol , polysorbate 20 and water for injections . the adjuvants are : sodium chloride , disodium hydrogen phosphate , potassium dihydrogen phosphorus and potassium chloride ( see end of section 2 ) and solvent for solution for injection . see section 2 for further information on the contents of the pack . - pumar
somakit toc is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . it contains two active substances : edotreotide and gallium ( chloride ): the active substance is gallium . the active ingredient is ethylene glycol ( epoetin ), which is derived from gelatin and is essentially a " radioactive " substance . eedotrotide is produced by recombinant dna technology in a microorganism called " nmda ". this means that it can be injected into a vein over several body areas . this procedure is called positron emission tomography ( pttp ) and is used to obtain images of your pet . these images are taken using a special camera . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the
do not use somakit toc : - if you are allergic to edotreotide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of these medicines . you have severe kidney or liver problems . your doctor may need to change your dose . - you have moderate or severe renal or hepatic disease . there is a higher risk of dehydration in the body ( cushing syndrome ). inflammation of the thyroid disease or any type of tumour that affects the pituitary gland , such as the lung , brain or breast - feeding . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . it is not known if this medicine will work in this age group .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your nuclear medicine doctor if you are not sure . the recommended dose of somakit toc for adults and older people is 0 . 5 mg megabecquerel ( injected as an intravenous injection ). this is a single injection . you should not inject more than one injection in the same day . use in women and men the usual dose is 1 . 0 mg for every kilogram of your body weight . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents less than 18 years of age . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you based on your child ' s weight , weight and the quantity of medicine to be administered . method of administration the medicine will be prepared and given to you by a healthcare professional or nurse . this medicine is for single use only . it is not
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) include : warm flush , redness of the skin , swelling , itching , nausea , difficulty breathing . rare ( effects affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) severe allergic reactions including stinging at the injection site . this radiopharmaceutical will be used to treat cancer and hereditary abnormalities . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your nuclear medicine doctor or nuclear medicine specialist . reporting of side effects 33 if your or your child gets side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicinal product .
what edotreotide teva contains - the active substance is : 10 - phenanthroline , 1 , 000 iu / ml gentisic acid , mannitol , formic acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). - each vial contains 0 . 5 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per vial . - after reconstitution , the solution contains 1 . 3 % sodium ( 33 mg ). what radiolabelling looks like and contents of the pack hydrochloric acid is a white to off - white powder for concentrate for solution for infusion . it is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a black flip - off cap . each pack contains 1 vial of powder .
what afinitor is and how it works quiitor contains the active substance everolimus which blocks the activity of a protein called a ' tumour necrosis factor ' ( tnf ). it is used to treat adult patients with a type of breast cancer called ' postmenopausal women ' who are treated with non - steroidal aromatase inhibitors , such as exemestane , a non  - controlled ' hormonal anticancer therapy ' and ' neuroendocrine tumours ' that affects the stomach / bowels / lung / pancreas . these tumours are caused by a change in the tumour ' s immune response . this medicine works by stopping tumour cells from growing . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you because your cancer has responded to the treatment .
do not use afinitor if you are allergic to everolimus , sirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : - you have cancer . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before using your medicine . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine to control the level of cancer in your blood . quiitor must not be given to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not been studied in this age group . other medicines and queitor tell your physician or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . the following medicines may affect the amount of sugar in the blood , which can
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of afinitor is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without food . if your liver problems do not improve after taking this medicine , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take , depending on how you respond to the treatment . duration of treatment continue to take your medicine at the same time each day , even when you are feeling better . it is important to keep following your doctor ' s advice . do not stop taking your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . stopping your treatment with this medicine may cause
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking afinitor and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . other side effects that may be seen during treatment with Afinitor include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) chills infection fever coughing difficulty breathing wheezing inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ) coughing , difficulty breathing , and wheeing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction which may be life - threatening . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the symptoms . if any of these symptoms occur , stop taking the medicine and
what afinitor contains - the active substance is everolimus . - each quiitor 5 mg / 850 mg film - coated tablet contains 5 mg of oreverolimus in 0 . 5 ml of solution , corresponding to a concentration of 10 mg per mg of the medicine . the other ingredients are : butylhydroxytoluene , magnesium stearate , lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ), hypromellose , and crospovidone . what visitor looks like and contents of the pack visitores 10 mg : a white to off - white lyophilised powder in a glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and a plastic flip - off cap . each vial contains 100 mg of powder . pouritor 10 mg is available in
laventair ellipta contains two active substances , umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . lavent air ellippta is used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults . copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten , making it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . this medicine blocks the tightening of these muscles , which makes breathing easier . if you use this medicine regularly , it will help to control your breathing difficulties and reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life . your doctor will prescribe this medicine for you by your doctor .
do not use laventair ellipta : - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if this applies to you , tell your doctor straight away . you should use this medicine every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . your doctor will check whether this medicine is working for you and will adjust the dose if necessary . do not take this medicine to treat asthma . take special care with this medicine tell your family and friends that you are taking it , as you may not be able to use it at the same time . talk with your doctor about other conditions you may be taking , or have recently taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . tell your
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use laventair ellipta regularly your doctor will tell you how many inhalations to use each day , and how often you should use it . try to use it every day as soon as you remember . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . it does not matter whether you use it on its own or in combination with other medicines . if your symptoms do not improve or get worse , contact your doctor straight away . how to use the inhaler read the package leaflets for the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur when laventair ellipta is used in combination with other medicines . stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : skin rash ( hives ) or redness other side effects include : swelling of the face and mouth ( angioedema ) feeling very wheezy coughing difficulty in breathing feeling weak or light headed collapse or loss of consciousness breathing difficulties if this happens , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : breathing difficulties these may be signs of a lung infection . a small number of people being sick ( vomiting ) these symptoms may be due to a lower dose of this medicine . your doctor will tell
what laventair ellipta contains the active substances are umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 84 micrograms umeklidinium ( equivalent to 84 milligrams / kg of body weight ) equivalent to 2 . 5 milligramms of vilantrol ( as trifenatate ). the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ) and water for injections . see section 2 , " what you need to know before you use this medicine " for more information about the ingredients of this medicine . the sachets are provided in blisters in packs of 1 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 
tremfya contains the active substance guselkumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokine receptor antagonists . it works by blocking the activity of a protein called il - 23 , a type of protein that is involved in the inflammatory process of inflammation . plaque psoriasis is an inflammatory condition that affects the skin and the nails . this helps to improve the condition of the skin , including the appearance of nails , that causes scaling and shedding , flaking , itching , pain and burning .
do not use tremfya - if you are allergic to guselkumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : - you have a severe infection , including active tuberculosis . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse . before you start treatment , your doctor will check whether you have an infection or if there are any signs of an infection ( for example , a serious infection ) or a long term treatment . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely during treatment with this medicine to make sure that you have the infection under control before starting treatment with the medicine . this is because the medicine may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . the use of 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much tremfya to use the recommended dose is one 5 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) once a week . your doctor will tell you how many injections you need and how often you should use them . do not change the dose or stop injecting unless your doctor tells you to . injecting yourself your doctor may decide that it would be more convenient for you to inject yourself . you can inject yourself with your own injection . however , it is important that you do not use more than the recommended dosage . if your doctor decides that you need to inject a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose , you should inject your next dose at the usual time . for the treatment of psoriasis , your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , itching of the skin , rash or raised bumps tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects tell your physician , pharmacist or nurse if any of these side effects gets serious . side effects that may occur during the marketing of epoetin a : - severe respiratory infections : the most commonly reported side effects are headache , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea , constipation , dry mouth , stomach ache , and vomiting . reporting of side
what tremfya contains - the active substance is guselkumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 20 mg , 40 mg or 50 mg of gusedlkzumab in 0 . 5 ml solution . - - other ingredients ( excipients ) are histidine ( e421 ), histamine monohydrochloride monohydrate , polysorbate 80 , sucrose , and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given trf - 1 : the active substances are ethanol , glucose , ethylhexyl alcohol , alcohol swabs , solvent and solvent for solution for injection in a glass vial . the solvent is a clear to slightly opalescent 
trepulmix contains the active substance treprostinil which belongs to a group of medicines called thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( cteph ) in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 year and above ) with chronic ( long - term ) high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . these can result in symptoms such as shortness of breath , dizziness , tiredness or fainting , palpitations ( an abnormal heartbeat ), dry cough , chest pain and a general feeling of restlessness .
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to treprostinil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : - you have pulmonary veno- occlusive disease ( a condition in which the blood vessels in the lungs become swollen ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor straight away .  you have ever had problems with your heart or lungs , or you have severe liver disease . you have had a heart problem or heart attack ( such as a myocardial infarction in the last six months ). you have experienced changes in heart rate or have a history of coronary heart disease ( coronary artery disease ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you are
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . trepulmix is given as a continuous subcutaneous infusion ( a drip under your skin ) in the abdomen or thigh . the recommended dose of treprostinil is 10 mg once a day . in order to prevent accidental overdose , your doctor will prescribe a dose that is right for you ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if your liver or kidney disease is not working properly ( cteph ), your doctor may give you a lower dose . you may experience undesirable effects or discomfort when you are given the medicine . how much and how often you will receive your medicine depends on how much medicine you will need to take , and how well you respond to the treatment . use in children and adolescents the dose for children
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - widening of blood vessels - pain at the infusion site - bleeding or bruising at the site of infusion - headaches , nausea , diarrhoea , jaw pain - dizziness , light - headedness - fainting - low blood pressure - skin rashes - muscle pain , muscle spasms - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , hives , redness or itching of the skin - rash of the mouth - inflammation of the throat , nose , throat
what trepulmix contains - the active substance is treprostinil ( as sodium salt ). one ml of solution for injection contains 1 . 5 mg of TREprostinel . - each vial contains 1 mg / 0 . 25 mbq of solution , corresponding to a concentration of  106 g / kg . the other ingredients are sodium salt and water for injections ( see section 2 under ' tamper - evidentia contains lactose '): - 1 , 000 iu ( correspondingly to 5  10  15  20  30  40  50  60  80  90  1  2  3  4  6  7  8  9  11  12 
thorinane contains the active substance enoxaparin sodium . it belongs to a group of medicines called heparin ( lmwh ) inhibitors . what thourinana is used for ? blood clots : this medicine is used to prevent blood clumps from forming in hardened blood vessels . the active ingredient in thiorinant is a protein called thrombin , which is produced by recombinant dna technology . by reducing the number of platelets in your blood , this medicine reduces the risk of blood tts getting worse or prevents your ability to get better after an operation . this is used in adults and children aged 2 years and above , who have a severe illness known as unstable angina or heart attack . blood coagulation can occur in patients on
do not take thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 18 years of age . other medicines and throparin : nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin tell your doctor or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines . heparin- induced thrombocytopenia ( hdpe ) has been reported in the last 100 days after a dose of
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose of thorinane is one 5 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ). your doctor will tell you how many syringes to use and how often you should use them . the usual dose is 1 . 5 mg / m2 body surface area once a week . injecting a dose of 20 mg or 50 mg is recommended in adults and adolescents aged 12 years and above . your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to do so . you should always inject thoresane under the skin ( subcutaneously ) as an injection into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). if
like all medicines , this medicine can cause blood clotting , although not everybody gets them . bleeding may occur at least up to 4 months after the last dose of thorinane . you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of bleeding : - weakness , tiredness , paleness or dizziness - headache - swelling , which may occur immediately after the first dose of the medicine . stop taking this medicine and seek medical advice immediately , if this happens to you . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with this medicine ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - allergic reaction : difficulty breathing , swelling of lips , mouth , throat or eyes , as this may be a sign of a blockage in a blood vessel . - redness or itching of the skin 
what enoxaparin sodium syringe contains - the active substance is : - 1 ml of solution for injection contains 1 . 5 mg of ethylene ( ethylene ) paraffin , corresponding to a concentration of 0 . 8 mg / m2 . - 2 . 4 mg evgenys contains a total of 6 . 6 mg . each vial contains 1 mg , 2 mg or 3 mg of the ethylene glycol ( e0. 9 mg ) per vial . the other ingredients are : water for injections . what remsys looks like and contents of the pack - one vial is a clear , colourless solution , supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . pack size of 1 via
senstend contains two active substances : lidocaine and prilocaine . these belong to a group of medicines called local anaesthetics . they are used for the treatment of premature ejaculation in adult men . this medicine works by preventing the head of the penis from spinning .
do not take senstend - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : - you have an allergy or sensitivity to any other medicines you have a genetic disease that affects your red blood cells ( glucose or phosphate deficiency ), anaemia or methaemoglobinaemia . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely during treatment . you may develop sensitivities ( sensitivity ) to these medicines . these include : liver problems , especially in the face , ears , eyes , nose , mouth or eyes . the doctor may monitor your eyes more closely while you are taking sens
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much senstend to use the recommended dose is one inhalation once a day in the head of the penis . you should use the inhaler at about the same time each day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . it is important that you do this as instructed by your doctor . if your dose is less than 12 . 5 mg / ml , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . this will help you to remember to use it . your doctor will tell you how many capsules to use and how often to use them . the capsules should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . don ' t open , crush or chew the capsule . remove the cap from the bottle to release the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to develop or maintain an erection reduced feeling in the penis feeling of burning in your penis uncommon ( might affect up to 1 in 100 people ). headache irritation of throat irritation of the skin redness in the upper penis failure to ejaculate during sexual intercourse abnormal organasm tingling in the lower penis pain or discomfort in the middle of the night pain in the back of the hand . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common : may affect less than 1 user in 10 , 000 : a decrease in the number of white blood cells , which may be a sign of an increase in the amount of
what prilocaine teva contains - the active substance is lidocaine . each ml of solution for injection contains 0 . 5 mg lidocine and 1 mg plocaine respectively . - each pre - filled syringe contains 1 . 4 mg lidaine and 2 mg prilacaine . what pheasant looks like and contents of the pack phäastent is a clear , colourless solution . it is supplied in a pack containing 1 or 2 single - use vials . not all pack - sizes may be marketed .
opdivo is a medicine used to treat melanoma , a type of skin cancer , in adults . it can be used : on its own , or in combination with other medicines for the treatment or prevention of the disease , by resection or surgery ( adjuvant therapy ). in adults with non - small cell lung cancer or advanced renal cell carcinoma ( advanced kidney cancer or classical hodgkin lymphoma ) after an autologous stem - cell transplant ( a transplant of cancer of the head and neck ) in adults who have had at least one previous treatment for their cancer . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an increased risk of getting a new tumour , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will discuss with you which treatment is best for you . in addition , you will also be given other medicines to treat your
do not use opdivo : - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if : you have a problem with your heart , such as a change in the rhythm or an abnormal heart rhythm . you have problems with your lungs such as breathing difficulties or cough . this may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs ( pneumonitis or interstitial lung disease ). you have diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ) or inflammation of your intestines ( colitis ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years of age because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of opdivo is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet before swallowing . if necessary , the tablet can be taken with or without food . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the tablets should be swallowed whole with some water or other non - small cell lung cancer tablets . you can take the tablets at any time of the day , but this is different from the usual dose . take the tablet at the same time as ipilimumab . this is to make sure that your medicine is fully effective and to reduce the risk of developing resistance to treatment .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . inflammation : opdivo may affect more than 1 in 10 people . it is caused by the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). inflammation may cause inflammation and damage to your body . inflammatory conditions may require withdrawal of the medicine . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and older : common ( may affect up to 1 in every 100 people ): decrease in the number of white blood cells , diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ), nausea , skin rash with blisters , itching , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat .
what opdivo contains - the active substance is nivolumab . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 10 mg of nivivolum . after reconstitution , 1 . 5 mL of concentrate contains 5 mg / 0 . 25 mbq . the other ingredients are : sodium citrate dihydrate , sodium chloride and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given opsdivo : what syringe looks like and contents of the pack the concentrate is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow liquid . it is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . pack sizes of 1 vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
do not take clopidogrel tad : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopdote . you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer , bleeding within the brain , or severe liver disease . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with cloppdo : take all your medicines exactly as your doctor has told you . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely during treatment . bleeding may occur , for example , internal bleeding , stomach ulcer or blood disorder that puts you at risk of internal bleeding or bleeding when you stand up or stand up . this is because clo
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . after your organ transplant has been given , your body ' s immune system will try to reject the newly transplanted liver or kidney . your immune system may also reject the new organ , liver , kidney , heart or other organ if your body does not respond normally to the transplantation .
do not take tacforius : if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if your doctor thinks you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tacforinus . you must not be given this medicine if : you are taking a macrolide ( antibiotic ) such as erythromycin , clarithromycin or josamycin . your doctor will tell you whether you need to be given a lower dose of tacrolivimus . during treatment , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose , or stop your treatment with tacrolinus temporarily or permanently , unless your doctor tells you to stop . the duration of your treatment should not
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of tacforius is one tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . tacrolimus medicine is for oral use . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . if your transplanted organ is not fully effective , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . you should continue to take tacforinus for as long as your body ' s response to the treatment will be the same as for any other immunosuppressive medication . this is because your body may not be able to accept the new organ . however , you will need to follow the instructions of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . infections and infections are very common in patients taking tacforius . the most serious side effects are allergic and anaphylactic reactions . benign and malignant tumours , such as pure red cell aplasia ( low red blood cell counts ), agranulocytosis and haemolytic anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells due to abnormal breakdown ). febrile neutropenia ( infection with fever ) is common . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): increased blood sugar , diabetes mellitus ( a disease where the body ' s immune system attacks its own cells ), decreased white blood cells ,
what tacforius contains - the active substance is tacrolimus . each sachet contains 5 mg , 7 . 5 mg or 10 mg tacrolivimus ( as monohydrate ). - each 0 . 25 mg / 1 ml film - coated tablet contains 1 , 000 mg of tacrolimimus , which is equivalent to 1 . 4 mg tacfius . - one 0 1 - 0 mg film  1  2 . 8 mg film coat contains 5 . 6 mg tacrollimus ( corresponding to 2  3 mg ) monohydrate ( equivalent to 4  4 mg ). the other ingredients are : hypromellose , ethylcellulose , lactose , magnesium stearate . the tablet coating contains : shellac , red iron oxide
clopidogrel zentiva belongs to a group of medicines known as antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clot forming ( a process known as thrombosis ) in the blood , it prevents the blood from cloding ( thrombi ) and reduces the risk of blood vessels ( arteries ) causing atherothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed this medicine to help prevent these severe events because : - you are at high risk of such events because your condition has worsened and you have no symptoms at all . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or
do not take clopidogrel zentiva : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopdor . you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain . - you suffer from severe liver disease . your doctor will monitor you closely while you are on a diet and exercise plan while you ' re on treatment and during treatment . take care not to infect other people , including children , adolescents , or infants under 18 years of age . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years because there is insufficient experience in this age group . furthermore , the use of 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if your doctor determines that you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of a 75 mg or 425 mg tablets ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . then , the usual dose is one 70 mg tablet ( 4x5 ) twice a day as described above . you should take the tablet(s ) as directed by your doctor to reach a hospital emergency department because of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding under the skin that appears as red pinpoint dots or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin , which may be accompanied by swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea , constipation , vomiting , dizziness , loss of appetite . uncommon
what clopidogrel zentiva b . v . contains - the active substance is 75 mg of clodogrell ( as hydrogen sulphate ). - each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg , 75 mg or 100 mg of the active ingredient . the other ingredients are : tablet core : mannitol ( e421 ), hydrogenated castor oil , microcrystalline cellulose , macrogol , low - substituted hydroxypropylcellulose . tablet coating : lactose monohydrate ( milk sugar ), hypromellose , triacetin , red iron oxide , talc and titanium dioxide . see section 2 under ' c & mr '. what clumps pfizer looks like and contents of the pack the film coat consists of
yttriga is a radioactive medicine that emits a small amount of radioactivity . it is used to detect and treat cancer cells in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . the medicine is radiolabelled medicinal product . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to treat cancer .
do not use yttriga : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before using this medicine . you should not be given this medicine to pregnant women . if this applies to you , do not breast - feed or become pregnant while you are being treated with this medicinal product . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 2 years . other medicines and this medicine radiolabelled with this medicine are not recommended in this age group . please tell your doctor or pharmacist if : you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . radioactive medicinal products , including medicines obtained without a prescription , are radioactive for up to 2 hours after administration of the medicine ( see section " radioactivity "
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies in adults and children ( from 2 years of age ): side effects not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse , or get medical help straight away . reporting of side effects you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects your doctor or nurse can help provide more information on the safety of this medicinal product .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . yttriga is for single use only . it should not be used if there are local regulations or radioactive substances are present . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions .
what remdesivir contains - the active substance is chloride . each ml of solution for injection contains 0 . 5 mg chloride ( as sterile solution ) and 1 mg of hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ). - solvent : water for injections ( see section 2 under ' reconstitution ' for further information on the contents of the pack ). the solution is a clear , colourless to slightly yellow solution . - each pack contains 1 vial .
ciambra is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cisplatin . it is used to treat malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above , who have not received prior chemotherapy . you will receive a total of 6 treatment cycles prior to starting a new treatment cycle . your doctor will discuss with you the best course of action for you . ciabria is also used in combination with another anti - cancer medicine , called ' ciclotremor ', to treat adult patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has been tried but has not worked well enough or is unsuitable for them . the duration of the treatment cycle is determined by the body ' s response to 
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . - you must not be given this vaccine to prevent yellow fever . your doctor will monitor your kidneys during treatment . before each infusion you will be checked that you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that your blood cells are working properly before and during your treatment with this medicine to make sure that you are properly hydrated and have adequate blood cell counts . you may be given cisplatin , which may increase the risk of vomiting , and to reduce radiation therapy ( see section 4 ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . children and adolescents do not give this medicinal product
ciambra will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . their height and weight are measured to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml . you will always be given this medicine by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous infusion ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when given in combination with cisplatin : the doctor will work out your dose and how often you should be treated . method and route of administration the syringe ( s ) is a clear , colourless to slightly yellow liquid 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - fever or infection ( common ), with a temperature of 38oc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . - chest pain ( uncommon ) - fast heart rate - pain , redness , swelling or sores in the mouth ( very rare ). - severe allergic reaction , which may include skin rash , burning or prickling sensation , numbness or tingling sensation ( rare ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). other side effects may include : very common ( affects more than
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at a temperature below 25 . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what ciambra contains - the active substance is pemetrexed . - each 0 . 5 ml vial contains 100 milligrams ( equivalent to 5 millilitres ) of pemetreexed ( as pemetreixed disodium hemipentahydrate ). after reconstitution , each 5 ml syringe contains 5 mg , 10 mg or 15 mg of pemexed in 5ml of solution . the other ingredients are mannitol ( e 421 ), hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). what aquidacent looks like and contents of the pack the solution is clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow , and free from visible particles . each pack contains 1 glass vial with a rubber stopper
immunogam is used to prevent infections caused by viruses . immunogam contains the active substances human hepatitis b immunoglobulins and immunoglobuin g ( igg ) which are produced by recombinant dna technology . the immunogam protein is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines , which are made from human and mouse proteins . when a person is vaccinated , the immune response of the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) produces antibodies ( antibodies ) against the diseases . antibodies are proteins that are designed to recognise and bind to other proteins in the blood , enabling the body to defend itself against these infections . if you have any questions about how immunogam works or why this medicine has been
do not use immunogam if you are allergic to iga or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunogam in case of a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction . immunogam should not be used in combination with blood products containing iga deficiency . in the unlikely event of an allergic reaction you should seek immediate medical attention . the following adverse reactions may occur during treatment with immunogam ( see section 4 ): chills , headache , fever , vomiting . allergic reactions , such as nausea , arthralgia ( joint pain ), low blood pressure , back pain . your doctor will monitor you closely during treatment . hepatitis b immunoglobulin regurgitates with a protein called b . this protein is produced by the
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of immunogam for adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) is : a single dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) of the vaccine against the hepatitis b virus ( hbv ). the vaccine must be administered at the same time each day . if the vaccine is administered at bedtime , it should be given at least 24 hours after the last dose of the previous dose . use in children and adolescents immunogam should not be used in children or adolescents under 18 years . for children less than 18 years who are vaccinated , the vaccine should be administered in accordance with official recommendations . in this case , immunogam must not be given in combination with other vaccines containing human immunoglobulin .
like all medicines , immunogam can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur during clinical trials with immunogam . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your injection . if you experience any of the following symptoms , tell your doctor immediately : - muscle pain - nausea - fatigue - induration ( swelling and firmness at the injection site ) - feeling unwell - pain or fever - joint pain , back pain and muscle pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache - dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - inflammation of the lungs ( bronchitis ) ( thrombocytopenia ) reporting of
what immunogam contains - the active substance is hepatitis b immunoglobulin ( hbv ). one vial contains 100 iu / ml of immunogam , corresponding to a concentration of  - 0 . 5 micrograms / kg . the other ingredients are : powder : white to off - white powder for concentrate for solution for infusion : water for injections : sodium , potassium and phosphate ( for ph adjustment ): ethanol . what immunegam looks like and contents of the pack immunogam is presented as a powder and a solvent in a clear glass vial with a rubber stopper . each pack contains 1 vial of powder .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab , which is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it attaches to a specific target in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ii ) alpha1a . the target of the protein is called granulocyte - colony stimulating factor ( givr ). in a clinical study conducted in adults with these diseases , the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ) produced by the body mimicking the activity of gy1a and so reduces the inflammation in your body . if you have rheumatoid arthritis , your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or in combination with other medicines for your psoriatic arthritis ( ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew
do not take remicade : if you are allergic to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have tuberculosis ( tb ) infection , such as pneumonia or sepsis . you have heart failure . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . before taking your medicine , make sure that you read the " do not use " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines that are used in combination . take special care with the following medicines : while you are taking a medicine containing relicade tell a doctor or nurse immediately : your doctor may need to monitor you more closely . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 16 weeks of age 
rheumatoid arthritis the usual dose is 2 . 5 mg for every kg of body weight . psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ) the usual starting dose is 3 . 75 mg for each kg , given over 2 hours into one of your veins ( usually in your arm ). remicade will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . your doctor will decide the dose you need based on your disease , weight and how well you respond to the treatment . children and adolescents ( aged 6 to 17 years ) weighing 30 kg or more : the recommended dose is 5 mg / kg given over 1 to 2 hours over 1 hour . the doctor will tell you how many treatments you need and how often you will be treated . how often a treatment is needed the doctor or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects stop taking remicade and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , skin rash , hives , swelling of hands , feet and ankles . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction and you may need urgent medical treatment . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , stomach ache , abdominal ( belly ) pain , flatulence , pain in the groin , and indigestion . common (
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . remicade can be stored at room temperature ( below 25 ) for up to 24 hours at 2 to 8 before removal from the refrigerator . it is important that you do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines your medicines away . these measures will help protect the environment .
what remicade contains the active substance is infliximab . each pre - filled syringe contains 0 . 5 mg or 1 ml of solution for injection , corresponding to a concentration of 10 mg / kg . the other ingredients are sucrose , polysorbate 80 ( e433 ), monobasic sodium phosphate ( see section 2 ) and / or dibasic salt . see section 3 . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is for single use only . it is available in packs containing 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 60 , 90 or 100 iu . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
rasagiline mylan tablets are used to treat parkinson ' s disease in adults . it contains the active substance levodopa , which is a substance produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli . in people who have not had enough of this substance before , they lose too much of a chemical called dopamine ( a building block of proteins that play an important role in motor neuronal development ). in people with parkinsons ' disease , there is an increase in the loss of cells in the brain . this decrease in the levels of the neurotransmitter dopam , a type of chemical that is involved in the development of new blood cells . by blocking the action of this chemical , the brain can produce more doppamine than it should and this can lead to serious medical problems .
do not take rasagiline mylan - if you are allergic to rasagaline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rasagarine mylan as it may cause liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . rasagalines mylan belongs to a group of medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors . these medicines are used to treat depression and parkinson ' s disease . other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if : you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or herbal products , such as st . john  s wort , pethidine ( a pain killer ) if any of these apply to you , or you are not
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken by mouth once daily . rasagiline mylan can be taken with or without food . take the tablet at about the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush , chew or split the tablet . if your doctor thinks you may have taken too much of this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . you may require medical attention . it is important that you continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . for further instructions on how to take rasagile mylan , see section 4 , " warnings and precautions ". take your medicine as soon as you remember if it is time for your next dose . then take the next dose at the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common - affects less than 1 in 10 user in 100 not known - tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : abnormal movements ( dyskinesia ) headache abdominal pain fall allergy allergy fever flu ( influenza ) feeling of being unwell malaise neck pain chest pain ( angina pectoris ) low blood pressure ( dizziness / light ) diarrhoea stomach pain indigestion , constipation , flatulence ( wind ) uncommon (
what rasagiline krka contains - the active substance is rasagarine . each ml of the solution for infusion contains 200 mg rasagileline . - each pregelatinized maize starch contains 250 mg stearic acid , corresponding to a concentration of 0 . 5 mg / m2 of the body ' s own phosphate ( e331 ). - a sterile , colourless to pale yellow solution , contains a white to pale brown liquid in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium seal . the contents of the pack are : - tablet core : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , tartric acid ( see section 2 under ' rasagieline teva contains sodium ') - film - coated tablets : mai
hulio contains the active substance adalimumab , which belongs to a group of medicines known as monoclonal antibodies . hepatitis b is a protein produced naturally in the body that binds to receptors in inflammatory diseases such as polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis ( pji ) 2 - 17 years of age with arthritis affecting children and adolescents ( aged 6-17 years ) with crohn ' s disease affecting up to 17 years , with plaque psoriasis affecting 4 to 17 year old with hidradenitis suppurativa ( a type of medicine produced by recombinant dna technology ) in patients aged 12 -17 years with non - infectious uveitis ( tnf - 1 ) patients aged 2 to
do not use hulio if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have an infection , including active tuberculosis or other opportunistic infections . you have a fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems you have heart failure or a serious heart condition you have ever had an allergic reaction to any medicine . allergic reactions may include chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness you have swelling or rash . these may be signs of infections you have any infection . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if any of these apply to you . your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine and / or
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . hulio is for use in adults and adolescents from 2 years of age with active idiopathic arthritis ( age 2 to 17 years ), with active arthritis , crohn ' s disease , plaque , psoriasis , and hidradenitis suppurativa ( age 12 to less than 60 years ) and non - infectious uveitis ( age from 2 to 37 years ). your doctor may prescribe a lower dose based on your response to the medicine . your doctor will decide the right dose for you , depending on how you respond to the treatment . for children and adolescents , the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg / m2 of body surface area given every day . children and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects after your hulio injection : severe allergic reaction with heart failure rash , hives swollen face , hands , feet trouble breathing or swallowing pale complexion dizziness fever bruising or bleeding infection signs include : fever feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , pain in the back of the abdomen , flatulence ( a feeling of fullness ), indigestion , abdominal pain , weight loss . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), which may result in bleeding or redness .
what adalimumab sfl contains - the active substance is : 25 mg / ml : monosodium glutumate , sorbitol ( e420 ), methionine , polysorbate 80 , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections ( see section 2 ' sodium ' for further information on the contents of the pack '). the sterile solution is a clear , colourless to slightly yellow solution . each carton contains 1 glass vial containing 100 mg of the active ingredient . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
yellox is a medicine that reduces inflammation ( eye inflammation ) caused by cataract surgery in adults . it is used to reduce the amount of cloudiness around the eye .
do not take yellox : if you are allergic to bromfenac or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have asthma , skin allergy , or inflammation of the nose you are taking other nsaids ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofEN , diclofennac , steroids or cortisone ) you have any unwanted side effects . you have ever had bleeding problems in patients with haemophilia a or have had them in the past . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if your bleeding is not being controlled with medicines such as warfarin . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the eye ( s ) once a day . yellox should be used within the next day for cataract surgery . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 18 years of age . wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . do not touch the drops with your thumb or fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a clean finger . push down the dropper tip down , gently pull down the bottom of your eye . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). if your eye or eyelid looks like water , it may appear as if someone else accidentally drops the drop . gently press on the tip of the bottle to release a finger into the eye
what nebuliser contains - the active substance is bromfenac . each ml of solution for injection contains 1 mg bromfed ( as sodium sesquihydrate ). each pre - filled syringe contains 0 . 5 mg of bromfetane ( equivalent to 1 . 3 mg ). - other ingredients are : boric acid ( e330 ), borax , sodium sulphite anhydrous , benzalkonium chloride , and tyloxapol , povidone , disodium edetate and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . what remdesia looks like and contents of the pack - a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellowish solution in a glass vial with a
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil . it belongs to a group of medicines called opioids . suftentanil is used to treat moderate to severe pain in adults .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - your doctor may need to adjust your dose . do not use this medicine to treat : - asthma , wheezing , or shortness of breath . these may be signs of a serious problem you may be experiencing while you are taking your medicine , especially if it affects your breathing , such as a head injury or brain tumour . your doctor will monitor your heart rate during treatment , to check that your heart is working properly , and to reduce the risk of irregular heartbeat , low blood volume and low blood pressure , which may be a sign of problems with your liver . children and adolescents do not give this
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of dzuveo is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not take sufentanil more than once daily . it is best to take your tablet at the same time each day , just before or after food , preferably on the same day each week . this will help you to remember to take it . if your doctor tells you to stop taking this medicine , stop taking it and talk to your doctor about how long you should continue to take the medicine . your doctor will tell you how long your treatment will last . how to take swallow the capsules whole with water , with or just before meals , in order to help you breathe more easily 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - breathing problems - slow and shallow breathing . if you notice any of the side effects above , stop taking the medicine and tell your doctor immediately . very common : - side effects in children and adolescents ( from 1 to 17 years of age ): common - these effects occur with up to 1 in 100 people - nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ) and feeling hot . uncommon : these effects may affect up to1 in 10 persons - inability or difficulty sleeping - feeling anxious or confused - difficulty sleeping ( feeling irritable , confused , or confused when getting up from a lying or sitting position ). uncommon side effects these may occur with or without
what sufentanil krka contains - the active substance is sufenil . each film - coated tablet contains 100 mg sufenteanil ( as citrate ). - other ingredients are mannitol , dicalcium phosphate , hypromellose , and croscarmellose sodium . the tablets also contain indigo carmine ( e132 ), stearic acid ( for ph adjustment ) and magnesium stearrate . what taneo looks like and contents of the pack tansen is a white to off - white lyophilised tablet . it is available in packs containing 1 , 5 or 10 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance apalutamide . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( called " prostate cancer "). this type of prostate cancer is caused by a protein in the body called " tyrosine kinase " ( tksk ). if you have prostate cancer , your doctor may give you an additional medicine to treat your prostate cancer at a lower dose . if your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that you will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . the other cancer medicines are : - a medicine called apalutamidie , which works by blocking the activity of a substance in your prostate , causing the cancer cells to grow and reproduce .
do not take erleada : - if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy and contraception section "). you have a history of seizures . you have an increased risk of blood clots when taking medicines such as warfarin , acenocoumarol , or other medicines that increase the risk of heart or blood vessel conditions . your doctor will monitor you closely during treatment with this medicine to check that you have adequate heart rhythm monitoring . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before you take , as you may need to be monitored more closely . heart rhythm problems (
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of erleada is one tablet once a day by mouth . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet before swallowing . if necessary , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you need to take , depending on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum recommended dose is 2 . 5 mg twice daily . this is equivalent to a 100 mg tablet . taking this medicine swallow the tablets whole with some water , preferably at the same time each day . it is recommended that you take a total daily dose of 200 mg , 400 mg or 500 mg once daily
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : non - elevated , target - like patches on the trunk , with blisters , skin peeling , ulcers in the mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes . these may be signs of skin rashes , fever , flu , like symptoms , and toxic epidermal necrolysis . if any of these side effects gets serious , or if they get worse , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fits ( fits ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of
what neoclarityn contains - the active substance is apalutamide . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of apalutamede ( as colloidal anhydrous silica ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : croscarmellose sodium , hypromellose acetate succinate , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), silicified microcrystalline ( cellulose ) ( see section 2 under ' olympanic contains lactose '), iron oxide black ( 100 mg ) and iron oxide red ( 200 mg ). film coat : macrogol , polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ), talc ( aspartate 20 mg ), titanium dioxide , indigo carmine aluminium lake , carnauba wax ( 
axumin is a radiopharmaceutical product that contains the active substance fluciclovine . it is used for a pet scan in adults , adolescents and children who have previously had prostate cancer . tests have shown that the prostate contains a prostate specific antigen ( psa ) that is found on the surface of some cancer cells . the results of the scan show that the cancer cells have metastasised to a specific protein in the body called a ' tumour necrosis factor ' ( tnf ), which is present at high levels in the blood . when a scan is performed , the scan is detected and the tumour is detected by a special dye called fcnf . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your nuclear medicine doctor .
do not use axumin if you are allergic to fluciclovine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have kidney problems . you are on a low sodium diet while you are being treated with this medicine and for at least a day after the , you have had a , or are about to have , the last 60 minutes after the last , dose of the medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . this medicine is not recommended for use in children below the age of 18 . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding
your treatment with axumin will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the use of radiopharmaceutical products . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg megabecquerel per kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will decide the dose and duration of your treatment , depending on how you respond to the treatment . a dose of 1 . 25 mg is given as an intravenous infusion ( a drip into a vein ) followed by an interval of at least 30 minutes . you will be given a 10 - minute sodium chloride solution for injection before you are given the injection . how long will i have to take a medicine ? you will need to keep following your doctor ' s instructions to avoid overdose 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with axumin : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) pain , rash , altered taste in the mouth and altered sense of smell . if you have any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . this radiopharmaceutical will give you a small amount of radiation to reduce the risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities ( see section 2 ). if any of the side effects gets serious , or you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what axumin contains - the active substance is fluciclovine . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 20 mg of flucclovine ( as monohydrate ). each vial of 5 . 5 mL of solution contains 25 mg , 50 mg or 100 mg / 0 . 25 mmol ( corresponding to a concentration of 20 mg ). - after reconstitution , the solution contains 10 mg . the other ingredients are sodium citrate , concentrated hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ), sodium hydroxide and water for injections ( see section 2 ). what you need to know before you use ayumin ? multidose vials : - one vial contains 2 . 0 mg or 4 . 1 mg of the medicine . multidose throughl : 1 . 2 mg
azopt contains the active substance brinzolamide . it belongs to a group of medicines called carbonic anhydrase inhibitors . they work by reducing pressure in the eye by lowering pressure inside the eye , reducing the high pressure in your eye . this medicine is used to treat glaucoma in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 years and above , who have high pressure at the back of the eye which can lead to damage to your sight .
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have kidney problems . you are taking medicines called sulphonamides ( medicines for diabetes , infections or diuretics ). you have been told by your doctor that you have an allergy or acidosis to any of these medicines . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this age group . other medicines and this medicine may affect the way some other medicines work . in particular , please inform your doctor of any new or worsening conditions you may be taking , or you may need to take
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . azopt is for use in adults aged 18 and over . wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . it is important that you do this as instructed by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . use in children and adolescents ( aged 6 to 17 years ) the recommended starting dose is two drops in the morning and one in the evening . your doctor will tell you how many drops to use and how often you should use them . how to use the drops : - hold the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and your eye . hold the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with azopt : very common side effects ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) blurred vision eye irritation eye pain eye discharge itchy eye dry eye abnormal eye sensation redness of the eye if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what azopt contains - the active substance is brinzolamide . each ml of solution contains 20 mg of brinzola .  the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride , carbomer 974p , edetate disodium , and mannitol ( e421 ), purified water , sodium chloride and tyloxapol , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given this medicine , please read the section called " do not use this medicine " for further information on sodium ". if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . this medicine is taken by mouth for diabetes . it is used for the treatment of type 1 diabetes in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 year and above ) who are overweight or obese . type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood or where your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . the active ingredient in forixiga , dapaglitozin works by helping your body to increase the production of insulin when your diabetes is not controlled by diet and exercise alone . your doctor will discuss with you which medicine is best for you . if you are also a smoker , this medicine may be used in combination with other medicines for diabetes ( such as insulin ) or with certain other medicines that lower sugar ( glucose ) in the blood . forx
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : - you have symptoms such as feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat , rapid weight loss , diabetic ketoacidosis ( a condition in which substances called " ketone bodies " accumulate in the blood and which can lead to increased levels of sugar in your blood and urine ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely , see also section 4 , " possible signs and symptoms of diabetic
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . forxiga is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take the tablets at any time of the day , with or without food . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . people with type 1 diabetes : the usual dose is one tablet once a day . this is called a ' diet and exercise program '. how much to take adults and adolescents ( aged 12 to less than 18 years ) weighing at least 30 kg the usual starting dose is 40 mg once - day based on body weight . if your liver problem is not controlling your blood sugar levels , your doctor will prescribe the right dose for you , depending on how you respond to the treatment . the recommended dose of forx
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of angioedema : swelling of the face , tongue or throat , difficulties swallowing , hives or breathing , as these may be signs of diabetic ketoacidosis . in type 1 diabetes , higher levels of " ketone bodies " in the blood may occur , making you more likely to feel sick or being sick , stomach pain , thirst , fast and deep breathing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and see a doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your diabetes . you may also notice a reduction in the number of platelets in your blood , which may make you more prone to
what forxiga contains - the active substance is dapagliflozin . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 50 mg of dapagllifloflon propanediol monohydrate equivalent to 50 mg dapagligiflon . the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone type a , silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3350 and talc . printing ink : shellac , iron oxide , yellow , black , indigo carmine aluminium lake , carnauba wax , white to off - white , round , biconvex tablets , debossed with " gsi "
mepact contains the active substance mifamurtide , which belongs to a group of medicines called anti - cancer medicines . it works by blocking the activity of a type of bacteria called tyrosine kinase - 2 ( tk2 ), which are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . mepace is used to treat adults with advanced osteosarcoma ( bone cancer ) in patients between 2 and 30 years old who cannot have surgery to remove the tumour . the medicine is used in combination with chemotherapy ( medicines to remove cancer cells from the body ) and cancer cells that have spread to the back of the body and cannot be removed .
do not use mepact - if you are allergic to mifamurtide or ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : - you are taking medicines called calcineurin inhibitors . these are medicines that are used to treat certain conditions , such as non -steroidal - anti - inflammation drugs ( nsaids ). these medicines can damage the heart or blood vessels , leading to formation of blood clots ( thrombosis ), bleeding ( haemorrhage ), inflammation of the veins ( vasculitis ). if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to a doctor or pharmacist before using mepactation . your doctor may
mepact will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this medicine . they will give you the medicine , called mifamurtide , as an injection before your chemotherapy . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg / kg of body weight given once every 2 weeks . your doctor will decide how many days you should be treated with the medicine and how often you will be treated . if you are given too much medicine ( freeze - dried powder ), the medicine will be injected into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of about 30 minutes . you may experience side effects such as fever , chills , fatigue , nausea , vomiting , headache , high blood pressure and low blood pressure . contact your doctor or hospital straight away if your symptoms get worse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may experience chills , fever , fatigue or a transient reaction to paracetamol . if you experience fever or severe stomach problems ( such as nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite ) after receiving chemotherapy , tell your doctor immediately . fever or chills may be a sign of an infection . your doctor may give you a rash , problems breathing or wheezing . these may be signs of stomach problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fever . itching , hives . this may be due to an allergic reaction . tell your physician if any of the following side effects causes you problems : - fever - vomiting - nausea - abdominal pain - diarrhoea 
what neparvis contains - the active substance is mifamurtide . each pre - filled syringe contains 0 . 5 mg of a murine monoclonal antibody ( nmda ) corresponding to a concentration of 1 mg / ml . the other ingredients are : powder : 1 - palmitoyl - 2 - oleoyle sn - glycorecombinant phosphocholine ( e421 ) and 2 , dioleayl- ss - gastrocero - 3 - serine monosodium salt . solvent : water for injections . what mfamur looks like and contents of the pack mpamur is presented as a powder and solvent for solution for injection in a glass vial
mirvaso contains the active substance brimonidine , which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha agonists . it is used on the skin of the face to reduce redness ( rosacea ) and to reduce the amount of redness on the face . the occurrence of a severe form of white blood cell is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) but it can be caused by other conditions such as high levels of blood flow to the facial skin , enlargement and dilation of the small blood vessels in the skin . mirvason works by blocking the effect of an enzyme called alanine kinase . this helps to increase the number of red blood cells in your blood . if you have any questions about your medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to brimonidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mirvao . this medicine may cause side effects on the skin , such as depression or parkinson ' s disease . you should not be given this medicine if : you are taking monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . selegiline , moclobemide , tricyclic antidepressants , imipramine , tetracyclic antidepressants such as maprotiline or mianserin , and mirtazapin ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicinal product . children
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use mirvaso is for injection under the skin ( subcutaneous use ), usually on the face or body surfaces . it is best to use the pre - filled syringe at about the same time each day . you can use it on your eyes , mouth , nose , or vagina . the recommended dose is one 0 . 5 ml sex once daily . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if your symptoms do not improve or get worse . use in children and adolescents the recommended starting dose for children is 1 . 0 mg / m2 body surface area . this dose is given once a day as a single - dose treatment . for children aged 2 years and above , the usual starting dose is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin irritation or inflammation of the skin rash , skin pain or discomfort , dry skin , warm skin sensation , tingling , sensation of pins and needles or swelling of the face . common side effects these may occur with rosacea . contact allergy . if you experience an allergic reaction , such as a rash or itching , itching or hives on your face , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with riociguat . it is important that you tell your doctor as soon as possible if any of the side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days . uncommon side effects
what mirvaso contains - the active substance is brimonidine . each hard capsule contains 20 mg , 30 mg or 60 mg brionidine , corresponding to 2 . 5 mg / ml . - each capsule contains 40 mg : 40 mg or 90 mg ; the other ingredients are methylparahydroxybenzoate ( e219 ), phenoxyethanol ( see section 2 ), and glycerol , titanium dioxide . the capsule shell contains shellac , propylene glycol , sodium hydroxide , and purified water . in addition , the solvent is water for injections , which is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellowish liquid . what mevaso looks like and contents of the pack the capsules are white to off - white , capsule - shaped 
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . it works by blocking the activity of a protein called ' tyrosine kinase ' ( tnk ) protein , a type of protein that is produced by the immune system ( the body  - c - lymphocytes ) and blocks its action . by blocking this protein your immune system will attack certain cells in your body , blocking the immune response and stopping your body from fighting infection . this medicine is used to treat cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above , who have already been treated with another medicine containing a fluoropyrimidine medicine , and who have previously breast - feeding . if you have any questions about your medicines , ask your doctor .
do not use mvasi : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . you must tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , or are breast - feeding . your doctor will decide if this medicine is suitable for you . - you have been told you have an abnormal connection or passageway between two organs in the gut , such as a type of cervical cancer that has spread beyond the original tumour and has spread to other parts of the body ( such as diverticulitis , stomach ulcers , and colitis associated with chemotherapy ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below 18 years of age . other
mvasi will be given to you under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the treatment of cancer . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg / kg of body weight given once every 2 or 3 weeks . your doctor will decide how many infusions you need and how often you should receive them . how much to use the dose you will receive is based on your body weight . it is given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein ( intravenously ). the infusion will last approximately 30 minutes . you will usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks for approximately 60 minutes , depending on how you respond to treatment . if your inflorescence is not well controlled , your doctor may decide to give you a second course of treatment 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - side effects related to chemotherapy . side effects associated with mvasi : - allergic reactions . if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . this may include difficulty in breathing , chest pain , redness and flushing of the skin , rash , chills and shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ). other side effects that may occur during treatment , such as blurred vision , cough , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach pain . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease
what mvasi contains - the active substance is bevacizumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 100 mg of bevaizum ( as monohydrate ). each ml of solution contains 250 mg bevacuzumabu . after reconstitution , 1 . 5 mmol / 0 . 4 mL solution contains 750 mg of the active ingredient . the other ingredients are trehalose dihydrate , sodium phosphate , polysorbate 20 and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given a vasodilatation is a clear , colourless solution for injection in a glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and a plastic flip - off cap . - each vial contains 500 mg ( 25 mg ) be
tecartus is a type of medicine known as gene therapy . it is used for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma in adults , adolescents and children ( aged 1 year and above ) with : - a disease affecting a certain type of white blood cells called ' autologous anti- cd19 - transduced 'cd3 + cells . - this disease is caused by a defect in a gene called ccl2 , which is found in the blood of some types of cancer cells , called b - lymphocytes . this disease causes the body to produce a protein called tyrosine kinase ( tnf ), which is involved in the growth of new blood cells and causes them to die . by blocking the gene , this medicine reduces the number of these cells in your
do not use tecartus : - if you are allergic to escherichia coli or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . white blood cells are important for the treatment of chemotherapy . it is important that you keep these cells in a safe place and keep them out of the sight and reach of children . this is especially important if , during treatment , you have an autologous use procedure . your doctor will carry out tests to check your lungs , heart , kidney , blood pressure , and any signs of infection or inflammation of your cancer . - you have graft - against - host disease ( a type of transplant that is transplanted into your body ). - there is a risk that you develop a 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much tecartus you will be given the amount of white blood cells ( your cells ) will be collected and given to you by a healthcare professional as a drip into a vein ( known as leukapheresis ). the amount you will receive is based on your body weight . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml per kg of body weight given every other week . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if your white cells do not respond well to chemotherapy , your doctor may reduce the dose of modified white cells in your body . this will help to reduce your fever . you may be given paracetamol , an antihistamine or diphenhydramine before you are given
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fever , chills , reduced blood pressure , dizziness and lightheadedness . these may be symptoms of fluid build - up in the lungs ( cytokine release syndrome ). loss of consciousness ( decreased level of consciousness ), confusion , memory loss , disturbances of brain function , difficulty speaking , slurred speech , involuntary shaking and tremor . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). do not freeze . tecartus is for single use only . it can be stored at room temperature ( below 25 ) for up to 24 hours at 2 to 8 . keep the reconstituted product in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the liquid nitrogen contained in the concentrate should be used immediately . this medicine should not be used if blood cells are not being able to tolerate the treatment .
what remdesivir contains - the active substance is autologous anti - cd19 - transduced ccd3 + cells . each infusion contains 1 , 000 iu / ml , corresponding to a concentration of 0 . 5 x 106 / kg . the other ingredients are sodium chloride , human albumin , and water for injections . see section 2 for further information on the contents of the pack . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin , which belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - four inhibitors ). this medicine is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus , a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . this medicine works by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help control your blood sugar more easily . if you do not respond well enough to the insulin that your body makes , it may not work as well as it should . it may also be used alone , or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar ( such as metformin ), sulphonylureas or glitazones . these medicines help your body to increase the
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . this medicine may increase the risk of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatic titis ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . before starting treatment , your skin should be cleaned with a mild soap and water . do not use this medicine to treat bullous pemphigoid . your doctor will monitor you closely during treatment . if this happens , you should stop taking this medicinal product immediately and contact a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . talk to the doctor or nurse if : you have or have had a problem with your liver . you have ever had pan
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one film - coated tablet once a day by mouth . patients with kidney problems the usual starting dose of januvia is 1 mg / m2 body surface area once daily . your doctor may increase the dose to 1 mg once daily depending on your condition and on how you respond to treatment . if your kidney problems do not improve or get worse , your doctor will prescribe a lower dose . how to take swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew or crush the tablet . you can take the tablet with or without food . it is important that you continue to follow the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this is to reduce the risk of your blood sugar getting too low . talk to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking januvia and contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which may reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatictitis ). a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ) with symptoms such as rash , hives , blisters on the skin , peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal ( belly ) pain , pain in your back , nausea , vomiting and in
what januvia contains - the active substance is sitagliptin . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains : - 1 mg of sitaglitin phosphate monohydrate equivalent to 0 . 5 mg of the active ingredient . - 2 mg of janus : the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), calcium hydrogen phospho , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate and sodium stearyl fumarate . film coating : poly ( vinyl alcohol ), macrogol 3350 , titanium dioxide , red iron oxide and yellow iron oxide , indigo carmine aluminium lake , carnauba wax , white to off - white , oval tablets , debossed with " gsi " on one side and plain on the other side
xultophy contains the active substance liraglutide which belongs to a group of medicines called " blood glucose lowering medicines ". it is used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus , a disease where your body does not make enough insulin to control the level of sugar in your blood . this medicine works by helping your body make better use of the insulin it produces . it helps your body to increase the production of insulin when your blood sugar is high . if you are using insulin degludec or a basal insulin , your doctor may tell you to use a lower or higher dose of this medicine ( called a ' low - sugar diet ') or if your blood glucose is not being controlled by diet and exercise alone . your doctor will tell you if this medicine is suitable for you . you may also be given other medicines to treat diabetes ( such as metformin
do not use xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin degludec , liraglutide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to a sulfonylurea such as glimepiride or glibenclamide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will check your blood sugar levels regularly during treatment with this medicine and may adjust your dose if necessary . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . do not change the dose of your medicine unless your doctor tells you to . it is important that you continue to follow the advice about diet and exercise that your doctor has given you . you should not take this medicine to treat type 1 diabetes mellitus or ketoacidosis while you are taking 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use adults ( including the elderly ) the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . you can use xultophy at any time of the day , with or without food . it is important that you do this because you are blind or have poor eyesight and your blood sugar is not controlled by the insulin degludec or liraglutide . your doctor will tell you how much and how often you should use . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if your doctor thinks you may have missed a dose , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . take the medicine pack with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . taking this medicine you will find this leaflet with you 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are low blood sugar . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if your blood sugar level gets low you may pass out and become unconscious . hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . if you have low blood glucose , you must talk to a doctor straight away . your doctor will tell you how to deal with this . it is important that you continue to follow any diet and exercise recommended by your doctor while you are taking this medicine , even when you are still recovering from your symptoms or if they get worse . in some cases , patients who have been treated with this medicine may have symptoms of low sugar ( hypogycaemia ). if any of these symptoms occur , stop taking the medicine and talk to your doctor
what neparvis contains - the active substances are insulin degludec and liraglutide . each ml of solution contains 100 units of insulin degdec ( equivalent to 300 units ) or 240 units of the other active substances . - each pre - filled syringe contains 1 . 5 micrograms or 1 milligrams of ligalutide in 0 . 25 mL solution . the other ingredients are glycerol , phenol , zinc acetate , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide , and water for injections . what riocta looks like and contents of the pack the solution is clear to slightly opalescent and colourless to slightly yellow . pack sizes of 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 10 , 20 ,
giotrif contains the active substance afatinib , which is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to a specific target substance in the body . this protein is found in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells . it is used to treat adult patients with advanced non - small cell lung cancer that has not responded to treatment prior to chemotherapy .
do not take giotrif if you are allergic to afatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have a very low body weight you have kidney problems . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose if this applies to you . you have serious side effects , such as lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease ). you have severe liver problems you have been told that your liver is not working properly before you start treatment with this medicine and you will have liver tests before and during treatment . this is to check that you have moderate or severe liver disease you have eye problems such as dry eyes , inflammation of the eyelids , eye pain , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or other parts of the body . if any
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take giotrif with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . do not take more than one tablet each day because you may have difficulties swallowing the tablet . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . how long to take take the tablet take a tablet once daily by mouth and swallow it whole . it is important to keep following your doctor ' s instructions , even if they seem to be too strong or too weak . this is to stop your cancer growing 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : diarrhoea : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) if you have severe or persistent , severe di arrhorea ( severe fluid loss due to reduced kidney function ) your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . if your diar rheuma does not improve or get worse , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your antidiarrheal treatment , if necessary . prior to taking giotrif : you may develop skin rash . this rash is usually mild to moderate and usually goes away within a few days . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for
what giotrif contains - the active substance is afatinib . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg , 300 mg or 500 mg of a fatinibid . - other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , crospovidone ( type a ), magnesium stearate . the tablet coating contains hypromellose , macrogol 400 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), polysorbate 80 , and water for injections . see section 2 under ' important information about the contents of the pack ' for further information on the use of this medicine . not all pack sizes may be marketed . your doctor will prescribe the pack size that is best for you .
orkambi contains two active substances , lumacaftor and ivacaftreor . these belong to a group of medicines called ' cystic fibrosis inhibitors '. they work together to treat cf in adults and children aged 6 years and older with a form of cystic fistula , which causes your lungs to work more normally . this helps your abnormal protein to work better normally , and allows your lung function to increase . they also help your body to gain weight .
do not take orkambi : - if you are allergic to lumacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking any medicine , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine based on your response to the treatment . you should not take this medicine with any medicine you are taking . take special care with this medicine ask your doctor for advice if : you have liver or kidney disease you have been treated with other medicines for your kidney before you start treatment with this medicinal product . before starting treatment , your doctor will perform blood tests to check that your liver is working properly . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of orkambi is one tablet in the evening . you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if your liver is not working properly , your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose . the recommended daily dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should take , depending on how you respond to the treatment . depending on the severity of your liver , the usual dose is 1 . 25 mg once daily . take the tablet at about the same time each day , preferably in the morning and 1 or 2 tablets in the afternoon . this will help you to remember to take your tablets . swallow the tablets whole
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported in patients taking orkambi in combination with ivacaftor . in a clinical study in adults , the side effects were similar to those seen with other similar medicines : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood . this could lead to liver injury . if you have liver disease , your doctor may reduce your liver function . uncommon ( may effect upto 1 in 100 people ), the following serious side effects may occur : pain or discomfort in the stomach ( abdominal ) and yellowing of the skin and / or eyes . rare ( may impact up to one in 1 , 000 people ). if any of these effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . side effects reported since the launch of 
what orkambi contains - the active substances are lumacaftor and ivacaftreor . - one film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 200 mg of lum acaffetor , corresponding to 500 mg / 850 mg of the active substance . the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline ( e460i ), croscarmellose sodium ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of these ingredients '), hypromellose acetate succinate ( type a ), povidone ( k25 ), sodium laurilsulfate ( s ) and magnesium stearate . tablet coating : the active ingredients in the film coating are polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ), titanium dioxide , macrogol 3350 , and brilliant blue , with " 
lynparza contains the active substance olaparib , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokine receptor antagonists . - olarib is a type of cancer medicine called a parp inhibitor ( a polymerase inhibitor ). it is used to treat advanced breast cancer in adult patients whose cancer cannot be adequately controlled with other medicines , such as chemotherapy or other therapies to repair dna . by blocking these receptors the cancer cells produce a protein called ' parp '. this protein helps to stop the growth of the cancer and to slow down the progression of the disease . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these medicines so that you can easily describe what you have been given them . what is parp is used for the treatment of advanced ovarian cancer in adults whose disease has not responded to previous treatments , including platinum 
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to olaparib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will check your blood cell counts before you start treatment with this medicine and will regularly check your counts . this is to make sure that you have enough red or white blood cells and to increase your platelet counts during treatment . you should not receive this medicine in combination with other medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . side effects that may occur during treatment include fever , infection , bruising or bleeding in the bone marrow ( myelodysplastic syndrome ( mds ), myeloid leukaemia ( aml ), shortness of breath , coughing up blood ,
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of lynparza is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . you can take your tablet with or without food . if necessary , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . take the tablet at about the same time each day , preferably in the morning and evening . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take . this will depend on how your body responds to the treatment . the tablets should be swallowed whole with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you continue to take your tablets until your doctor tells you otherwise . to reduce the risk of side effects , you should continue taking 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling short of breath , feeling very tired , having pale skin and fast heart beat ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may effect up to 1 in 100 people ). allergic reactions , including hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( hypersensitivity reactions ). the following side effects have been reported : very common : may affect less than 1 user in 10 , 000 : feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling tired or weak ( fatigue ) feeling bloated ( flatulence ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , constipation , vomiting , being short - of stools ( urticaria ), rash , itching 
what lynparza contains - the active substance is olaparib . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of olarib ( as lauroyl macrogol - 32 glycerides ), hypromellose , titanium dioxide , potassium acetate , iron oxide black ( e172 ). - printing ink : shellac , indigo carmine aluminium lake , talc . what the tablet looks like and contents of the pack the tablet is a white to off - white , oval - shaped tablet , debossed with " gsi " on one side . the tablet can be divided into two equal doses , each containing 2 . 5 mm in diameter , with a score line . - each pack contains 1 bottle of 30 tablets . not all pack
nyxoid contains the active substance naloxone which belongs to a group of medicines called opioids , such as methadone , fentanyl ( a substance found in the body called oxycodone ), buprenorphine and morphine . the opioids that come with this medicine help to control the level of opioid overdose . opioids are substances that come and go in different forms , but they can also be used for other conditions , including : breathing problems and sleepiness at the beginning of the day , and can be seen in the evening when you wake up . this medicine is used in adult patients who need emergency medical care if they have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you .
do not use nyxoid : - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . your doctor will supervise your emergency medical care , including emergency services , during treatment with opioid overdose . you should tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . if the above applies to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to the doctor or nurse before using the nasal spray . it is important that you follow all instructions given to you by your doctor so that you can easily describe what you have been given . talk to you doctor , pharmacist , or nurse about the use of this product . do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it is not known how well it works in this age group .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose of nyxoid is one inhalation twice a day in the morning and evening . your doctor will tell you exactly how many capsules to use and how often you should use them . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use the capsules at the same time each day . you can use them at any time of the day to help you remember to use it . it is important that you do not touch or sound the entire amount of medicine in your mouth or ears . this will help you to remember to take the medicine . if this happens , remove the capsule from the blister and put it back in the refrigerator immediately . remove the cap from the bottle . gently press the capsule against the breastbone and stern
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . withdrawal symptoms may occur at the start of treatment with opioid drugs . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : fast heart rate , high blood pressure , body aches , stomach cramps , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , goose bumps shivering or trembling , changes in behaviour , violent behaviour and nervousness . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , drowsiness ( insomnia ), difficulty sleeping , headache , nausea , constipation
what naloxone krka contains - the active substance is : - 1 ml of solution for injection contains 20 mg of neloxone ( as hydrochloride dihydrate ). the other ingredients are trisodium citrate dihydrate ( see section 2 under ' sodium chloride '), water for injections , sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and purified water . what you need to know before you are given a solution of this medicine , talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you do not feel better . - each pre - filled syringe contains 0 . 5 mg or 1 . 2 mg . it is available in packs containing 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 or 10 pre . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
ovaleap contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which belongs to a group of medicines called oestrogens . it works by helping your ovaries produce more eggs and sperm . this medicine is also known as clomifene citrate , a medicine that is used in women who are pregnant . the active ingredient in ovale ap is a lu / gonadotropin - derived hormone .
do not use ovaleap : - if you are allergic to follitropin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have a tumour in the hypothalamus , pituitary gland ( part of the brain ), or in the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ). you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . you have cancer of the ovary or breasts . if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . your normal pregnancy impossible will not be possible , and you may not be able to have ovulation . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years of age .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how ovaleap is given the usual injection is into the tissue just under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). it is given as an injection within the first 7 days of your menstrual cycle . your doctor will test your hcg to make sure that you are getting the right dose . if your doctor thinks you may need a higher dose , you may ask your doctor for advice . the usual starting dose is 0 . 5 mg / m2 of body surface area per day for the first seven days of the cycle , followed by an interval of at least 4 weeks . this is called a ' cycle '. a cycle consists of two cycles , each containing 3 cycles . each cycle lasts for 7 days . you will be given
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions , such as skin rash or raised itchy skin , have been reported in patients taking ovaleap . signs of allergic reactions include weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . other possible side effects include : stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , ovarian hyper - stimulation stimulation syndrome ( ohss ) ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). other side effects are listed below . very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 ): feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting
what ovaleap contains - the active substance is follitropin alfa . each vial of powder for solution for injection contains 50 micrograms / 0 . 5 ml . - each sachet of powder contains 100 iu / 1 , 000 international units ( ili ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . the powder is white to off - white . after reconstitution , the solution is clear and colourless and free from particles . when prepared in a pre - filled syringe , it is a clear , colourless solution . it is available in packs containing 1 or 5 single - use vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
voriconazole accord contains the active substance vorikonazole which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . voricole accord is an antifungal medicine used to treat infections in adults and children from the age of 2 years with invasive aspergillosis ( a type of fungal infection caused by candidaemia ) and candida sp . infections in non - neutropenic patients whose white blood cells count is too low ( low ) for their age group when they are not adequately controlled with another medicine , fluconazoles . this medicine is also used for the treatment of serious fungal infections caused by the invasive fusarium fungus in the bone marrow .
do not take voriconazole accord - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if any of these apply to you . the following medicines may be considered to be suitable for you : terfenadine ( used to treat allergy symptoms ) astemizole ( a mild allergy to cisapride ) - any stomach problems - pimozide ( used for treating mental illness ) 43 - quinidine ( used in some patients with irregular heart beat ) 36 rifampicin ( for treating tuberculosis ) and efavirenz ( medicines to treat hiv ) carbamazepine ( used as a treatment for depression and anxiety ) carnauba wax (
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . you should swallow your tablet with a glass of water . do not take voriconazole accord with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . this medicine is for oral use . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . if your infection is severe ( cirrhosis ), your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . adults and adolescents ( 12 to 14 years of age ) weighing at least 30 kg : the usual dose for children and adolescents is 10 mg / kg . for children ( 6 to 17 years ) and adolescents weighing less than 30 kg the usual starting dose is 20 mg ( one tablet per day ). for children weighing 30 kg or more , the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with voriconazole : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , jaundice , changes in blood tests of liver function , pancreatitis . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : visual impairment ( change in vision ), blurred vision , visual color alterations , abnormal intolerance to visual perception of light , colour blindness , eye disorder , halo vision / night blindness and swinging vision . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaf
what voriconazole accord contains - the active substance is vorikonazole . each film - coated tablet contains 25 mg of voricanazole ( as voricose monohydrate ). - each tablet contains 150 mg of , 200 mg , 300 mg or 500 mg of gelatin . the other ingredients are : tablet core : pregelatinised starch , croscarmellose sodium , povidone , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) talc . printing ink : shellac , lactose Monohydrate , triacetin and indigo carmine aluminium lake . see section 2 . what voricole accord looks like and contents of the pack voricônele accord is a white to off - white 
mvabea is a vaccine used to protect against ebola virus disease in the future . it will not protect you against the h5n1 , h1n1 or h3n1 viruses . vaccinations are not recommended for adults , adolescents , children and infants from 6 months to less than 18 years of age due to a weakened immune system ( e . g . filovirus ). when a person is given the vaccine , the body ' s natural defence system ( immune system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the virus . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause the underlying virus to become active again . the vaccine targets two different types of filo virus : - a type of the virus that causes the hepatitis b virus ( hbv ) - another type
do not receive mvabea : - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . - in case of an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . in case you have had a serious allergic reaction to an antibiotic ( gentamicin ) contained in the vaccine ( see section 4 , contents of the pack and other information ). in the first few weeks after the first dose of the vaccine , it is possible that you may not be fully protected against the effects of this medicine . you should be aware of the early signs of allergic reaction after receiving the vaccine injection . fainted at the time of the injection because of the increased risk of bleeding or bruise easily . currently have a fever or an infection . your immune system may need to be
mvabea will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . the vaccine will be injected into a muscle ( usually in the upper arm or thigh ) or in a blood vessel . for the second vaccination , you will receive a zabdeno vaccine and a second vaccination 8 weeks later . your doctor will tell you when you need to have your first dose . if you miss a dose , make another appointment as soon as possible . do not take a double dose ( two doses at the same time ) to make up for a forgotten dose ( see section 2 under ' when to go back to your doctor '). if your second dose is due within 8 weeks of the first dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) your doctor may decide to give you a third dose ( 2 doses later ) after the second dose ( 3
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this vaccine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , warmth , swelling , feeling tired , muscle ache or joint pain being sick ( vomiting ) itching uncommon side effects that may affect up to 1 in 100 people : redness , skin hardness and itching . other side effects not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): pain in the abdomen , stomach ache , bloating , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , pain in your stomach , weight loss , abdominal ( belly ) or intestines . reporting of side effects 39 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes
what remdesivir contains - the active substance is gentamicin , sodium chloride , trometamol , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections ( see section 2 under ' rms contains trace residues '). - each vial contains 0 . 5 ml of solution , corresponding to a concentration of  106 g / dl . - after reconstitution , the solution is clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow , and free from visible particles . the solvent is a clear colourless solution for injection in a pre - filled syringe with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap .
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used to treat adults with advanced breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called bone " metastases "). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps your bone to heal after you have had surgery or radiotherapy . a tumour is a substance that is lost from your bones . this can make your bones weaker .
do not take bondronat : - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . this medicine may cause a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( also known as bone damage in the jaw ). before starting treatment , tell your dentist that you have had or are about to have a painful condition , known as osteonencrosus of your jaw , mouth or teeth , poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction . you should have your dental check at regular intervals during treatment . your doctor may recommend a dental check up during treatment to check that you are having dental problems . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below 18 years of age .
your treatment with bondronat will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of cancer . it will be determined by your doctor based on your general condition and the results of your blood tests . your doctor will decide the dose you should receive . the usual dose is 0 . 5 mg / kg of body weight given as an infusion into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose to 1 . 0 mg per kg body weight , given as 3 - 4 hours . you will be given one infusion ( drip ) into your vein over a period of at least 30 minutes . this will take about 30 minutes and will normally take at least 15 minutes , depending on how you respond to treatment . how long will you be treated for your cancer ? your doctor or nurse
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) eye pain inflammation pain , weakness or discomfort in the thigh , hip or groin . these may be signs of a possible serious fracture of the talc bone . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : pain or sore in the mouth or jaw , which may be a sign of serious jaw problems ( necrosis ( dead bone tissue ) in the jaw . other side effects include : very common : may affect more than 1 in10 people : headache , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , rash , itching , redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips ,
what ibandronic acid a concentrate for solution for infusion contains - each ml of concentrate contains 20 mg / 0 . 25 mbq of i bandronic acids . - the other ingredients are sodium monohydrate , sodium chloride , acetic acid , and sodium acetate . what you need to know before you are given this medicine , you will need to read the package leaflets for the other medicines you are using , so you can easily find them in the section under ' ibvius contains bromobutyl ' ( see section 2 ' important information about the contents of the pack ') - pack size of 1 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 60 , 90 or 100 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
zeposia contains the active substance human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( rviii ) and belongs to a group of medicines known as cytokines . in people with this disease , white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) start growing out of control . by blocking the activity of these cells , the medicine can reduce the number of rioctocog alfa - 2 , 3 and 4 , and this can lead to an increase in a type of white blood cell called t cells . zeposa is used to treat adults with multiple sclerosis ( ms ), an active disease in which the immune system attacks the nerves in the brain and spinal cord . these nerves can cause symptoms such as numbness , difficulty in walking , problems with vision and balance . when used regularly , these symptoms can
do not take zeposia : - if you are allergic to ozanimod or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have a weakened immune system you have had a heart attack ( angina ), stroke ( mini - stroke ), ischemic attack ( tia ), heart failure in the last 6 months you have irregular or abnormal heartbeats ( arrhythmia of the heart ). you have an active infection ( hepatitis ), tuberculosis or cancer . you have liver problems . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine and check your liver function . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of zeposia is one tablet once a day for the first 14 days of treatment . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . do not chew , crush or split the tablet before swallowing . if your heart is not working properly , your doctor may recommend you to take ozanimod 1 hour before or 2 hours after your meal . you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . it is recommended that you take a tablet or two tablets at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . take the tablet with food or between meals . swallow
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - problems with your heart ( urinary tract infection ) - allergic reaction ( rash ) side effects other side effects may include : common : may affect up to 1 in10 people - infections of the nose , nostrils , nasal cavity , mouth or throat ( pharynx ), viruses , white blood cells , a type of white blood cell ( nasopharyngitis ) or neisseria - these may be signs of a serious infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ), which may be life - threatening . common 
what zeposia contains - the active substance is ozanimod . - each capsule contains 0 . 5 mg , 5 mg or 10 mg of oznimod ( as hydrochloride ). - one capsule inhalation contains 400 mg / ml of zeposa . each hard capsule contains 500 mg - 1 mg ozuronimod (as hydro chloride ) - two hard capsules inhalations : one capsule contains 600 mg  1 mg ( 20 mg ), 20 mg ( 30 mg ) or 40 mg ( 40 mg ). the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , silica , colloidal anhydrous , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate . the capsule shell contains gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), yellow iron oxide ( k25
temybric ellipta contains three active substances : fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . the active substances in this medicine work together by interfering with the natural working of the muscles in your airways , making it easier for air to get in and out of the sight and reach of children . fluticasome furoates belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids ( also known as steroids ). umeklidinium brmide is an anti - inflammatory medicine that lowers the level of carbon dioxide ( e 132 ) in your blood . it also slows down the rate at which your breath is being pumped around . this makes breathing difficult . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you because you have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). copd is 
do not use temybric ellipta : - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will check whether this medicine is working for you and will decide if it is suitable for you . if this applies to you , tell your doctor straight away . do not try to use this medicine to treat asthma . take special care with this medicine your doctor may need to adjust the dose of this product if necessary . this medicine should not be used in patients with long - standing heart problems , such as high blood pressure , liver problems . tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or other serious
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use temybric ellipta every day for as long as prescribed . if your symptoms do not improve or get worse , contact your doctor immediately . this is to prevent a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . in this attack , you should use a quick - acting reliever inhaler ( such as salbutamol ). it does not matter whether you use it every day or not . it is important that you use this product every day , as instructed by your doctor 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious breathing difficulties if your breathing or wheezing gets worse straight after using this medicine , stop using it and tell your doctor straight away . pneumonia ( infection of the lung ) in copd patients is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people taking temybric ellipta . signs of lung infection include fever and chills , increase in mucus production , change in mucope colour , cough , and breathing difficulties ( see section 2 ). other side effects very common : may affect more than 1in 10 people feeling sore , itchy , or painful urination . these may be signs of a lung infection such as fever or chills which may be accompanied by a decrease in mucous colour . cough if you have
what temybric ellipta contains the active substances are fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 0 . 5 micrograms ( corresponding to a concentration of 1 . 25 milligrams / ml ). the other ingredients are : in the powder : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' what you need to know before you use this medicine '), there are two strengths of :  the other ingredient is : poly ( vinyl alcohol ) ( e1203 ), thel alcohol - derived trifenatate , magnesium stearate and water for injections .  each pack contains one inhaler . the other inhal
zinforo is an antibiotic medicine that contains two active substances : ceftaroline fosamil and cephalosporin antibiotics . these are medicines that stop the growth of bacteria that cause infections . the active substances of zin foro are : - the active substance is epoetin , a type of white blood cell that fights infections of the skin and tissues below the skin . - if you have an infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) that does not respond well enough , you may not be able to take the medicine for a long time . your doctor will tell you how long you should be treated with  Zinforo . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other antibiotics that are used in combination with this medicine . you should also be given other medicines to help prevent infections from coming back .
do not take zinforo if you are allergic to ceftaroline fosamil or cephalosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . allergic reactions to antibiotics , such as penicillin or carbapenem , have been reported in patients taking zin foro . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this age group . other medicines , which may interact with this medicine or other medicines can affect the way some other antibiotics work . in particular , you should not take these medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . tell the doctor or nurse immediately , if
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of zinforo is one tablet once a day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how often you should take them . the tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . it is important that you take this dose as instructed by your doctor . this will help you to remember to take it . if your doctor thinks that you may have missed a dose , tell your doctor as soon as possible . for minor skin infections , the dose may be increased to a maximum of 5 to 10 mg per kg of body weight , given every 5 to 7 days . pneumonia if
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue , rash , swallowing or breathing problems . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and diarrhoea . zinforo may cause your bowel problems to get worse . your doctor may do a blood test ( coombs test ) to check that your antibiotic is working properly . fever , headache , feeling dizzy , itching , pain in the back of your stomach ( abdominal ) pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects listed above . other side effects
what remdesivir contains - the active substance is ceftaroline fosamil . - each ml contains 0 . 5 mg of arginine , corresponding to a concentration of 1 . 3 mg / m2 of the recombinant dna technology . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' remedylse '), talc , and water for injections . what retina looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow solution for injection in a pre - filled syringe . it is available in packs containing 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 or 12 pre  2 . not all pack sizes may be marketed
pregabalin pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults , adolescents and children with moderate to severe peripheral nuropathic pain in adults who are already taking other medicines for their diabetes or shingles . these medicines can cause pain sensations such as burning , shooting , stabbing , sharp , cramping or aching , or tingling , and numbness . pins and needles may also be seen in some patients with peripheral pain , mood changes and mood changes .
do not take pregabalin pfizer : - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . you should tell your doctor or nurse if any of these apply to you . take special care with this medicine the first few hours after taking pregabaltin . the first signs of an allergic reaction may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as a skin rash . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . other medicines : tell your physician or nurse about any other medicines you are taking , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines can cause dizziness and somnolence , which may increase the risk of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . pregabalin pfizer is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . for neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : the usual starting dose is to be taken once a day at about the same time each day . your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 50 mg each day depending on how you respond to the treatment . the maximum dose is one 150 mg capsule in the morning and one 300 mg tablet in the evening . in some cases ( e . g ., a glass of grapefruit juice ). for patients who weigh at least 40 kg , the usual dose is two 300 mg capsules in the afternoon and one 200 mg capsule ( corresponding to 50 mg ) in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common : increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest and irritability . disturbance in attention . clumsiness and memory impairment . loss of memory . unusual tremor . difficulty with speaking . uncommon : tingling feeling or numbness . lethargy . insomnia , fatigue . low blood sugar . increase in liver enzymes . decrease in the number of red blood cells , which may increase the risk of developing depression and anxiety . increased sex drive , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . depression .
what pregabalin accord contains - the active substance is gabalin . each hard capsule contains either 50 mg , 75 mg  or 100 mg of pregalin ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are : capsule content : lactose monohydrate , gelatine , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), sodium laurilsulphate , anhydrous colloidal silica . capsule shell : shellac , black ink : black iron oxide [ e172 ], propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide , red iron oxide , indigo carmine aluminium lake [ 5 mg ] and carnauba wax . - hard capsules : white opaque , hard gelatin capsules with " 5 mg " printed on one side and plain on the other side . the capsules are available in blister packs
xadago contains the active substance safinamide . it stimulates dopamine receptors in the brain , which are involved in the movement of nerve impulses . these neurotransmitters play an important role in the transmission of nerve signals important in the development of new neural pathways . by blocking these pathways , the brain produces more messages than usual . this results in a reduction in the symptoms of parkinson ' s disease . the effects are similar to those observed with other medicines used to treat parkinsons disease , such as sudden seizures ( not being able to move ) or difficulties moving . if you do not respond well enough or you have difficulty moving , you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as you may be at increased risk of having another problem with your movement . your doctor has prescribed this medicine in combination with levodopa to treat
do not take xadago : - if you are allergic to safinamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to other monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors such as selegiline , rasagiline ( moclobemide ), phenelzine , isocarboxazid , tranylcypromine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and depression ) pethidine ( a medicine used to relieve pain ) when you are taking this medicine , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take this medicine and while you are being treated with this medicine or while taking it . you should not take mao inhibitors ( e . g . pentamidine ) 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take xadago with or without food . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose to a maximum of one tablet per day . do not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to take . patients with reduced liver function should take the tablets at the same time each day , as long as they continue to take the medicine . if your blood pressure is too low , your doctor will prescribe the lowest dose that will benefit you most . symptoms of low blood pressure include : anxiety , confusion , forgetfulness , sleepiness , lightheadedness , feel sick or are sick , or have dilated pupils or pupils ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypertensive crisis ( high blood pressure ) may lead to collapse ( neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). symptoms include : confusion , excessive sweating , muscle rigidity ( hyperthermia ), increase level of enzyme creatine kinase ( serotonin syndrome ), confusion ( hypertension ), muscle stiffness , hallucinations , hypotension . the following side effects have been reported with parkinson ' s disease : safinamide and levodopa . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness . uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people : increase in the level of a protein in the blood ( e . g . increase in creatinine 
what xadago contains - the active substance is safinamide . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of ssafirinamide ( as methansulfonate ). - other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone , magnesium stearate and silica colloidal anhydrous - tablet coating . - coating material : hypromellose , macrogol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide yellow , indigo carmine aluminium lake , carnauba wax and talc . see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine ' for further information on the contents of the pack '. ' x ' is available in blister packs containing 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 90
zytiga contains the active substance abiraterone acetate . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body ( metastasised ) by lowering the amount of testosterone in your blood . this medicine is used in combination with androgen deprivation therapy ( prednisone , or pdnisolone ) to treat high blood pressure in adult men , a condition known as fluid retention .
do not take zytiga : - if you are allergic to abiraterone acetate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - you must not become pregnant while taking this medicinal product . do not breast - feed while you are taking this product , as it may cause serious harm to your unborn baby . you must tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have liver damage , prostate cancer or any other liver problems , including high blood pressure and heart failure , low blood potassium , or low potassium in your blood , you have heart rhythm problems or heart problems . your doctor will check your blood potassium regularly , to make sure that you are getting the best results for your health . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of zytiga is one tablet a day by mouth . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . take the tablet at the same time each day . you can take the tablets with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same times every day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . the tablets should be swallowed whole . if possible , show the doctor the pack , or this leaflet . prednisone : the usual starting dose is one 200 mg tablet once a week . taking this medicine swallow the tablets whole with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking zytiga and contact a doctor immediately if you experience : - muscle weakness , muscle twitches , pounding heart beat or palpitations . - a low level of potassium in your blood is low . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fluid in your legs or feet - low blood potassium - reduced liver function - abnormal blood test results , which may be signs of a kidney problem . tell your doctor if any of the side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days . other side effects include : common : may affect up to 1 in10 people - increased levels of uric acid in the blood - decreased levels of creatinine in the
what zytiga contains - the active substance is abiraterone acetate . each tablet contains 200 mg of the active ingredient . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , povidone , colloidal anhydrous silica , sodium laurilsulfate , and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given zetiga if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , a medicine that acts on your body ' s immune ( defence ) system . it is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric plaque psoriasis , paediatri crohn  s disease and , in children and adolescents ( from 2 years of age ), paediatrytric non - infectious uveitis the active ingredient in the medicine is a human monoclonal antibody , which recognises and binds to a specific target in the body . monoclonous antibodies are proteins that attach to specific targets in the bodies . adealimUMab attaches to an anti - viral substance called tnf
do not use hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : - you have a severe infection , including tuberculosis or sepsis ( blood poisoning ). these infections are very common ( they can affect more than 1 in 10 people ). tell your doctor or nurse straight away if any of these apply to you . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you are being treated . in some cases , these infections may be serious and include fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . - heart failure - this is because this medicine is not recommended in such a case , but it should not be given to patients with
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . hefiya is for use in adults aged 18 and over . your doctor will determine the type of arthritis you need and how often you should use it . the recommended dose is one 5 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection under your skin ) using a pre - filled syringe ( 0 . 5 ml ). your doctor may adjust the dose , depending on the severity of the disease . patients with idiopathic arthritis the usual starting dose for adults with plaque psoriasis , crohn ' s disease or uveitis is 40 mg once a day . for children and adolescents weighing 30 kg or more , the recommended starting dose is 20 mg once daily . after that , you will receive a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) side effects allergic reaction heart failure rash , hives swollen face , hands , feet trouble breathing , swallowing shortness of breath , swelling of the feet signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds dental problems burning on urination , itching , redness of the skin , skin peeling , burning sensation , pain in the joints , muscle spasms , joint pain , back pain . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): hepatitis b ( thrombocytopenia ) signs of a heart attack such as heart failure such as rash and / or
what adipic acid contains - the active substance is adalimumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 2 . 5 mg / ml of solution for injection , corresponding to a concentration of 0 . 25 mg aad .  the other ingredients are :  reassortant phosphate ( see section 2 ),  citric acid monohydrate , sodium chloride , and mannitol ( e421 ), polysorbate 80 , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide . what eagle looks like and contents of the pack the solution is clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellowish . it is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a finger flange . the vial adapter
ritemvia contains the active substance rituximab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . ritsima is a type of protein called a cytokine receptor antagonist . it sticks to the surface of granulomatosis cells called polyangiitis and stimulates the lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) to grow and divide . by blocking this protein , ritzimvia reduces the activity of the disease and improves the symptoms of your disease . this medicine is used in adults and children aged 2 years and above , who have not received previous chemotherapy , and whose disease has not responded to previous chemotherapy treatment . in adults with chronic polyosis , patients have a genetically modified organism ( gmos ) that produce a protein called epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( eg
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking reitmvia and during treatment if : you have a severe active infection , including active heart failure . you have uncontrolled heart disease , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyesteraniitis or pemphigus vulgaris . your doctor will check you for signs of hepatitis infection before you start remvia treatment . before starting treatment , tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . if your hla - b infection is not well controlled , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . this is because in some cases 
ritemvia will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given a single intravenous infusion ( a drip ) over a period of one or two hours . if you are having non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma , you will receive a second course of chemotherapy . your doctor will monitor you closely during and after your treatment , and will adjust your dose if necessary . how much and how often you will usually receive your treatment depending on how you respond to the medicine , your doctor may decide to give you a higher or lower dose . patients with chronic granulomatosis with polyangiitis and microscopic polyangitis the recommended starting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may experience fever , chills and shivering . you may also experience pain at the infuse site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat discomfort , tongue or throat pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects have been serious . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , abdominal pain
what ruxience contains - the active substance is rituximab . each ml of concentrate contains 10 mg of ritsimabu . - each vial of 5ml concentrate contains 20 mg / 0 . 5 mbq ( corresponding to a concentration of 10 mg ). - after reconstitution , the solution contains 25 mg , 50 mg or 100 mg . the other ingredients are sodium chloride , tri - sodium citrate dihydrate , polysorbate 20 and water for injections . what remsa looks like and contents of the pack the concentrate for solution for infusion is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow liquid . it is available in packs containing 1 glass vial with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and a plastic flip - off cap 
capecitabine teva belongs to a group of medicines called cytostatic medicines . it is used to treat cancer in adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above . capecitebine trajectory is a type of medicine known as a " monoclonal antibody ". it works by attaching itself to the surface of the cancer cells and slowing down the rate of growth of the tumour . by attachment to the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egfr ) it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that are used in your country . this includes : - colon , rectal , breast cancers . - metastatic colon cancer , after complete removal of the tumor by surgery , has been shown to slow or stop the development of the new tumour after it has spread to other parts of the body . how cap
do not take capecitabine teva : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . you must tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have ever had an allergy to fluoropyrimidine ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), you are pregnant or breast - feeding you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in your blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) you have severe liver or kidney problems , you have problems with your kidney . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you are being treated . - you are taking medicines known to cause a low level of the enzyme dihydropyr
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine teva should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take each day . the usual dose is one tablet ( 500 mg ) twice a day based on your height and weight ( body surface area ). the tablets should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush , or split the tablet . take the tablet at the same time every day , with or without food . you should swallow the tablet whole . if possible , show it to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much to take the usual starting dose is 1 tablet of 150 mg , 2 tablets of 200 mg and 3 tablets of 250 mg twice daily .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine stomatitis and contact your doctor immediately if you experience diarrhoea ( increased bowel movements than usual ) or at night . vomiting : you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . nausea : - you lose your appetite . - alopecia : this can cause pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth or throat . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . tell your doctor as soon as possible if these side effects become severe . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : headache , indigestion , nausea , constipation , loss of appetite , dizziness and / or diar
what capecitabine teva contains - the active substance in each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) is capecitebine . each film coated tablet contains 150 mg , 500 mg / 12 . 5 mg or 500 mg of capеcitabine in 5 ml of solution . the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , hypromellose ( e464 ), croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : macrogol 400 , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( k29 ) and talc . film coat : lactose monohydrate ( see end of section 2 ): opadry 420 , titanium dioxide , yellow iron oxide , and red iron oxide [ e172 ] ( see section 2 under ' what you need to know before
silodosin recordati is a medicine that contains the active substance silundosine . it belongs to a group of medicines known as alpha1a - adrenoreceptor blockers . silofosiner belongs to the group of hormones called ' tyrosine kinase inhibitors '. it works by blocking the activity of a protein in the prostate , bladder and urethra . this results in smooth muscle in these tissues . by blocking their action , the medicine reduces the number of white blood cells in the blood and thus improves the urinary symptoms . benign enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ): - difficulty in starting to pass water , a feeling of not completely emptying the bladder .
do not take silodosin recordati - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking silonodoubti : - during eye surgery there may be an increase in the size of the lens ( cataract surgery ) in the eye . before taking this medicine , tell your doctor that you have loss of muscle tone in the iris ( the clear layer at the back of the eye that covers the coloured part of the image ) or if surgery is planned . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group and therefore it is not known if it is safe to use this medicine in children , adolescents or adults who have had cataract surgery and who have
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take silodosin recordati with or without food . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . do not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to take . take the tablet at the same time each day , with or after food or between meals . if your kidney problems are severe , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . patients with kidney problems the usual starting dose for adults is 20 mg / kg of body weight taken once daily . it is recommended that you take one tablet once daily for as long as prescribed by your doctor . children and adolescents ( aged 6 to 17 years )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives . this is a very rare side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people treated with silodosin : dizziness . if this happens , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . fainting , especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position , may be a sign of a tendency to feel weak or dizzy . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms and what to do if they do not go away . the most frequently reported side effect reported with the use
what silodosin recordati contains - the active substance is sulphonylurea . each capsule contains 30 mg of siloudoosine . the other ingredients are mannitol , magnesium stearate , sodium laurilsulfate , gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ). each capsule also contains 50 mg / 12 . 5 mg , 50 mg or 100 mg of the medicine .  the other ingredient is lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ).  each capsule is made of gelatin and each capsule has a yellow body with a red cap and yellow body , containing a white to off - white powder , and contains a light yellow powder . this medicine is available in blister packs containing 7 , 14 , 28 , 30 , 56 
kinzalmono belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists , which work by causing your body ' s blood vessels to narrow . this causes your blood pressure to lower , and this results in a lowering of blood pressure . the active substance kinzilmono blockers the effect of angiogenesis , a process which causes the blood vessels in your blood to tighten , leading to an increased blood pressure and an increase in your sex hormone , creatine phosphokinase ( i . e ., an enzyme involved in the synthesis of blood cells ), which causes your body to increase the blood pressure by lowering the blood flow to your pulmonary arterial hypertension ( high blood pressure that is not caused by any other condition ). if you are a woman , your doctor will
do not take kinzalmono : - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . you must not become pregnant during treatment with this medicine and during the course of treatment . it is important that you follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . if your doctor thinks you may be pregnant , he or she will not give this medicine to you during the pregnancy . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy , see pregnancy section ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking any medicine , as you may not be able to become pregnant . driving and using machines you may find
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . you should take kinzalmono every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day to control your high blood pressure . if necessary , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . use in children and adolescents ( aged 2 years and above ) the usual starting dose is two tablets of 150 mg twice daily . in some cases ( for example , a diuretics , such as hydrochlorothiazide ), the recommended starting dose of 125 mg once daily is one 75 mg tablet of 200 mg three times daily 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if any of these side effects gets serious . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): kinzalmono may cause serious side effects such as low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in patients with cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people : urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . urinary retention in
what kinzalmono contains - the active substance is telmisartan . each tablet contains 20 mg telmasartan in 0 . 5 ml of solution . the other ingredients are povidone , meglumine , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ), magnesium stearate and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given this medicine , it is a clear , colourless solution for injection in a pre - filled syringe with a rubber stopper , aluminium seal and a plastic flip - off cap . pack sizes of 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 60 , 90 or 100 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
afstyla contains the active substance human coagulation factor viii , a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to clot . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor ixi deficiency ), factor ii is missing or not working properly . factor vii is necessary for effective blood clotting . it is very important that you have this information in order to understand how it works and why it is so important to have it in your blood . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these two active substances is best for you . however , in patients of all ages , the absence of this factor may result in a higher tendency to bleed . therefore , it is important to keep following the advice about these other medicines given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
do not use afstyla - if you are allergic to hamster proteins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . you should not be given this medicine to treat an allergic reaction while you are being treated . children and adolescents do not have the right to use this medicine in children less than 18 years of age . other medicines and / or adfsyla please tell the doctor or pharmacist that you are using , have recently used , or might use any other medicines . in particular , a small number of patients with hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) have been shown to increase the risk of allergic reactions ( such as hives , skin rash , tightness of the chest
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . afstyla should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of blood clotting disorders . your doctor will tell you exactly the dose of this medicine to use and how often you should use it . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . this medicine should not be used in children under the age of 12 years . it is recommended that you use the dose recommended by your doctor based on your child ' s weight and the severity of the bleeding . the dose may be adjusted up to a maximum of 1 . 25 mmol / kg of body weight . you should not use a higher or lower dose than recommended .
like all medicines , afstyla can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions if you have any of the following symptoms , stop using the medicine and contact your doctor immediately : - allergic reactions including hives ( generalised urticaria ), itchy rash , tightness of the chest , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , dizziness and anaphylaxis ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - bleeding may occur in patients treated with factor viii medicines . inhibitor antibodies ( antibodies ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may have an increased risk of bleeding . your doctor will monitor you closely for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your
what afstyla contains - the active substance is lonoctocog alfa . each ml of solution for infusion contains 10 mg of lonocog at a concentration of 1 , 000 iu . after reconstitution , each vial contains 1 mg / 0 . 25 mmol ( corresponding to 2 . 5 mg ) of lonoctcog . - each pre - filled syringe contains 1 . 4 mg of octyl . the other ingredients are l - histidine , polysorbate 80 , calcium chloride dihydrate , sodium chloride , water for injections . what if irradiance looks like and contents of the pack if you have any questions about how iriglycerol is prepared , ask your doctor or pharmacist
praxbind contains the active substance idarucizumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called " monoclonal antibodies ". this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called dabigatran . pradaxa is a blood thinner medicine used for the prevention of blood clot formation . the active ingredient in cloxbind , also called ' proteasome inhibitors ', is ' tyrosine kinase '. this protein is involved in the formation of new blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the body . by blocking their action , the medicine stops the blood from clumping together to form a fibrin sealant that stops bleeding .
do not use praxbind - if you are allergic to idarucizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : - you have a genetic disease ( hereditary fructose intolerance ) or sorbitol ( e420 ). your doctor will monitor you for adverse reactions while you are being given this medicinal product . - dabigatran may increase the risk of developing blood clots . your doctor may monitor you more closely during treatment with this medicine to check if it is safe to do so . it is important to tell your doctor about any changes to your treatment or to prevent them from happening . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and 
praxbind will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an intravenous infusion ( drip into a vein ) over a period of approximately 24 hours . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies in adults and children ( from 2 years of age ): side effects in children and adolescents ( from 6 to 17 years ) : reporting of side effects 30 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine by calling your doctor or pharmacist .
what praxbind contains the active substance is idarucizumab . the other ingredients are sodium acetate trihydrate , acetic acid , water for injections , and sorbitol ( e420 ) and polysorbate 20 . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given pxbind , see section 3 ' what possiba looks like and contents of the pack the solution for injection is clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellowish . each pack contains 1 glass vial , with a rubber stopper .
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - in case of an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( dtic ), tell your doctor or nurse straight away . signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . your doctor may need to reduce the number of your blood cells ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important in helping your body to fight infection and to prevent blood clotting . chest pain or coughing up of fluids , such as blood in the lungs ( bronchitis
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose of temomedac according to your height and weight ( body surface area ). this will be calculated based on your tumour size and the amount of chemotherapy you have received in the past . you may also be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to prevent or treat nausea and vomiting . patients with glioblastoma will receive radiotherapy ( monotherapy ). the usual starting dose is 40 mg / m2 ( 2 tablets ) twice a day . the maximum recommended dose is 20 mg ( 4 tablets ). your doctor may decide to increase the dose to 40 mg ( 6 tablets ), depending on your blood counts and on how you respond to the treatment . after radiotherapy has stopped , the dose may be increased to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - an allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction including hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty , bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills and headache . these may be signs that your blood cells may not be working properly . - a reduction in the number of red blood cells , which can cause bruising or bleeding ( anaemia ), a decrease in red and white blood cells which can lead to fever and / or infections . your doctor will tell you what you can take to prevent these symptoms . in some cases , you may have a worsening of your symptoms , or you may need urgent medical treatment . this may be a sign of a serious form of an
what temomedac contains - the active substance is temozolomide . each ml contains 100 mg or 500 mg of tetanus ( as monohydrate ). - each 0 . 5 mg , 1 mg or 2 mg temojide , 3 mg or 4 mg tablets contain 4 mg or 6 mg of the medicine . - one 0 mg tablet contains 4 mg of 5 mg of 10 mg of 20 mg of 30 mg of 40 mg of 60 mg of 70 mg of 80 mg of 75 mg of 100 mg of 150 mg of 200 mg of 250 mg of 400 mg of 300 mg of 25 mg of 50 mg . the other ingredients are : tablet core : anhydrous lactose ( see section 2 ), colloidal anhydrated silica , sodium starch glycolate ( type a ), tartaric acid , stearic
cialis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction ( also known as impotence ). this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , ererect penis suitable for sexual activity . if your penis is not fully open , you must contact your doctor immediately , as you may need urgent medical treatment . your doctor will tell you whether you should continue treatment or stop your treatment temporarily or permanently , depending on how you respond to the treatment : - tadalafil belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors , which work by helping your blood vessels to relax and thereby reducing the blood pressure in the penis . this will improve your ability to get / keep sex while you are taking this medicine , and also by reducing your eerile function . when cial
do not take cialis : - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any other organic nitrate ( e . g ., nitric oxide donors , amyl nutrite ). these are medicines that are used to treat chronic angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) in adults . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have severe heart disease or have recently had a heart attack within the last 90 days . you have a stroke in the last 6 months , or you are over 75 years old . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not yet been established .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of cialis is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . you should not take a higher dose than your doctor tells you to take . if necessary , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . take the tablet at the same time each day , with or without food . this will help you to get an erection . use in men with erectile dysfunction men , especially men with low blood pressure , should not be taken with this medicine . your doctor should check your blood alcohol level regularly to make sure that you do not experience dizziness during treatment . try to take your daily dose at about the same times each day to work out the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects allergic reactions ( rashes ) have been reported with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you have severe chest pain , stop taking priapsim and contact a doctor immediately . you may also experience persistent and sometimes painful erections when you are sexually stimulated with a medicine containing cialis ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache back pain muscle aches pain in the upper right side of the abdomen ( abdomen ) feeling tired , tiredness , dizziness . uncommon ( might affect up to 1 in 100 people ). your doctor may reduce your dose of 
what cialis contains - the active substance is tadalafil . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg , 300 mg or 400 mg of talc . the other ingredients are : tablet core : croscarmellose sodium , hydroxypropylcellulose , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), sodium laurilsulfate , magnesium stearate , lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine '), hypromellose , triacetin , titanium dioxide , iron oxide yellow ( yellow ) and iron oxide red ( red ) ( see end of section 2 for further information on some of these ingredients ). if you have any questions about the contents of the pack , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . - each pack contains one
enyglid is an oral antidiabetic medicine that contains the active substance repaglinide . it works by helping your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your body does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body is not able to use the insulin it produces properly . if you are following a diet and exercise plan , you may start to take it at the same time each day . this is called a ' diet plan '. this plan helps your body to increase the production of insulin and lowers the amount of sugar made by your body . your doctor will tell you : - to help control your diabetes by helping you to reduce your weight reduction , and to reduce the blood sugar level . metformin , another medicine for diabetes , has been shown
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to repaglinide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have type 1 diabetes . your acid level is raised ( diabetic ketoacidosis ). you have severe liver disease . you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to treat liver problems ) or you have liver 28 disease , and you are treated for liver disease you have kidney problems you have recently had surgery or you are planning to have a surgery or have recently suffered from a serious illness or illness . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not yet been established 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia is a very common side effect of this medicine ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) but can be very serious and requires treatment and may lead to unconsciousness or coma . if you experience any of the following symptoms , stop taking the medicine and contact your doctor immediately : - allergy - swelling - difficulty in breathing - rapid heartbeat - feeling dizzy - sweating - anaphylactic reaction ( see section 2 ). other side effects include : stomach pain and diarrhoea ( uncommon ). uncommonly , patients with chronic coronary syndrome ( very rare ) affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) have experienced the following side effects during clinical studies : very common ( affects more than 10 users in 100 ):
what repaglinide krka contains - the active substance in this medicine is called rpaglinid . each tablet contains 200 mg of reglinide ( as besilate ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate , croscarmellose sodium , povidone k25 ( e1201 ), glycerol , magnesium stearate , meglumine . film - coating : poloxamer , yellow iron oxide and red iron oxide . what rglycero looks like and contents of the pack - each tablet is a white to off - white , round , biconvex tablet with " gsi " debossed on one side . the tablet can be divided into two equal doses . -
the active substance in azacitidine mylan is called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonist ' ( i . e ., a substance that binds to receptors in blood cells ). azacitaitidine belongs to a group of medicines known as ' epidermal growth factor receptor antagonists '. these are proteins that play an important role in the development of new blood vessels . by attaching to the underlying tissue , the protein causes the body to produce its own antibodies . these antibodies help to stop the growth of these cells and so reduce the risk of these diseases . in patients with idiopathic myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ) in adults , adolescents and children is at high risk of developing myeloidomonocytic leukaemia ( cmml ) and acute mye
do not take azacitidine mylan - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitaitidine . - you have liver cancer . before starting treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor that you have decreased counts of platelets , red or white blood cells . you have kidney disease or liver disease . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . this medicine should only be used in patients with a heart condition or a history of heart attack or lung disease , as it may have an effect on the results of these tests . blood test you will have regular blood tests while you are taking this medicine and for at least 4 weeks after starting treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): drowsiness , shaking , jaundice , abdominal bloating , easy bruising , liver failure , swelling of the legs and feet , back pain , reduced passing of water , increased thirst , rapid pulse , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , confusion , restlessness , fatigue , irritability , depression , anxiety , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , weight loss , sleepiness . uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) side effects are listed below : very common : affects more than 1 user in 10 , as a consequence of
what azacitidine krka contains - the active substance is azacitadine . each vial contains 100 mg of aza citidine . after reconstitution , each ml of solution contains 10 mg , 20 mg or 30 mg . the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ) and water for injections . see section 2 . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . this medicine is supplied as a powder and solvent for solution for injection in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . it is available in packs of 1 vial .
duotrav is a medicine used in the eye . it contains two active substances : travoprost and timolol . both of these substances help to reduce the amount of prostaglandin in your eye , causing your eye to clear more easily . your doctor has prescribed this medicine because you have a low level of proline in your blood , which is not enough to control your condition . if you have an eye problem called glaucoma , your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost , prostaglandins or timolol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - you must stop taking beta blockers ( medicines used to treat asthma or chronic obstructive bronchitis , a lung disease that causes wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , cough or other breathing problems , such as hay fever , slow heartbeat , heart failure , or a disorder of the heart rhythm , irregular heartbeat or fast pulse ). - your doctor may need to change your dose . your doctor will monitor your heart rhythm during treatment with this medicine to check that you are breathing and to check your heart rate regularly . talk to
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you should use duotrav every day for as long as prescribed . your doctor will tell you how many drops to use and how often to use them . wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water . use a clean , white swab of the wipes to wipe your hands . if your thumb and fingers touch your head , back , and the eyelid , gently press down a finger down . gently squeeze the dropper until there is a ' pocket ' between your eyelid and your eye . this will help to protect your eye and eyelid from light . surrounding areas should not be covered with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking duotrav and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) eye redness . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : eye inflammation or damage in the eye , eye pain , blurred vision , abnormal vision dry eye itchy eye or eye discomfort . eye discomfort eye irritation , swelling of the eyelid , redness of the skin , itching , hives on the eye surface . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . other side effects that have been reported since the marketing of adolescent are : - eye inflammation , damage to the
what timolol contains - the active substance is travoprost . each ml of solution contains 2 . 5 mg of ttravo prost ( as timimolollate ). the other ingredients are : polyquaternium - 1 , mannitol ( e421 ), propylene glycol , polyoxyethylene hydrogenated castor oil , boric acid , sodium chloride , water for injections ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you use this medicine "), sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ), hydrochloric acid and purified water . what ephemera looks like and contents of the pack the solution for injection is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow solution . the solution is clear and colourless
nplate is a medicine that contains the active ingredient romiplostim . it is used to treat moderate to severe thrombocytopenic purpura ( itp ). itp is caused by a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood . platelets help to form blood clots , which can lead to bruising and bleeding . this is because the spleen has been removed from the blood in patients with itp who have not previously been treated with corticosteroids , but whose bone marrow does not produce enough of a sufficient amount of red blood cells . the medicine works by encouraging the bone to produce more platelets , reducing the risk of bleeding , and to reduce the risk for serious injuries . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you because you have been told that you have a weakened immune system and you have had your 
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to romiplostim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using n plate . your doctor will check your blood platelet count regularly ( thrombocytopenia ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . before starting treatment , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - your platelet counts should be checked at regular intervals . this is to check that you have enough platelets to form a blood clots , and to ensure that there is a sufficient number of platelets in your blood . it is important that you follow all the instructions of your doctor and do not take a platelet clotting . you should discuss this with your doctor before you start treatment . liver problems
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose of nplate is 10 micrograms ( 0 . 5 ml ) once a day . your doctor will tell you how many n plate doses to use and how often you should use them . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . you should start by taking one dose of 1 . 25 microgram per day ( i . e ., every 2 weeks ). your doctor may tell you to increase your dose based on your body weight . the recommended starting dose is 2 . 75 microgram ( 1 microgram ) per day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . depending on your response to treatment , your doctor might decide to increase the dose to a maximum of 2
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itp headache allergic reaction upper respiratory tract infection ( bone marrow disorder ) increased number of red blood cells , which produce more blood cells than normal , and a reduced number of white blood cells ( platelets ). trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness tingling or numbness in the hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) migraine redness of the skin ( angioedema ) rash muscle pain , muscle spasms , trembling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) pain in the joints ( arthralgia
what romiplostim nplate contains - the active substance is ( in this leaflet ): 1 , 000 iu / 0 . 5 ml solution for injection or infusion in pre - filled syringe . - each pre  filled nebuliser device contains a concentration of 2 . 4 mbq ( corresponding to 3 . 6 % of the body surface area ). - after reconstitution , the solution contains 5 . 8 % ibuprofen , which is equivalent to 6 . 9 % in a millilitre . each nmeg containing 5 l of ROMiploStim corresponds to 4 . 1 % ( mg ) in 0 1 . 2 % solution . the other ingredients are mannitol ,
do not use tovanor breezhaler - if you are allergic to glycopyrronium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have kidney problems . you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma ( difficulty passing urine ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor immediately : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called bronchospasm ( which causes difficulties in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the tongue or lips , shortness of breath or coughing up blood . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to help you breathe more easily . - swelling of your
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much tovanor breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . your doctor will tell you how many capsules to use and how often you should use them . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you can use the inhaler at any time of the day , with or without food . the capsules should be swallowed whole with a glass of water . it should be taken at the same time each day to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . this will help you to remember to use it . for copd , this medicine should not be used to treat a long - term disease with breathing problems . if your doctor prescribes this medicine alone , you
what breezhaler contains - the active substance is glycopyrronium bromide . each capsule contains 5 mg of glycopronium ( equivalent to 5 . 5 micrograms ). - each hard capsule contains 10 microgram ( corresponding to 10 microgramms ) glycopyrnoium . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you use this medicine ? what you should do if you are not sure what your medicine looks like and contents of the pack this medicine is an inhalation powder . it is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow liquid in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . one pack of this medicine contains one inhaler .
adasuve contains the active substance loxapine and belongs to a group of medicines called serotonin receptor antagonists . dopamine is a chemical in the brain involved in the calming effects of aggressive behaviour , agitation , schizophrenia and bipolar disorder . these are diseases characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this disease may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . in patients with this disorder , feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to loxapine , amoxapin e or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : - you get wheezing or shortness of breath , as these may be signs of lung problems like asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd narrowing of the airways ( bronchospasm ), wheeze , cough , chest tightness , and shortness off breath . this may be a sign of neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms ). your doctor may need to adjust your antipsychotic medicines to treat high fever , rigid muscles , fast heart rate or pulse . if any of these
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day by mouth . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take adasuve with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . do not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to . it is important that you continue to take the medicine as long as prescribed , even when you are feeling tired , sleepiness , trouble breathing , low blood pressure , throat irritation , taste in the mouth , muscle or eye movements , or if someone else accidentally takes your medicine . if possible , show the doctor the pack , the package or this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - breathing symptoms ( wheezing , cough , shortness of breath , chest tightness ) - irritating ( asthma , copd , light - headedness , fainting ), - increase in blood pressure , agitation , confusion , fever , muscle stiffness ( neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). other side effects include : common : may affect up to 1 in10 people - taste in the mouth or sleepiness , dizziness or numbness . reporting of side effects 33 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report
what loxapine krka contains - the active substance is loxacetyltransferase . each ml of solution for infusion contains 100 mg of loxacipine ( as suppositories ). - each vial of 5 vials of 10 vial contains 500 mg , 500 mg or 1 , 000 mg . - after reconstitution , the solution contains 0 . 5 mg / mm2 of the solution . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate and water for injections . see section 2 for further information about the contents of the pack . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
azacitidine betapharm is a type of medicine called a ' stem cell transplantation '. it belongs to a group of medicines called ' myelodysplastic syndromes ' ( mds ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children ( from 2 years of age ) to treat : - acute myeloidomonocytic leukaemia ( cmml ) or acute myerloid lesions ( aml ). these diseases are caused by the bone marrow to produce too much ' cytokines ', which are involved in the development of these abnormal cells . - in children and adolescents ( from 4 to 17 years old ) whose disease has not responded to other therapies , azacitatidine has been shown to slow down the progression of these diseases and to improve the quality of life for them . your
do not take azacitidine betapharm - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitaitidine . - patients with liver cancer : - your doctor will perform a blood test before you start treatment with azacinaitidine and during treatment with this medicine , to check that you have enough platelets , red or white blood cells and / or kidney disease , or if your liver is damaged , - you have a heart condition or heart attack or have ever had a lung disease . your doctor may need to change the dose or stop the treatment temporarily or permanently , depending on the results of these tests . blood tests you will need to have regular blood tests while you are taking this medicine and for at least 4 weeks after
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much azacitidine betapharm to use the recommended dose is one 5 mg subcutaneous injection ( injection into the skin ) in the morning and evening . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor , depending on your height and weight . your doctor will decide the dose you should use . the recommended starting dose is 1 . 5 mg / m2 body surface area once daily for 2 weeks . you should inject your first dose at about the same time each day . it is recommended that you inject the first dose as soon as possible after you have finished the treatment . if necessary , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose based on your response to the medicine . for nausea and vomiting , the dose will be calculated according to your height , weight and how you respond to
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use azacitidine betapharm after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , the solution should be clear and colourless . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 , unless the solution is clear , colourless and free from visible particles . once dissolved in the solution , it should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
what azacitidine betapharm contains - the active substance is azacitaitidine . each ml of solution contains 100 mg , 500 mg or 1 . 5 mg . after reconstitution , each vial contains 10 mg of aza citidine ( corresponding to a concentration of 10 mg / m2 ). - - one vial of 100 mg contains 200 mg : - two vials of 500 mg ; - an vial containing 1000 mg a . the other vial is mannitol ( e421 ) for ph adjustment . see section 2 for further information about the contents of the pack . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
cerdelga contains the active substance eliglustat , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' glucosylceramide agonists '. these are substances that are produced naturally in the body such as spleen , liver , and bones . the active substances in cerdesivir work together by blocking the activity of a substance called tyrosine kinase ( tksa ). cd50 is produced by recombinant dna technology in gaucher disease . left untreated , the disease is caused by a rare inherited condition called glycaemia . this medicine works by making the body produce more gycaemia ( a type of fat ) less able to break down and break down . dk50 is made by the liver and makes a protein called 
do not take cerdelga : - if you are allergic to eliglustat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to other moderate cyp2d6 inhibitors ( e . g . quinidine , terbinafine ) - when you are taking other moderate cystine - 2a inhibitors such as erythromycin or itraconazole . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if any of these apply to you . take special care with this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist before you start taking any medicine , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine based on the following strengths : strong cystine receptor antagonists , such as this medicine may increase the risk of it
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . you can take cerdelga with or without food . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . do not change the dose without talking to your doctor . take the tablet at about the same time each day , preferably with a light - headed glass of water . if your doctor tells you to stop taking this medicine , you may experience the following symptoms : dizziness , loss of balance , slow heart rate , nausea , vomiting , light- headedness . swallow the tablet whole . it is important that you continue with this while you are taking the tablet . how long to take take the tablets for as long as prescribed by your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness change in taste ( dysgeusia ) palpitations throat irritation heartburn dyspepsia ( feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea constipation abdominal pain stomach ache abdominal pain acid reflux disease ( gastrooesophageal reflux disease ) bloating , urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , back pain , pain in joints , muscles , bones , joints or muscles ( arthralgia and tachycardia ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar increased bilirubin ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat high
what cerdelga contains - the active substance is eliglustat . each hard capsule contains 200 mg of eglustat in 0 . 5 ml of solution .  the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , lactose monohydrate , talc . the capsules are printed with ' gilead ' ink containing : hypromellose ; glycerol dibehenate ; potassium aluminium silicate ; titanium dioxide ( e171 ); yellow iron oxide ( yellow ); black iron oxide ; propylene glycol ; ammonia solution ; and water for injections . see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine '. if you have any questions about the contents of the pack , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what
zoledronic acid hospira contains the active substance zolédronic acids , which belongs to a group of substances called bisphosphonates . it belongs to the group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to the natural chemical erythropoietin ( e . g ., calcium ). it works by attaching itself to the bone and slowing down the rate of bone change . this condition , called bone complications , can lead , for example , fractures , in adult patients with bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site to primary site ), and in children whose bone is damaged but still retains the amount of calcium in the blood . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . in this way , it reduces the build - up of calcium
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid hospira and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you must not be given this medicine : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given . if this applies to you , tell your doctor and dentist immediately . do not take , or have taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some patients with a kidney problem may have pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . it is recommended that you have a dental examination
zoledronic acid hospira will be given to you by a healthcare professional in a hospital or clinic . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of about 30 minutes . your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . if you are being treated for a kidney problem , your doctor may give you a lower dose , depending on how you respond to treatment . the recommended dose is 1 . 5 mg per kg of body weight , given once every 2 to 3 days . this is equivalent to a 50 mg dose given every 4 to 6 hours . depending on the severity of your kidney problem the usual dose for adults is 2 . 75 mg . for bone complications due to bone metastases , the infusion rate may be increased up to 1 in 10 mg /
like all medicines , zoledronic acid hospira can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - severe kidney impairment ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain specific blood tests ) - low levels of calcium in the blood - pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw - swelling or non - healing sores in your mouth or jaw ( jaw discharge ), numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , loosening of a tooth , or swollen face , lips , tongue or throat - feeling of weakness in the chest , difficulty in breathing or swallowing - hiccups - diarrhoea - abdominal ( belly ) pain -
what zoledronic acid hospira b . v . contains - each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 5 mg , 10 mg or 20 mg zolédronic acids ( as monohydrate ). - the other ingredients are mannitol , sodium citrate , water for injections . what the bs - pharm hct looks like and contents of the pack the concentrate is a clear , colourless to slightly yellow liquid in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . each pack contains 1 vial .
varuby contains the active substance rolapitant . it belongs to a group of medicines called anticancer medicines . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a substance called nauseous , which makes you feel sick and / or you are sick . vomiting is a common complication of cancer treatment chemotherapy . chemotherapy works by slowing down the growth of cancer cells and reducing the amount of food that is absorbed into the brain . a reduction in the number of food particles in the blood can cause nausea and vomiting . your doctor has prescribed this medicine for you because your body ' s immune system is fighting against the disease .
do not take varuby : - if you are allergic to rolapitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to st john ' s wort ( hypericum performatum ) ( used to treat depression and difficulty sleeping ) - when you have moderate to severe liver or kidney problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if : you are taking any medicine containing rifampicin ( a medicine used for the treatment of tuberculosis and infections ) your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . you are also taking carbamazepine ( an anti - epilepsy medicine ) to treat nerve pain . - you are currently taking phenobarbital ( another medicine for epile
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . varuby is for oral use . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . you can take varubies with or without food . the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet once a day . do not chew , crush or split the tablet before swallowing . it is important that you continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . when you are having chemotherapy , your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take this treatment . your doctor may tell you to stop treatment with this medicine if your symptoms do not improve or get worse . how much to take adults the usual starting dose is two 5 mg tablets ( 2 tablets per day ) once daily . children and adolescents ( aged 2 to 17 years ) the usual dose is three 7 mg tablets once daily
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction : shortness of breath swelling of the lips and tongue change in taste swelling of skin and tissue rash fever and fast heartbeats tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people headache constipation feeling tired or sore , a burning sensation in the stomach or intestines diarrhoea rash , fever , or irregular heartbeat . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . reporting of side effects 23 if your doctor or nurse gives you more information . this includes any possible side
what rolapitant sfl contains - the active substance is ropropiptant . each film - coated tablet contains 20 mg of ropapitant ( as microcrystalline cellulose ). the other ingredients are povidone ( k - 30 ), croscarmellose sodium , colloidal silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate . the film coating contains polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 , talc . what roplipo looks like and contents of the pack roplopo is a white to off - white , oval - shaped tablet , debossed with " pfizer " on one side and plain on the other side . it is available in blister packs containing 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 90
what enerzair breezhaler is this medicine contains two active substances , indacaterol and glycopyrronium - mometasone furoate . both of these active substances are bronchodilators . they relax the muscles in the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out . when you use this medicine , it relaxes the muscles of your lungs and allows you to breathe more easily . it also helps to reduce the amount of air you breathe in . the active substance in this medicine belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids , also known as steroids . these are medicines that help to reduce swelling , irritation and inflammation in your small intestines , which may help to relieve breathing problems and other symptoms related to the medicine . cortic
do not use enerzair breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : - you have heart problems , such as an irregular or fast heartbeat , thyroid gland problems or diabetes ( high blood sugar ) or seizures , as these may be signs of kidney problems or liver problems ; you have a low level of potassium in your blood , which may be a sign of an eye problem called angle - closure glaucoma . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below 18 years of age because there is
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much enerzair breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . your doctor will tell you how many capsules to use and how often . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if your asthma is not well controlled , your doctor may prescribe a different dose . the recommended dose is one capsule per day , for example , two capsules in the morning and one capsule in the evening . this will help you to remember to use it . use in children and adolescents dosing for children under 18 years of age is not recommended in this age group . adults and adolescents ( aged 12 to 17 years ) weighing less than 40 kg : the usual recommended starting dose for adults is one
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with enerzair : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumpediness , antiplatelets medicinal products reduce the chances of blood  clots forming ( a process called angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ). this process is known as thrombosis and can lead to atherothrombotic events ( e . g . stroke , heart attack or death ). your doctor will tell you what you can take to prevent these severe events from happening . you can also donate blood to help prevent these serious events by donating blood to these important events .
do not take clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain . you suffer from severe liver disease . if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to the doctor before you take a clodogrell . take care not to injure yourself . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely during treatment . talk to you doctor or pharmacist before taking a small number of people being treated with this medicine for a long time , unless you have been told by your doctor that you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should take them . if necessary , your doctor may tell you to take a different dose . you should continue to take the tablets until your doctor tells you otherwise . then , the recommended dose is two 75 mg tablets once a day ( 4 tablets of 75 mg ) once at the start of treatment . take the tablet with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet before swallowing . for the 7 - day treatment cycle , follow your doctor '
like all medicines , clopidogrel krka can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding under the skin which appears as red pinpoint dots and , confusion . contact your doctor or pharmacist for advice if any of the above apply to you . stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . swelling in the mouth or skin that may be severe , can be life - threatening . swallow the tablets whole with water . it may take up to 1 hour for the medicine to work properly . take special care with
what clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh b . v . contains - each tablet contains 75 mg of the active substance , 75 - the other ingredients are : tablet core : macrogol 6000 cellulose , microcrystalline ( e460 ) crospovidone type a castor oil , hydrogenated film - coating : talc , macrogol 6 000 ethylcellulose ( maize starch ) titanium dioxide , indigo carmine aluminium blisters containing : 75 mg , 100 mg or 150 mg tablets . what clumping looks like and contents of the pack the tablets are white to off - white , round and biconvex . boxes of 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 84 , 90 and 100 tablets in blisters
delstrigo is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it is one of a group of medicines called antiretroviral medicines : doravirine , a non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nnrti ) lamivudine , an anti - nuclear medicine doctor , and tenofovir disoproxil ( a nucleotroside analogue reverse transcriptains enzyme inhibitor ) for adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and above who have already been treated for hiv infection , it is important that you read the package leaflets for these medicines before you take them . do not take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor will discuss with you which medicines are best for you . hiv is a virus that
do not take delstrigo - if you are allergic to doravirine , lamivudine , tenofovir disoproxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . you should tell your doctor or pharmacist if : you are taking any of these medicines : carbamazepine or oxcarbazepine ; phenobarbital or phenytoin ( medicines used to treat seizure ); rifampicin or trifapentine ( medicines to treat tuberculosis ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ); mitot
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . delstrigo is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not chew , crush , or split the tablets . you can take the tablet with or without food . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take each day . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day to control your hiv infection . it is important that you continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . this is to check that your treatment is having the desired effect . if your doctor determines that you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor may decide to change your dose , even if the results of your blood tests show that your condition is getting worse . children and adolescents the recommended starting dose is 6 mg la
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , sleepiness , cough , nasal symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , wind ( flatulence ), hair loss , rash , muscle symptoms . reporting of side effects 33 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what doravirine contains - the active substances are : lamivudine and tenofovir disoproxil ( as fumarate ). - each film - coated tablet contains : - croscarmellose sodium e468 , hypromellose acetate succinate , magnesium stearate ( e470b ), microcrystalline cellulose , silica , colloidal anhydrous e551 , sodium stearyl fumarated , carnauba wax e903 . - film coating : lactose monohydrate , titanium dioxide , triacetin . what teva looks like and contents of the pack the film coated tablets are yellow , oval , biconvex , debossed with " gsi " on one side and "
spravato contains the active substance esketamine . it is used to treat depression in adults . depression is a disease characterised by symptoms such as feeling sad , anxious or worthless , sleeping difficulties , change in appetite , loss of interest in favourite activities , feeling of being slowed down . this medicine is used in combination with other antidepressant medicines .
do not use spravato : - if you are allergic to esketamine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you are having an anaesthesia ( an aneurysm ) you have a weak spot in the blood vessel wall that bulges out , you have bleeding in your brain you have recently had a heart attack within 6 weeks you have any complications or a serious heart problem you have poor blood flow to your blood vessels to your heart or to your chest . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are being treated with this medicine and for at least 6 weeks after your treatment has stopped . you may be given other medicines to reduce the risk of getting a
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose of spravato is one spray once a day . swallow the spray whole with a glass of water . you can use the nasal spray at any time of the day , with or without food . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . your doctor will tell you how many sprays you should use and how often you need to use them . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . it is important that you use the spray bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have used . this will help you remember to use it . please read
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling disconnected from your everyday life feeling dizzy headache change in sense of taste feeling very sleepy decreased feeling or sensitivity in the mouth area spinning sensation ( vertigo ) vomiting nausea common : may affect up to 1 in every 100 people feeling extremely happy ( euphoria ), feeling agitated and feeling anxious in the eyes and ears sense of touch , seeing or hearing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data feeling very happy ( anaphylaxis ) being very sensitive to the sun ( solarium ) a feeling of warmth , light - headed , sleepy , drowsy feeling irritable
what esketamine hydrochloride accord contains - the active substance is : - 1 ml of solution for injection contains 0 . 5 mg / m2 , corresponding to a concentration of 1 , 000 units . each pre - filled syringe contains 3 . 0 mg , 1 mg or 2 mg . the other ingredients are citric acid monohydrate disodium edetate sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . what aquinase looks like and contents of the pack the solution is clear to slightly opalescent and colourless to pale yellow . it is supplied in a pack containing 1 or 2 single - use pre  sleeved , single  use , multipacks comprising 2 packs , each containing 2 or
zelboraf contains the active substance vemurafenib . it is used to treat adults with melanoma , a type of cancer that has spread to other parts of the body or cannot be removed by surgery , or to treat cancer in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age . melonoma is a cancer of the blood that has not spread beyond the original tumour or to other organs in the body .
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to vemurafenib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . allergic reactions may include swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue , difficulty breathing , rash and fainting sensation . if any of these symptoms occur , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and zelbaf tell your physician or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . in some cases , allergic reactions can occur and your doctor may need to monitor you more closely . tell your
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of zelboraf is one tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . you can take a tablet with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day , but do not take it with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . how long to take take : do not change the dose or stop your treatment unless your doctor tells you to . it is very important that you continue taking this medicine until your symptoms improve and you get better .
like all medicines , zelboraf can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue , difficulty breathing , sudden onset rash or fainting sensation . you should contact your doctor immediately if any of these symptoms occur . if a reaction occurs , the doctor may decide to remove the implanted implant and give you the appropriate treatment . the implant is intended for use in adults only . however , you should not be exposed to a small amount of ionising radiation ( see section 2 under ' warnings and precautions '). other possible side effects are listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - radiation exposure during zel
what zelboraf contains - the active substance is vemurafenib . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 200 mg of VEmurafanib ( as co - precipitate ). each tablet contains 400 mg , 500 mg or 1000 mg of the active ingredient ( s ) in each film coated tablet . the other ingredients are : tablet core : hypromellose acetate succinate , colloidal anhydrous silica , croscarmellose sodium , low - substituted hydroxypropyl cellulose , magnesium stearate . film coating : iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), macrogol 3350 , polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ), talc , titanium dioxide . see end of section 2 for further information on some of the ingredients of 
duoplavin contains clopidogrel , acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ) and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumpeding , blood vessels relax , and blood is clotted . this results in a reduction in the risk of atherothrombosis ( see section 2 under ' how to take your medicine ') and in the case of serious events , such as stroke , heart attack or death , has been reported in patients who have taken at least one medicine to prevent these events from forming . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse .
do not take duoplavin : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ), or to other non- steroidal anti - inflammation products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have or have had painful inflammatory conditions of muscles or joints ( asthma ), nasal discharge , runny nose , polyps , or any other type of growth in your nose . you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 18 years . other medicines and
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water . you can take duoplavin with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day . do not exceed this recommended dose . if necessary , your doctor may give you a lower dose to prevent a heart attack . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take , and how often you should take them . how to take the tablets swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water , preferably with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . don ' t chew , crush or split the tablets . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what you have taken . then take your next dose at the usual time . it is important
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding under the skin that appears as red pinpoint dots or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rash , itching , hives , runny nose , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , weight loss . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , headache , feeling sick ( nausea ),
what duoplavin contains - the active substance is clopidogrel . each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg , 100 mg or 300 mg acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ). - each tablet contains 150 mg / 12 . 5 mg clump together to form a final product . the other ingredients are : - tablet core : hydrogen sulphate ( see section 2 under ' cleaver contains hydrogenated castor oil '), mannitol , macrogol , microcrystalline cellulose , hydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ) - maize starch , hydrogenated castingor oil ( h5n1 ), stearic acid , colloidal anhydrous silica , and lactose monohydrate . - film coating : lacto
simbrinza contains two active substances : brinzolamide and brimonidine tartrate . the active substances of this medicine work together by slowing down the breakdown of sugar ( carbonic anhydrase inhibitors ) and thereby increasing the amount of sugar in the blood . brimoniidine trihydrate belongs to a group of medicines called alpha - 2 adrenergic receptor agonists ( a type of chemical that controls blood flow to the eye ). simbrineza is used to treat the symptoms of eye problems in adults aged 18 years and older who have an eye problem called glaucoma or ocular hypertension ( high pressure in the eyes ).
do not take simbrinza - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , brimonidine tartrate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat diabetes , infections or diuretics ( medicines to lower blood pressure or monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ) ( medicines for depression , parkinson ' s disease or antidepressant medicines ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have kidney problems ( hyperchloraemic acidosis ) you have less than 1 month of taking simbr inza in the past . you have liver problems ( e . g . liver problems ) - you have had an inherited liver problem ( haematoma
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye once a day at about the same time each day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use the dropper in each eye . wash your hands before using the drops . if your hands are small , do not touch your fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a clean finger , until there is a ' pocket ' between the eyelid and the other eyelid . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). if the drop misses a drop , try again . take the next dose at the usual time . it is important that you do not stop using simbrinza without your doctor ' s advice 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data a serious allergic reaction to simbrinza may cause skin reactions such as rash , redness and itching all over the body , especially around the eyes , trouble breathing , chest pain or irregular heart beat . tell your doctor immediately if you experience tiredness or dizziness . other side effects reported with this medicine include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infusion site reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ) if this happens ,
what simbrinza contains - the active substances are brinzolamide and brimonidine tartrate . each ml of solution contains 0 . 5 mg of brinzolate and 0. 5 mmol of brimoniidine tartratrate , corresponding to 1 . 3 mg / 12 . 4 mg brionidine . - each vial of powder contains 1 mg of benzalkonium chloride . the other ingredients are : propylene glycol , carbomer 974p , boric acid and mannitol ( e421 ), sodium chloride and tyloxapol , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide , purified water , and water for injections . see section 2 . for further information , see section 3 . solvent for solution for infusion . what si
filgrastim ratiopharm is a type of medicine called a ' recombinant coagulation factor viii '. it contains the active substance filgratin , which is similar to a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - ii ]) produced by your own body . filgra is produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli and is used to stimulate the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells which are important in helping your body to fight infection and to increase the number of white blood cell - cells that help your body make better use of the medicine . your doctor has prescribed filgra' s medicine for you because you have been told that you have a low number of platelets ( a protein made by your body ) that you do not have enough platelets to fight your infection 
do not use filgrastim ratiopharm : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given filgrastorim . you must tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a pulmonary disorder ( see section 4 ). you have other side effects , such as sickle cell disease , abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . - you have problems with your spleen . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely for any signs of this disorder . see section " possible side effects ". you will have blood tests before you start treatment and regularly during treatment to check that you have enough of these cells .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many filgrastim ratiopharm tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the usual dose is one film - coated tablet of 60 mg once daily . you should take your filgrastatim ratepharm dose every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . it is very important that you take your medicine at the same time each day . how long will you need to take filgrastor? your doctor may prescribe you a lower or higher dose depending on how you respond to the treatment . when you are being treated for your chemotherapy , your doctor might decide to continue to give you this medicine until you are no longer benefiting from it . after bone marrow transplantation , you will receive a total of 60 million international units ( miu
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have sickle cell disease , you may experience abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a spleen disorder . your doctor will tell you what you need to know before you take filgrastim . you will have regular blood tests to check that you have enough neutrophils and white blood cells to receive this medicine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility there is no data available on the use of filgrastatim in pregnant women . it is recommended that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you . do not breast  feed your baby unless you have been properly trained first by your doctor . the use in children and adolescents is not recommended . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . filgrastim ratiopharm is for single use only . it can be stored at room temperature ( below 25 ) for up to 4 weeks before use . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 , unless the solution is clear , colourless , and free from visible particles . in this case , the solution should be clear and colourless to slightly yellow . when stored in the original package , it should not be used if there are particles
what filgrastim krka contains - the active substance in ratiopharm is filgra . each pre - filled syringe contains 60 million international units [ miu ] ( 600 microgram ) of filgristim in 0 . 5 ml solution . - each mL of solution contains 720 million international unit [ meu ], 480 micrograms of film - coated tablet , 480 iu , or 4 , 000 international units * ( corresponding to a value of 640 microgram in a vial ). - one vial contains 480 miu ( 600 milligram ), 600 miu [ 1 , 600  2 , 400  3 , 800  6 , 700  8 , 300  1 . 4 mbq ( hbq ),
riluzole zentiva contains the active substance rizole which belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists , which are involved in the nervous system . angioensin Ii is a substance produced in the body that binds to receptors in cells causing them to work in different ways . by blocking this binding , the neurotransmitter ( the messenger that transmits nerve signals to the brain ) can relax and the symptoms of the disease are reduced . if you have been given this medicine for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( amd ), it is used to treat adults with motor neurone disease where the muscles become weaker , worsening , muscle waste and paralysis . there are several reasons why this medicine has been prescribed for you because you have a
do not take riluzole zentiva - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rizole in the following situations : - liver disease . - increased blood levels of certain enzymes of the liver ( transaminases ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 12 years of age because it has not been studied in this population in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor about any other medicines you are taking , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines can affect the way some other medicines work . in particular , some patients may be more likely to get a reaction when they are given this medicine . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely , especially if
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet taken by mouth once daily . you should take riluzole zentiva at the same time each day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if possible , show the tablet to your child ' s doctor , or to the nearest hospital emergency department ( see section 2 ). how long to take take the tablet take a tablet once daily for as long as your child is still developing resistance to the treatment . it is important that you continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . for the treatment to be successful , your child may be monitored for signs of side effects such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , if necessary , to reduce the risk
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking riluzole zentiva and contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever . these may be signs of a low number of red blood cells . your doctor will take a blood sample to check that you have enough white blood cells and to prevent infections . - yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( signs of liver disease , hepatitis ). your doctor may do blood tests to check for these changes . tell your doctor if any of these occur . side effects reported with this medicine are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): cough , difficulties in breathing , diarrhoea , constipation ,
what riluzole zentiva hct contains - each film - coated tablet contains 20 mg of rilluzola . - the other ingredients are calcium phosphate , micro crystalline cellulose , anhydrous colloidal silica , magnesium stearate , croscarmellose sodium . the tablet coating contains hypromellose , macrogol 6000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ). what the rilsula looks like and contents of the pack the tablets are white to off - white , round , biconvex , debossed with ' r ' on one side and plain on the other side . they are supplied in blister packs containing 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 90 or 98 tablets . not all pack sizes may be
emgality contains the active substance galcanezumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . this medicine is used to treat migraine in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . a high frequency of migraines ( frequency not known ) has been associated with a migraine headache , but it can also be associated with other treatments to improve your quality of life .
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to galcanezumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . - you have a cardiovascular disease . this medicine is not recommended for patients with certain cardiovascular diseases . your doctor will discuss this with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . allergic reactions : your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with this medicine in order to minimise the risk of allergic reactions ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility e
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : allergic reactions with symptoms such as rash and itching . these are very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). serious allergic reactions , including difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness or light - headedness , swelling of the neck , face , mouth , lips , tongue or throat , itching of the skin , rash or raised bumps . if any of these side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
what remdesivir contains - the active substance is galcanezumab . each ml of solution contains 25 mg galkanezum ab in 0 . 5 iu . the other ingredients ( excipients ) are l - histidine ( histidine hydrochloride monohydrate ), polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride and water for injections . see section 2 for further information on the contents of the pack . pack size : 1 vial .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance defibrotide . it is used to treat chronic hepatic veno - occlusive disease ( hvvd ), a condition in which the blood vessels in the liver become damaged and blood clots form . this condition requires a certain type of treatment prior to stem cell transplantation . in patients with this condition , the body ' s natural defences ( immune system ) do not work properly and this can lead to a higher risk of developing defibrio formation . defebrio is produced by recombinant dna technology , a technology that binds to the underlying protein in the blood . by blocking the action of this protein , deflates blood vessels and reduces the risk of blood throts forming .
do not use defitelio - if you are allergic to defibrotide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have a history of blood clots you have tissue plasminogen activator warnings your doctor may need to reduce your dose if this applies to you . - you have heavy bleeding . this may require a blood transfusion after surgery . your doctor will monitor your blood coagulation before and during treatment . you may be given other medicines to help prevent and treat your bleeding , such as acetylsalicylic acid , heparins ( for example warfarin , dabigatran and rivaroxaban ) or apixaban ( for anti 
defitelio will be given to you by a doctor or a nurse who is experienced in the use of stem cells transplantation . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg / kg given once a day by intravenous infusion ( a drip into one of your veins ). your doctor or nurse will decide the dose you should receive . if you have any further questions on the use or the timing of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . defitelio can cause serious side effects which may affect up to 1 in 10 people . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor immediately . very common : may affect more than 1 in10 people - low blood pressure ( common ) - bleeding , including bleeding from the nose , bleeding into the brain or bleeding in the gut - vomiting - severe bleeding in your lungs - blood in the urine - unexpected bleeding from your mouth or bleeding under the skin - a small amount of blood , which can be fatal . your doctor will monitor your condition closely , and will decide if treatment should be continued .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . defitelio may be stored for up to 24 hours at 2 to 8 . after reconstitution and infusion storage , the solution should be used immediately . if the solution is not used within 24 hours , it should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
what neparvis contains - the active substance is defibrotide . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 20 mg of defibrototide ( corresponding to 0 . 5 mmol / vial ). after reconstitution , 1 g of concentrate contains 2 . 05 mg defibrotone . the other ingredients are sodium citrate dihydrate , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and sodium hydroxide ( see section 2 for further information on sodium ). what rezolsta looks like and contents of the pack resolsta is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellowish solution . it is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . pack sizes of 1 vial or 5 vials . not all pack sizes
daklinza contains the active substance daclatasvir . it is used to treat adults with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver ). the active substances in this medicine work together by blocking two different proteins in the body called cytokines , which are involved in preventing and stopping the spread of the hcv virus . the c virus is a virus that infects other parts of the body , called the ' cytochrome - 1 '. dak1 , when used in combination with other medicines , works by blocking a protein called tyrosine kinase ( tk2 ), which is present at increased levels in the blood . this results in a reduction in the amount of hbv in your body . if you have chronic he
do not take daklinza : - if you are allergic to daclatasvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you are taking other medicines taken by mouth ( e . g ., phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine or phenobarbital ) for epileptic seizures , such as rifampicin / st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). you are also taking other antibiotics for tuberculosis . your doctor will monitor you closely . dexamethasone is a steroid used to treat allergic and inflammatory diseases . it is important to
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . you should swallow your tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet before swallowing . daklinza can be taken with or without food . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take each day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if your hepatitis c infection is not well tolerated , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . how long to take treatment your dose will depend on how well your body is able to fight infection . take the tablet at about the same time each day to help you remember to take it . it is important that you continue to take the tablets every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . this is because dakli
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when daklinza is combined with sofosbuvir and ribavirin , the following side effects have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache fatigue difficulty sleeping dizziness migraine nausea ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea abdominal pain joint pain aching and tender muscles dakoba may cause you to miss a dose of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
what daklinza contains - the active substance is daclatasvir . each film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of daclanastasvir ( as dihydrochloride ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate . film coat : hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 400 , aluminum lake , iron oxide yellow ( cadmium ). see section 2 for more information about the contents of the pack . daklinac hct film coated tablets are white to off - white , capsule - shaped tablets , debossed with ' d ' on one side and plain on the other side . the tablets are provided in blisters in packs of 14 , 28 
proquad is a vaccine used to prevent measles , mumps , rubella , chickenpox and varicella viruses . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce protection against the meases / m / rubella virus . if the vaccine does not work properly , it will not protect against other viruses , including : - a type of white blood cell called ms , and / or rubella ( h5n1 ). - another type of m is also produced by the same type as meason , but this will be given by a doctor or nurse . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 12 months
do not use proquad : - if you are allergic to measles , mumps or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have a blood disorder or a type of cancer that affects the immune system . you have any problems with your immune system ( e . g . corticosteroid therapy , asthma , or replacement therapy ). you have congenital or hereditary immunodeficiency . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you are being treated with this medicine to check that you have adequate immune competence . this medicine is not recommended in patients with active tuberculosis . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if your child has a fever . it is important that you
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . proquad is given as a single injection into a muscle or under the skin ( e . g . in the thigh or upper arm ). your doctor will decide which injections you should receive . the injections will be given into the muscle of the shigh area or the upper arm area at the injection site . your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your blood clotting disorder , the number of platelets in your blood ( see section 2 ). if your platelets do not respond well enough to the vaccine , your doctor might give you the lower dose . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml for each kg of body weight given once a week . how to use pro
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with proquad : allergic reactions , which may include hives , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , may be signs of an allergic reaction . your doctor will decide which side effects to give you , depending on how you respond to the vaccine . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): seizures fever difficulty breathing cough unsteadiness with walking uncommon side effects of proqd are : pain , tenderness , soreness or redness fever , rash , itching , redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you have any of these symptoms , tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . other side effects that may occur during the administration of the vaccine are
what proquad contains - the active substances are measles and edmonston strain . each ml of suspension contains 0 . 5 mg of the active substance , corresponding to a concentration of 1 , 000 iu / kg . the other ingredients are : plaque : hydrolysed gelatin ( urea ), sodium chloride ( e 420 ), monosodium glutamate , sodium phosphate ( for ph adjustment ) sodium bicarbonate , potassium chloride , water for injections neomycin , and phenol red , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide . see section 2 . what you need to know before you use this medicine , check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you have any further questions on the use of this product .
jylamvo is a medicine that contains the active substance rheumatoid arthritis . it is used in adults , adolescents and children 12 years of age and older to treat unwanted reactions in the body . this medicine is an immunosuppressive agent ( a type of agent that blocks the action of an immunoglobulin - like substance ) that is used to treat a wide range of skin diseases , such as : - active juvenile idiopathic arthritis - polyarthritic , a disease affecting the joints , and - juvenile juvenile non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) - inadequate o severe psoriasis - phototherapy , including phototherapy in children and adolescents , as well as a radiopharmaceutical company . - ultraviolet a
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to methotrexate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have kidney impairment or liver impairment you have certain blood disorders you have bone marrow hypoplasia ( leukopenia ) or thrombocytopenia ( anaemia ). you have problems with your immune system you have a severe infection such as tuberculosis or hiv . you have ulcers in your stomach or intestines , inflammation of the mucous membrane . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you are taking this medicinal product . this is to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . children and adolescents
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of jylamvo is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if your doctor tells you to take more jlylamva than you should , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . taking this medicine take the tablet at the same time each day , with or without food . this will help to reduce the risk of side effects and may improve your symptoms and reduce your risk of suffering from these diseases . for rheumatoid arthritis , juvenile idiopathic arthritis and psoriasis , and a higher dose may be necessary . your doctor will tell you how many tablets you should
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash , or itching all over your whole body . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - breathing problems - feeling of illness - dry or irritating cough - shortness of breath - difficulty in breath , chest pain - hives , itching , pain in the joints , muscles , joints or muscles - cough , feeling tired or being sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , vomiting - nausea ( feeling sick ), indigestion 
what jylamvo contains - the active substance is methotrexate . each pre - filled syringe contains 250 mg of methotréxate in 0 . 5 ml of solution .  the other ingredients are : macrogol , glycerol , orange flavour , sucralose ( e322 ), ethyl parahydroxybenzoate ( type a ), sodium methyl parahydroxybenzoate , citric acid , tri - sodium citrate , purified water and water for injections . see section 2 for further information about some of the ingredients in this leaflet . what you need to know before you are given this medicine , check with your doctor or pharmacist if you have any further questions on the use of this product . the following pack sizes are available : outer cartons containing
what breeyhaler contains - the active substance is glycopyrronium bromide . each capsule contains 5 mg of glycopronium ( equivalent to 0 . 5 mg glycopyrrronium ). each hard capsule contains 10 mg of a 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 60 , 90 , 100 , 150 , 200 , 300 , 500 , 1000 , 2000 , 3000 or 4000 iu / ml . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , and water for injections . see section 2 " what you need to know before you use this medicine ". what inhalations looks like and contents of the pack inhalers inhalation powder is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow powder in a
riximyo contains the active substance rituximab , which is a type of protein called a ' monoclonal antibody '. it sticks to a specific target in the body ' s immune system . by attaching to the target , the protein causes the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor or pharmacist . what is the benefit of using this medicine in adults , adolescents and children is described in this leaflet as a " maintenance treatment ". it is used for adults and adolescents aged 2 years and older who have chronic lymphocytic leukaemia ( cll ). in children and adolescents , this medicine is used in combination with other anti - cancer medicines . in children , r
do not take riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had an infection at the moment you have problems with your immune system , such as heart failure or a history of heart disease , including granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiziitis or pemphigus vulgaris . you have a hepatitis infection . if this applies to you , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may need to monitor you more closely during treatment with this medicine and may check you for signs of this infection before you start treatment . before starting treatment , you will be given other medicines to treat your 
riximyo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . if you miss a dose of this medicine tell your doctor straight away , as you may need urgent medical attention . how much to use the recommended dose is 1 mg / kg of body weight given once a week as an intra - venous infusion . your doctor will tell you how many doses you need and how often you should be given it . the usual starting dose is 2 mg per kg body weight , given once every 4 weeks . after that , your doctor may increase your dose up to 3 times per week depending on how you respond to the treatment and on how serious it is . for children and adolescents ( 12 to less than 18 years of age 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may experience fever , chills and shivering . you may also experience pain at the infuse site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat discomfort , tongue or throat pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects have been serious . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , abdominal pain
topotecan actavis is a medicine that contains the active substance topotenciguat , which belongs to a group of medicines known as bisphosphonates . to potecan acts on small cell lung cancer that has progressed after chemotherapy . it is used to treat cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy is not possible . you or your child will receive one or more of the following treatment cycles : topot ecan is combined with another medicine called cisplatin .
do not take topotecan actavis : if you are allergic to potecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotencan activis . your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts and will adjust the dose if necessary . tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these apply to you . the dose may need to be adjusted . some patients with kidney problems should not be treated with tamper evidentialism of the medicine . if this applies to you ( or you are not sure ), ask your doctor for advice . before you start treatment your doctor may decide to lower your dose or stop treatment temporarily or permanently , depending on your general condition and your response to treatment . kidney problems can occur during treatment , and your dose may be adjusted up to a maximum of
your treatment with topotecan actavis will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of lung cancer . your doctor will carry out blood tests before treatment and regularly during treatment to check that the medicine is working properly . if you have cervical cancer , your doctor may give you another medicine called cisplatin . patients with impaired kidney function will receive one treatment cycle of 1 . 5 mg / kg of concentrate per day . this will be followed by one cycle of 5 mg or 10 mg of concentrate given once a day by an infusion ( drip ) into your arm . the infusion will take about 30 minutes . in the unlikely event of an overdose , you will be monitored carefully for side effects and for signs and symptoms of your disease . it is important that you also read the package leaflets for these other medicines and their use .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - infections ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever - a general condition - local symptoms such as sore throat or burning sensation , severe stomach pain , fever , diarrhoea , bowel inflammation ( neutropenic colitis ) has been reported in patients treated with topotecan actavis . infections - lung inflammation - difficulty in breathing or swallowing may occur . if any of these occur , contact your doctor immediately . side effects reported since the launch of the medicine , are not known .
what topotecan actavis contains - the active substance is topotécan ( as hydrochloride ). one ml of solution for injection contains 1 mg / 0 . 5 mbq ( corresponding to a concentration of 1 , 000 iu ). the other ingredients are mannitol , tartaric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections ( see section 2 under ' important information about sodium hydroxide '). for further information on sodium content , please refer to section 2 of the package leaflet for the other ingredient . what you need to know before you are given topotencan actionavis : the vial contains a white to off - white powder in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and aluminium seals with plastic flip - off caps . the solution is clear and colourless
rivastigmine hexal contains the active substance rivagastigmin , which belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson 's disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). by interfering with the production of these chemicals , the brain produces too much of the nervous system , called acetocholine . - by blocking the enzymes that break down these enzymes it allows the brain to concentrate more accurately , helping to reduce the symptoms of alzherer  s disease and dementia associated with parkinsons ' disease . by blocking these enzyme , it allows levels of 
do not take rivastigmine hexal - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking , during or after your treatment with a dose of , if necessary . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . you must not be given a raft of medicines known as anti - epidermal growth factor receptor antagonists ( egfr ): a severe skin reaction ( allergic contact dermatitis ) has been reported in patients receiving a total of 12 mg / m2 of the medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years of age because there is no experience of using this medicine in this age group . further information is available on the use of 
always take rivastigmine hexal exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how often you should take them . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet before swallowing . try to take your tablet at the same time each day , preferably with food . this will help you remember to take it . it does not matter whether you take it with or without food , but if it does , do not take it more than three days without talking to your doctor . take the tablet with food or between meals . if possible , show
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , anxiety , sweating headache , heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated , feeling tired or weak . if you get any of these symptoms , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you may also find this information in the patient alert card you have been given by your doctor .
what rivastigmine hexal contains - the active substance is : - 1 . 5 mg / ml , containing : 1 , 000 mg , 2 . 0 mg or 3 . 1 mg of vagasterase as monohydrate . each film - coated tablet contains : 2 , 500 mg or 4 , 600 mg of the active ingredient , 5 , 700 mg of of the activated substance , 7 . 3 mg of an active substance . the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ). tablet coating : carnauba wax , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) and shellac . what advate looks like and contents of the pack avate is a white to off - white lyophilised powder .
cabometyx is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance cabozantinib . it is used to treat adults with a type of kidney cancer called renal cell carcinoma or liver cancer when a previous treatment with sorafenib did not work well enough or was not tolerated . you will first be given other medicines to treat your condition when you are not able to take the first dose of the medicine . if you do not respond well enough to these medicines , your doctor may give you a different medicine , containing a medicine called ' proteasome inhibitor ' ( proteases '), a protein that is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . by blocking protease inhibitors , the medicine will slow down or stop the growth of your cancer cells and reduce the risk of them getting worse .
do not take cabometyx : - if you are allergic to cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have high blood pressure you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in one of the blood vessel walls you have diarrhoea you have a recent history of bleeding you have had surgery within the last month you are due to have certain surgical procedures , including dental surgery . you have an inflammatory bowel disease ( e . g . inflammation of the bowel ) you have ever had a history of bowel problems . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you are taking this treatment .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of cabometyx is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . do not take more than the recommended dose . if possible , you can change the dose or stop taking this medicine if necessary . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue with this medicine for as long as you need it . it is important that you continue to take cabrometyex for at least 1 hour before or 1 hour after your last meal . take the medicine pack with you so that you can show the doctor what you have been given and what you need to know before
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with cabometyx : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain in the abdomen , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , constipation , fever , gastrointestinal perforation ( in the stomach and intestine ), bleeding , vomiting blood , black tolls , bloody urine , headache , coughing , swelling or pain in your hands and feet . uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , stomach pain or discomfort , dizziness , loss of appetite , weight loss , muscle spasm , pain in joints , muscles , bones , joints or muscles . rare side effects these may affect
what cabometyx contains - the active substance is cabozantinib ( as malate ). - each capsule contains 2 . 5 mg of cabazantineib , corresponding to 1 . 4 mg / ml . - one capsule contains 4 . 8 mg of the active ingredient ( cabzantelinib ) or 8 . 6 mg of of the other active substance ( malate in 0 . 9 %) of the total daily dose ( mg ) of the medicine . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , lactose anhydrous , low - substituted hydroxypropyl cellulose ( e463 ), croscarmellose sodium , colloidal silicon dioxide and water for injections ( see section 2 under ' what you need to know before you take cabromet
pemetrexed hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . it contains two active substances : - epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ( egfr )- malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , in patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . pemexed is also given in combination with cisplatin for the initial treatment of patients with advanced stage of lung cancer in adults whose disease has not responded to treatment or is unsuitable for treatment with other anti - cancer medicines . - pemexed is given on its own if your disease has progressed after other initial chemotherapy has not worked well enough or you are no longer benefiting from previous treatments . as part of your treatment , pemetreixed also helps to stop the spread
do not use pemetrexed hospira : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) ( see section 6 ' further information '). if this applies to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before using pemetreixed in the following situations . you should not receive this vaccine against yellow fever unless you have been told by your doctor that you have or have ever had problems with your kidneys . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to monitor your kidney function . this check may be repeated at intervals , depending on your liver function , and on the number of blood cells in your body . your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts during treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be given to children under 18 years of age because there is no experience of using this medicine in this age group . other medicines
pemetrexed hospira will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . their height and weight are measured to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will provide you with more information on the possible side effects of this medicine . you will always have this medicine delivered to you via a drip ( infusion ) into one of your veins . the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when used with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out your dose and method of administration based on your height , weight and how well you respond to treatment
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - fever or infection ( common ), with a temperature of 38oc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . - chest pain ( uncommon ) - fast heart rate - pain , redness , swelling or sores in the mouth ( very rare ). - severe allergic reaction , which may include skin rash , burning or prickling sensation , numbness or tingling sensation ( rare ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). other side effects may include : very common ( affects more than
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . after reconstitution , the solution should be used immediately . if the solution is not used within 24 hours , it should be stored in the original package in order to protect from moisture . chemical and physical in - use stability of reconstituted and infusion solutions of pemetrexed hospira have been demonstrated for 24 hours at refrigerated temperature ( 2 to 8 ) for up to 4 hours at room temperature ( up to 25 ). if dilution of parenteral medicines is used , this medicine should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will
what pemetrexed hospira b . v . contains - each vial contains 100 milligrams of pemetreixed [ 2 . 5 mg / 0 . 25 millilitres ] of the active substance pemetreexed . after reconstitution , each ml of solution contains 5 milligramms ( corresponding to a concentration of 20 mg ) of pemetropolymer ( equivalent to 20 mg pemetred disodium hemipentahydrate ). - the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ), sodium hydroxide and water for injections . see section 2 , ' pemetreexed is a solution for injection in pre - filled syringe ' for further information . what
ganfort contains two active substances , bimatoprost and timolol . both of these substances work together to reduce the amount of glaucoma produced by the eye . when a person is given this medicine , the body ' s natural defences ( the prostaglandin ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . timimolos works by blocking the activity of a protein in the eye that causes the tear in the back of the eye and so reduces the tear production . this medicine is used for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely impaired eye function , a condition known as gout , which affects the eye surface . it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years to less than 18 years of age . your doctor has prescribed this medicine together with other eye drops ( beta -
do not use ganfort : - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or timolol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . do not take this medicine in combination with other eye drops , unless your doctor has told you to . you should not use this medicine at the same time as other medicines used to treat respiratory problems such as asthma or chronic obstructive bronchitis ( a lung disease that causes sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing or cough ). if
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose is one drop in the eye ( neck ) once a day . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . if your hands are on a different sleeve , wash your hands with soap and water . put a small amount of ganfort on top of your head . tilt your head back and pull down the eyelid with a clean finger . hold the bottle , pointing down , between your eye and the lid . the drop will go in here ( picture 1 ). if the drop misses your eye , wait at least 5 minutes and then pull up the drop . push the dropper down until it is time for your next dose . this will help stop the drop being 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) side effects in single - dose multidose multidose treatment ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ') eye redness common side effects eye burning , itching , stinging , irritation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer at the back of the eye ) sensitivity to light , eye pain , sticky eyes , dry eyes . feeling of something in the eye when you stand up , light sensitivity in the eyes ; eye pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache , dizziness , blurred vision , feeling of tingling , redness of the skin , skin rash , burning sensation ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expired date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . if ganfort is not used immediately , it should be discarded . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions , and should not be used if there are any signs of eye infections .
what timolo contains - the active substance is bimatoprost . each ml of solution contains 0 . 5 mg bimolol . - each vial contains 1 mg , 2 mg or 3 mg tibimololl maleate . the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride ( see section 2 ), sodium chloride , sodium phosphate dibasic heptahydrate , citric acid monohydrate ( for ph adjustment ), purified water , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide and water for injections . what opportunistic looks like and contents of the pack a clear , colourless to slightly yellow eye drops solution for injection in a pre - filled syringe . it is available in packs containing 1 , 5 or 10 pre . not all pack sizes
gefitinib mylan is a medicine that contains the active substance gefitib . gefit inib is used for the treatment of advanced non - small cell lung cancer in adults . it is used if the cancer has spread to other tissues of the lung , or has spread beyond the original tumour .
do not take gefitinib mylan - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking gefit inib . before you start taking this medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist if : - you have severe lung problems . this medicine is not recommended for patients with lung problems because gefitib has not been studied in these patients . - your liver is not working properly . your doctor will monitor your liver before and during treatment with this medicine and will adjust the dose if necessary . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because it is not known if it is safe and effective in this age group . other medicines and gefitvinib the following are other medicines that can affect the way gefiteinib
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take gefitinib mylan with or without food . do not take antacids on an empty stomach . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day , unless your doctor tells you to . your doctor may tell you to take a higher or lower dose . if your doctor decides to stop your treatment , you may find it easier to take it at bedtime . how to take swallow the tablets whole , with some water , in the morning and evening . this will help you remember to take the tablets . it is important that you take all your medicines as prescribed by your doctor , even when you have trouble swallow
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction : swollen face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty to swallow , hives or nettle rash , difficulty breathing , breathlessness , sudden breathlessness with or without cough or fever . these may be signs of inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). gefitinib is applied to the skin on a regular basis . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness of the skin , itching , burning sensation , pain in hands , feet , ankles or feet ( oedema ) - a burning sensation in the mouth 
what gefitinib krka contains - the active substance is gefit inib each film - coated tablet contains 100 mg of gefiteinib ( as gefaut ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone ( type a ), povidone , sodium laurilsulfate , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ), macrogol 4000 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide , and yellow iron oxide red , indigo carmine aluminium lake , carnauba wax . see section 2 . what you need to know before you take gefithinib inhalation powder . the film coating contains a white to off - white powder 
reblozyl contains the active substance luspatercept and belongs to a group of medicines called erythropoietin therapies . it is used to treat a type of myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ) in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with bone marrow disorders . in a lot of these diseases , red blood cells become abnormal . a low red blood cell count can lead to anaemia , especially if you cannot have red bloodcell transfusions . your doctor will prescribe rebozyl for the treatment of your anaemic in adults who cannot afford to have a need for blood cell transplants , or who cannot receive regular ertio - thalassaemia ( b - lymphocyte lysis syndromes ), or who have had to stop receiving red blood
do not take reblozyl - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : - you have thalassaemia ( your spleen removed ), or if there is a risk that you may have a blood clot due to hormone replacement therapy . if this applies to you , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of this medicine to a lower dose . your doctor will discuss with you the precautions needed to avoid a potential blood clumping together with other preventive measures . you should discuss this with your doctor before you start treatment . high blood pressure : your doctor should check your blood pressure regularly while you are being treated . before starting treatment , you will have routine tests to check your haemoglobin level before and during
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during your treatment with reblozyl . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg / kg body weight given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). the dose may be adjusted by your doctor , depending on your weight and on the results of your blood tests . you should use a different injection site for each injection to control your blood pressure . how much and how often to use the recommended starting dose for adults and adolescents ( 12 to 17 years of age ) based on your body weight , your doctor may decide to increase or decrease the dose to 1 . 0 mg per kg of body weight once a week . for patients who weigh more than 50 kg , the recommended daily dose is 2 . 1 mg .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : difficulty in walking or speaking , dizziness , loss of balance and coordination , numbness and paralysis of the face , leg or upper arm , which may reach through to other parts of the body , blurred vision , stroke , blood clots , swelling in the area around the eyes , face / lips , mouth , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious allergic reaction . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix
what luspatercept accord contains - the active substance is luspatiercept . each ml of solution for injection contains 0 . 5 mg of lsp . - each pre - filled syringe contains 1 mg , 2 mg or 3 mg of the active ingredient in reblozyl . the other excipients are citric acid monohydrate , sodium citrate , polysorbate 80 , sucrose , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ), sodium hydroxide and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given a solution for infusion is provided in a clear glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . pack size of 1 vial of 1 .
fotivda contains the active substance tivozanib . it is a type of medicine called a protein kinase inhibitor ( pksi ) and belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines - 2 ( k2 ) inhibitors . by blocking the activity of these proteins , the medicine slows down the growth of cancer cells . this means that the cancer cells have a certain type of cancer called kidney cancer , and the tumour needs another cancer medicine called interferon - alpha ( i . e ., interleukin - 3 ).
do not take fotivda : - if you are allergic to tivozanib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have high blood pressure . your doctor will check your blood pressure regularly while you are taking this medicinal product . you may need extra check - ups , including checks to make sure you have enough blood pressure before you start taking this product and regularly during treatment . before starting treatment , your doctor or nurse will check whether the medicine is working and whether it is safe for you to take it . talk to the doctor if any of these apply to you . patients with high
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of fotivda is one tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take your tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . this will help you remember to take it . do not take more than your doctor tells you to take . take the tablet at the same time each day and do not crush or chew the tablet . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . it is important that you take all the tablets with food , drink and any other medicine that you have taken before ( see section 2 , " possible side effects "). you may experience some of the side effects described in section 4 . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): high
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with fotivda : very high blood pressure ( a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you develop high blood tension . symptoms include : headaches , blurred vision , shortness of breath , changes in your mental state , feeling anxious , confused or disorientated . your doctor may decide to reduce your blood pressure to a normal level , even if the treatment is having the desired effect . if this happens , your doctor will stop the treatment and start giving you other medicines to control your high bloodpressure . in order to reduce this side effect , you will have to take all your medicines as directed by your doctor . common side effects ( may affect 1 to 10 users in 100 ) difficulty speaking
what fotivda contains - the active substance is tivozanib . each hard capsule contains tivolinib hydrochloride monohydrate equivalent to 25 mg tivofib in 0 . 5 ml of solution . the other ingredients are : capsule content : mannitol , magnesium stearate capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) printing ink : shellac , iron oxide yellow ( see end of section 2 for more information ), propylene glycol ( partially hydrolysed ), titanium dioxide , and tartrazine aluminium lake . printed in black ink contains : poly ( vinyl alcohol ) ( ph adjustment ). printing in white . printing in black with ' pfizer ' on one side and plain on the other side . indigo carmine
stribild contains the active substance elvitegravir . this is an antiretroviral medicine known as an integrase inhibitor ( cobicistat ) and contains a modified form of the human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv - 1 ) that works by interfering with the normal working of a protein in the body called an nrti ( ntti ). a third active ingredient in this medicine is called a ' nucleoside reverse transcriptaser inhibitor '. tenofovir disoproxil is another antiviral medicinal product . it is also known as ' nntrtis ', a type of medicine that is used to treat hiv in adults , adolescents and children of all ages weighing at least 30 kg . the active ingredient is a natural rubber stop
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to elvitegravir , cobicistat , emtricitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these medicines . - some medicines may interact with tenofovir disoproxil . your doctor may want to monitor your kidney function . alfuzosin ( a medicine used to treat enlarged prostate ) amiodarone , quinidine , dabigatran ( used to prevent blood clots ) carbamazepine, phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines used to help prevent seizures ) diarrhoe
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet daily by mouth . swallow the tablet whole with some water . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not take oral supplements , including antacids , laxatives containing minerals , magnesium , aluminium , calcium , iron , zinc , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). take your tablet at the same time each day . this will help you remember to take it . how long to take stribild - take it every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . - if your doctor prescribes it for you , your doctor will tell you how long you should keep taking this medicine . it is very important that you continue to take the medicine as prescribed
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood fats sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines used to treat hiv disease . the following side effects have been reported in patients taking atribild : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): lactic acidosis ( excess of lactic acids in the blood ) is a very common side effect of taking medicines for hiv . if you are overweight ( overweight ) or have liver disease , lactic
what stribild contains - the active substances are elvitegravir , cobicistat and emtricitabine . each tablet contains tenofovir disoproxil 30 mg / 850 mg , and each film - coated tablet contains 30 mg of a combination of two active substances : - tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' st '), - film coat : pregelatinised starch , - containing powder for concentrate for solution for infusion - one tablet contains 40 mg adolescent formulation , composed of : film coat ( s ) composed of an edgelatinized starch ( egf ) and one tablet containing 40 mg deltoid ( 10 mg ) - two tablets containing : 1 tablet
the active substance of zyprexa , olanzapine , belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . schizophrenia is a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes ( episodes of excitement or euphoria ) have been associated with low levels of white blood cells , which can cause recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to treatment with an ' off - white blood cell count '. if you have any questions about your medicine , ask your doctor .
do not take zyprexa : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , swollen face , or swelling of the lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have or have ever had eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because the safety and efficacy have not yet been established . other medicines and 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take zyprexa with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day , with or just after your meal . do not take more than one tablet in the morning . if necessary , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor will tell you how long you should keep taking this medicine . it is important to keep following the advice about diet and exercise that you have been given by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how to take take a tablet at the same times each day to help you remember to take it . to benefit from your medicine , take it at regular times , at the right times every day
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) especially of the face or tongue . this could be due to blood clots in the veins . a very rare side effect in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if any of the above apply to you . stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may need urgent medical attention . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with resuspension . it is important to talk to your doctor about any possible side effects you may experience . these include
what zyprexa contains - the active substance is olanzapine . - each film - coated tablet contains 20 mg , 30 mg or 60 mg of the active ingredient , corresponding to a concentration of 75 mg / ml at the date and time of calibration . the other ingredients are : tablet core : hyprolose ( e464 ), crospovidone ( type a ), microcrystalline cellulose , magnesium stearate . film coat : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' zypresa contains lactoses '), hypromellose ( 6 mpa . perforated unit dose blisters ) and titanium dioxide . each blister pack contains one blister pack containing one blister containing two blister strips , each containing three blister strips and one blister strip containing four
prolia contains the active substance denosumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called glucocorticoids . osteoporosis is a disease that affects the bone . it is caused by the lack of a hormone called ' oestrogen ', which plays an important role in bone loss . prolisa works by making the bones stronger and lasts a longer time . this helps to reduce the risk of bone loss in women after they have reached menopause . after the ' period ' has passed , your ' hormone ' estrogen levels drop and your bones become thin and fragile . as a result of this disease your bones may become thinner and more likely to break . if you do not respond well enough to the treatment , you may be given a medicine called a ' corticosteroids '.
do not use prolia : - if you have low calcium levels in your blood ( hypocalcaemia ). your doctor will check your calcium levels before starting treatment with denosumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had a skin infection . you have a swollen or red area of skin on one side of your leg that feels hot or tender ( cellulitis ). you have fever . your doctor may need to reduce your dose of calcium and vitamin d supplements while you are being treated with this medicine ( see section 4 ). if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below 18 years of age because there is no experience with this medicinal product in this age group . other medicines and pro
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much prolia to use the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) in the thighs , abdomen or upper arm . your doctor will tell you how many injections you need and how often you should use them . the usual dose for adults is 1 . 0 mg / kg given once a week . use in children and adolescents ( aged 6 to 17 years ) the recommended starting dose for children is 2 . 1 mg . you should inject prolina at least 2 weeks after your child ' s doctor has determined the correct dose based on the weight of the child . in addition , your child will receive calcium and vitamin d supplements and will receive a total daily dose of 1 mg per
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking prolia and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious skin infections , such as cellulitis , that have been reported in patients taking this medicine : swollen and red area of skin on one side of the leg that feels hot and tender , fever . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the treatment and contact your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain in the mouth or jaw , swelling and non - healing of sores in the back of the mouth and / or jaw discharge , numbness or tingling in the hands and feet , feeling of being unwell , diarrhoea , constipation , loss of appetite 
what prolia contains the active substance is denosumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 20 mg of denoumab in 0 . 5 ml of solution . the other ingredients are acetic acid , glacial , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 20 and water for injections . what you need to know before you are given prolaminia , see section 2 " prolisa contains sodium " for further information on the contents of the pack . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
ambirix is a vaccine used to prevent two diseases , hepatitis a and h1n1 . both of these diseases are caused by the same virus as the other viruses . the vaccine works by causing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these diseases . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce antibodies against these viruses , which help protect them from becoming infected with the virus . these antibodies help to protect you against the infection . symptoms can include feeling sick ( fever ), aches and pains , feeling tired , dark urine , pale faeces , yellowish skin or eyes ( jaundice ).
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to escherichia coli or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if this happens , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine if : - you have ever had hepatitis a or hbv diseases and / or you think you may have an infection with a cold . your doctor may need to change the dose of this vaccine to make sure that you get the full benefit from the vaccine . while you are taking this vaccine you may not be able to have a full protection ( for example , a drip of liquid from a syringe 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ambirix is given the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg given as an injection into the muscle of the upper arm . your doctor will decide the dose you need and how often you need to receive your injection . the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on your body weight and body weight . a single injection will be given at least every two weeks . you will receive one injection into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) into the thigh muscle . for subsequent injections , your doctor may decide to give you two injections within 12 months . however , you should not receive more than one injection within 6 and 12 months depending on how you respond to the treatment . it is important that you follow the instructions from your doctor regarding return visits . do not
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials with ambirix : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic and anaphylactic reactions rash , itchy blistering and swelling around eyes and face difficulty in breathing or swallowing sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . other side effects may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined using the following convention : common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people headache loss of appetite feeling tired , irritable or sleepy dizziness difficulty in sleeping , diarrhoea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestine
bexsero is a meningococcal group b vaccine . it is used in adults to help protect you against the bacteria neisseria . bexsono belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is used to treat a wide range of infections , including meningitis ( inflammation of the brain and spinal cord ) and sepsis ( blood poisoning ).
do not use bexsero - if you are allergic to eculizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given . before you start treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or nurse if your child has a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to your child , the vaccination will be postponed until your child recovers . if the infection is severe , such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you can still be vaccinated . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because there is no experience with this vaccine in this age group . other medicines and bex
always use this vaccine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . bexsero is given as an injection into a muscle ( intramuscular route ) in the thigh or upper arm . your doctor will tell you when you need your next injections . you should receive three injections of the vaccine . the first injection will be given at least 1 month apart . a second injection ( booster ) should be given between 1 and 2 months after the first dose . it is recommended that you follow the instructions from the doctor or nurse so that your child completes the course of injections as instructed by your doctor . how much and how often you will receive your child ' s doctor will decide how much vaccine to give you , depending on your disease and on how well your child responds to the treatment . children and adolescents do not give this vaccine
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with bexsero : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain / tenderness at the injection site , redness of the skin , injection site swelling , skin at the site of the injection , hardness of skin at injection site hardness . injection site reactions : the following may affect up to 1 in 100 people : a very common injection site reaction , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
what bexsero contains - the active substance is human coagulation factor viii ( amiodarone ). - each vial of powder contains 50 micrograms of aluminium hydroxide equivalent to 0 . 5 ml of heparin , sodium chloride , histidine , sucrose , and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given bexxero , what you should know before and after you have been given bexxserro . the powder is white to off - white . each pack contains 1 vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
nitisinone mdk is a medicine that contains the active substance nitoctocog alfa . it is used to treat adults with hereditary tyrosinemia type 1 ( ht1 ), a disease where your body does not produce enough of a substance called ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonist ' ( adrenoreceptor - receptor ) and where the receptors in the body are not working properly . by blocking the activity of an enzyme in your body , it reduces the amount of tirosine and phenylalanine ( an amino acid ) that is missing or cannot be removed .
do not take nitisinone mdk : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 12 years of age . other medicines and nitric oxides there are no known interactions between nitsinone and other oxides in the blood . pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine during pregnancy unless your doctor tells you to . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . take special care with this medicine it is important that you follow all the instructions of your doctor and follow the instructions for use carefully . do not stop taking this product without consulting your doctor first . your doctor may ask you to stop taking n
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . nitisinone mdk is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . for patients with hereditary tyrosinemia , the recommended dose is one tablet a day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take , and how long you should continue to take them . do not take more than the prescribed dose . take the tablet at the same time each day , with or without food . this will help you remember to take the tablets . how to take swallow the tablet whole . you can take your tablet at any time of the day : with or just after food , in the morning and evening . it does not matter whether you take it with grapefruit or grapefruit juice . the tablet can be taken with
what nitisinone mdk contains - the active substance is ni . each hard capsule contains 100 mg of nisinon . - each capsule contains 500 mg , 500 mg or 1000 mg of the medicine . the other ingredients are : capsule content : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) and black iron oxide ( see end of section 2 for further information on the contents of the hard capsules ). capsule shell : shellac , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( nederland ) - hard gelatin capsule : white to off - white , capsule - shaped capsule , engraved with ' n ' on one side and plain on the other side . capsule body : titanium dioxide [ e172 ] ( hdpea ]) ( ph adjustment )
docetaxel accord must not be given : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . you must have blood tests before each treatment to check that you have enough white blood cells and have adequate liver disease . your doctor will monitor your blood cells before and during your treatment . during treatment , you may be given other medicines to help you remember them . before you start treatment with this medicine , your doctor or nurse will perform blood tests to monitor how well your liver is working before , during , and after your treatment you will have regular blood tests during treatment to monitor the number of blood cells in your blood . in case of blood cell disturbances you may experience fever or infections . tell your doctor immediately if your abdominal pain
docetaxel accord will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will work out your dose according to your weight and your general condition . the dose you receive is based on your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will be worked out by your doctor using the following formula : infusion method the recommended dose is 1 g / kg of body weight given once every 3 weeks by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour . you should usually receive your infusion once every three weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests and your response to the treatment , your general health and your overall response to treatment ; however , in some cases you may experience diarrhoea , sores in the mouth 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most frequently reported adverse reactions of docetaxel teva are : decrease in the number of red blood cells and white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . you may need urgent medical attention . in some cases , these reactions may be life - threatening . allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness , cough , abdominal pain , constipation , flatulence , back pain . uncommon side effects these may affect
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2c - 8c ). docetaxel accord is for single use only . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 . after the infusion has been completed , the product should be discarded if it is used within 12 hours of the first infusion . this medicine should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment .
what fluorotec contains - the active substance is docetaxel . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 20 mg of docetaxil ( as besilate ). each vial of 10ml concentrate contains 10 mg / m2 of dotaxel ( s ). after reconstitution , one 0 . 5ml glass vial contains 1 mg , 2 mg or 3 mg of the medicinal product . - after dilution , 1 mg or 4 mg of solvent contains 1 mmol of doceaxel in a vial containing 1 mg of dl of solvent . the other ingredients are polysorbate 80 , citric acid and water for injections . see section 2 for further information about docetaxyl and docetacel in the section " docetancel contains sodium ". what docet
intuniv contains the active substance guanfacine . this belongs to a group of medicines called stimulants . these are substances that stimulate the brain to produce impulse , become impulsive , hyperactive ( attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ) and treat adhd symptoms . they are usually taken with a current stimulant medication . the medicine works by reducing the number of signs and symptoms of adhd in the brain , allowing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against adhd . if you have adhd for more than 4 weeks , you should contact your doctor . your doctor will discuss with you which medicine is best for you . intunev is used to treat adults with adhd who have moderate or severe adhd and who are not able to tolerate the treatment .
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to guanfacine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . high blood pressure and heart problems this medicine is not recommended for patients with heart problems . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . fainted while taking this medicinal product . recent thoughts or feelings of suicide have been reported . withdrawal symptoms may be associated with an increased heart rate . therefore , your doctor will monitor your heart rate during treatment with this medicine to check your blood pressure regularly . children and adolescents do not give this product to children under the age of 18 years because the safety and efficacy in this age group has not yet been established . other medicines and intunev tell your pharmacist or nurse if your child is taking , has
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . intuniv is for oral use . swallow the tablets whole with a drink of water . for treatment of adolescent behavioural disorders , the recommended dose is one tablet a day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . do not chew , crush or chew the tablets . you should not take the tablets with other fatty foods , high blood pressure , slow heart rate , and slow breathing rate . feeling tired or exhausted : the doctor may decide to increase the dose to a higher or lower dose . if possible , show them the pack , or this leaflet . how to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you feel unwell , tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling drowsy feeling dizzy ( hypotension ) slow heart beat ( bradycardia ) feeling faint ( loss of conciousness ) ( syncope ) withdrawal side effect high blood pressure headaches feeling confused nervousness agitation tremors ( hypertensive encephalopathy ) reporting of side effects 39 if any side effects gets serious , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on
what guanfacine hydrochloride sfl contains - the active substance in this medicine is guanganf acine . each millilitre of the solution for injection in pre - filled syringe contains 20 mg of GUanfecine ( equivalent to 0 . 5 milligrams ). - each ml of solution contains 10 mg / m2 of guantfaine hydrochuride equivalent to 1 . 4 milliliters of a corresponding dose . the other ingredients are : hypromellose , methacrylic acid - ethyl acrylate copolymer , lactose monohydrate , povidone , crospovidone and microcrystalline cellulose , silica colloidal anhydrous , sodium laurilsulfate
