odomzo contains the active substance sonidegib . it is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called basal cell carcinoma , a form of cancer that cannot be removed by surgery or radiopharmaceuticals . the active ingredient is a protein called gamma kinase ( gc - k ), which can be present in large amounts on the surface of some cancer cells and can spread to other parts of the body if surgery or radiation is not possible . oDOMzo is used for the treatment of patients with basal cells in a hedgehog path . your doctor will discuss with you which treatment is best for you .
do not take odomzo : - if you are allergic to sonidegib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to become pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " below ) you are a woman of childbearing potential who could be at risk of harming or killing your baby if any of these apply to you , you should discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid the risk of injury and death . if your unborn baby is unborn , it is important that you follow all the necessary pregnancy prevention measures you have been told by your doctor that you are at risk for a pregnancy . you should use an effective method of contraception during treatment
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . odomzo is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet before swallowing . you can take the tablet with or without food . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take , depending on how you respond to the treatment . it is best to take your tablets at the same time each day , preferably in the morning and evening . take the tablets with food or between meals to make sure that you are fully hydrated , and that the medicine is fully absorbed . to help you remember to take it , take it at
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : birth defects : odomzo may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - if a woman is pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , contraception and breast - feeding " below ) - an allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , itching of the skin , rash , or raised bumps other side effects include : muscle cramps , muscle pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , loss of appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): muscle
what odomzo contains - the active substance is sonidegib ( as phosphate ). each hard capsule contains 100 mg of his / her metabolite , corresponding to 250 mg / ml when reconstituted as recommended . the other ingredients are crospovidone , magnesium stearate , poloxamer 188 , silica , colloidal anhydrous , sodium laurilsulfate , gelatin , iron oxide yellow ( e172 ), titanium dioxide , and iron oxide black ( ph adjustment ). printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( k30 ) and inks containing white to off - white powder . each carton contains 1 bottle with 60 tablets .
bonviva contains the active substance ibandronic acid , which belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it works by reducing the amount of calcium in your body . bone loss ( loss of bone ) is associated with a reduction in bone mass ( bone mass ) which results in breaking bones . Bonviva is used : to reduce the risk of fractures , especially in the spine and hip , in adult women with postmenopausal osteoporosis , to prevent fractures from occurring . to reduce bone loss , osteoporotic osteosis is a disease that causes thinning and weakening of bones , particularly in women after the menopause .
do not take bonviva - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bonvive . - you have narrowing or difficulty swallowing . this is a very common side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( bone damage in the jaw ). if this happens , tell your doctor or pharmacist . your doctor will check whether you have osteoporosis , a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . you should tell your dentist if any of these apply to you . bone problems can occur during treatment with bonvivo , but this is not a cure . tell the doctor or nurse straight away if : you have any problems with your jaw , mouth or teeth , you have poor dental
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . it is important that you take bonviva during pregnancy and breast feeding , unless you are postmenopausal . if your doctor determines that you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . when to start breast - feeding : you should start breast feeding at least 4 weeks after your last dose of this medicine . you must continue breast feeding until your doctor tells you otherwise . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with water
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : severe pain in the chest , with or without pain , nausea or vomiting , difficulty in swallowing , inflammation ( sores , constriction ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) itching swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat difficulty breathing , eye pain or inflammation or pain at the site of injection , weakness or weakness . other side effects include : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , abdominal ( belly ) pain or discomfort , pain in your arms , legs or arms . uncommon side effects this may affect less than
what ibvius contains - the active substance is ibandronic acid . each film - coated tablet contains 20 mg i bandronic acids ( as sodium monohydrate ). - other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ), povidone , cellulose microcrystalline ( e460 ), crospovidone ( type a ) and stearic acid purified . tablet coating : silica colloidal anhydrous tablet : hypromellose , titanium dioxide , macrogol 3000 . what ristaben looks like and contents of the pack the film coat consists of a white to off - white , oval , film coated tablet , debossed with " gsi " on one side and plain on the other side . the tablet can be divided into
ziagen is a medicine used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults . it contains two active ingredients : abacavir and abc . aBACavir belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). you should know that ziangen has been prescribed by your doctor because you have hiv infection and you have a low number of cd4 cells in your blood . this helps your body to fight infection . you should continue to follow the advice about diet and exercise that your doctor has given you .
do not take ziagen : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to abacavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to trizivir , triumeq or kivexa . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you take this medicine . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . you must not be given this medicine to treat hypersensitivity reactions while you are taking this medicine or while you ' re taking it . your doctor will monitor you closely during your treatment . talk with your doctor before you start taking this medicinal product if : you have hiv ( a virus that can cause side effects ) you have liver disease you have a liver disease ( hepatitis b ). you are overweight or have kidney disease .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much ziagen to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet before swallowing . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take , and how long you should continue to take them . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . this will help to reduce the risk of developing resistance to the treatment of infections and other illnesses linked to hiv infection . take the tablets at the same time each day , with or without food . it is important that you continue taking this medicine until your doctor tells you otherwise . if your doctor prescribes a medicine containing abacavir , the usual dose of
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood fats sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a side effect is caused by ziagen or by other medicines you are taking at the same time . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . if you have a hypersensitivity reaction ( a serious allergic reaction ) tell your doctor straight away . hypersensitivity reactions are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but they are very serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . you may still develop
what ziagen contains the active substance is abacavir ( as sulfate ). the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycollate ( type a ), magnesium stearate , colloidal anhydrous silica , triacetin , methylhydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), titanium dioxide , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( k30 ), talc , carnauba wax , yellow iron oxide , red and yellow ink ( see section 2 under ' what you need to know before you take ziag '). what ziagagen looks like and contents of the pack ziagent film - coated tablets are white to off - white , round , biconvex , film coated tablets , debosse
cresemba is an anti - fungal medicine containing the active substance isavuconazole . cresavucinazole belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , which work by stopping the growth of a fungus that causes an infection . the active ingredient in cressamba , isovucanazole, is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches specifically to fungi that causes aspergillosis . it is used in adults to treat a certain type of fungal ( e . g ., aspergosis ). it is also used in children and adolescents ( 2 years of age and older ) who have not been treated before . this medicine is used together with another medicine , amphotericin b .
do not take cresemba : - if you are allergic to isavuconazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have a fast or irregular heart beat ( familial short qt syndrome ) you are taking ketoconazoles ( a medicine used to treat fungal infections ) ritonavir ( for hiv ), rifampicin or ifabutin ( for tuberculosis ) carbamazepine ( for epilepsy ) barbiturate medicines ( e . g ., phenobarbital ) ( for the treatment of psychiatric conditions , including sleep disorders , such as phenytoin ) for the diagnosis of epi
cresemba will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the use of anti - cancer medicines . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) over a period of 30 minutes . your doctor will decide on the dose you should receive . if you miss a dose , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . you may have to wait until the next dose is due . how much to take the doctor will work out the correct dose for you based on your body weight . the usual dose is 1 . 5 mg per kg body weight per day . this is divided into two equal doses . depending on how you respond to the treatment , your doctor may decide to increase or decrease the dose if your symptoms do not improve
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking cresemba and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : rash , swelling of your lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). other side effects include : blistering of the skin , in the mouth and eyes , and / or genitals . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low potassium in the blood - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , flatulence . uncommon side effects
what cresemba contains - the active substance is isavuconazole . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 1 mg of isaveconazonium sulfate equivalent to 0 . 5 mg of the medicine . the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ) and sulfuric acid ( see section 2 under ' creatsema contains lactose ') and water for injections . see section 3 for further information about the contents of the pack . what crespi looks like and contents of this pack crespi is a clear , colourless to slightly yellow liquid in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . it is available in packs containing 1 vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
temozolomide teva is a medicine containing a substance called ' monoclonal antibody '. it belongs to a group of medicines known as ' angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists ', which are involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . the active substance in ' amglidothelial growth factor receptor 2 ' ( a type of cancer that affects the brain ) is ' glioblastoma multiforme ' and has not responded to treatment with other medicines . this medicine is used in combination with radiotherapy ( for the treatment of malignant gliomea ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above , and in children and adolescents ( from 2 years of age ) with newly - diagnosed brain tumours ( e . g . juvenile anaplastic a
do not take temozolomide teva - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment if : - you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( dtic ). signs of a serious allergic reaction may include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . your doctor may need to reduce the number of your blood cells ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important in fighting infection and in helping your blood to clotting . if any of these apply to you , or you are not sure , talk to
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one tablet a day . your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva based on your height and weight ( body surface area ). this will be calculated by your doctor depending on your tumour size and the type of chemotherapy you have had in the past . you may also be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 ). you will usually take some of these medicines to prevent nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma : you will be given a radiotherapy ( radiotherapy ) where you will take temazolomide for 4 weeks before radiotherapy is started . if your blood counts are abnormally low , you will
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - an allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction including hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty , bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills and headache . temozolomide teva may cause a decrease in the number of blood cells . this may lead to bruising or bleeding . anaemia ( low number of red blood cells with a fever and / or infections ). your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of this medicine or stop your treatment with this medicine ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , your doctor will stop the treatment immediately and start treatment again . in some cases , the medicine may not work very well enough .
what temozolomide teva contains - the active substance is temolomide ( as monohydrate ). each ml of solution contains 100 mg , 200 mg or 3000 mg . each vial of powder contains 500 mg of tetonin . - each vially of powder for solution for infusion contains 1000 mg / 0 . 5 mbq of the active ingredient . after reconstitution , each millilitre of the solution contains 1 , 000 mg of the medicine . the other ingredients are : colloidal anhydrous silica , sodium starch glycolate , tartaric acid , ethylhexyl alcohol . solvent : water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you take temazolomide to benefit from your medicine , you must read the section "
deltyba is an antibiotic used to treat tuberculosis of the lung . it works by stopping the growth of bacteria that cause the disease . antibiotics are medicines that help to control your condition . they are called ' monoclonal antibodies '. they work by blocking the action of proteins called cyclin - dependent kinase - 2 ( c2 )- receptors , which are involved in the development of resistance to new - strain strains of bacteria . these proteins help to stop the growth and spread of tubercuosia .
do not take deltyba - if you are allergic to carbamazepine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you take this medicine . you should tell your doctor before starting treatment with this medicine and during treatment if : - you have a problem with your heart ( ecg , electrocardiogram , or blood test ), or if your heart is not working properly , you have low levels of an enzyme called albumin , potassium , magnesium or calcium in your blood . your doctor may need to change your dose , interrupt or stop your treatment . if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to a doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine or while you are taking it . talk to the doctor or nurse immediately if
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take deltyba with or without food . do not take more tablets than your doctor tells you to take . it is important that you continue taking your medicine as long as prescribed . your doctor will tell you how many tablets to take each day , depending on how you respond to the treatment . if your symptoms do not improve after 6 months of treatment , your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose . the tablets should be swallowed with some water or other non - alcoholic drink . take the tablet at the same time each day to make sure that you have taken the right amount of medicine . this will help you remember to take it
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sensations of irregular or forceful beating of the heart - vomiting - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - headache - tingling , burning or pricking sensation , numbness of the skin ( paresthesia ), shaking ( tremor ), decreased appetite - constipation , vomiting , nausea , dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting . - weight loss . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people . they are usually mild to moderate . however , some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any
what deltyba contains the active substance is delamanid . the other ingredients are : tablet core : hypromellose phthalate , povidone , rac -  - tocopherol , microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycolate ( type a ), carmellose calcium , colloidal hydrated silica , magnesium stearate . film - coating : lactose monohydrate ( see end of section 2 ) tablet film coat : indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ) film coating ( s ): film coat ( 2 mpa . sfl .): talc , poly ( vinyl alcohol ) coating ( 5 mg / 850 ), macrogol 8000 , titanium dioxide , iron oxide yellow . this medicine is
do not use xoterna breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or glycopyrronium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if this applies to you , tell your doctor straight away . you must not use this medicine to treat asthma . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine should be used with caution . please also read the section " do not inhale " at the end of this leaflet for more information . take special care with this medicine your doctor will check you for any new or worsening asthma symptoms you have , or have ever had , heart problems or seizure . thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much xoterna breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . your doctor will tell you how many capsules to use and how often you should use them . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . use the inhaler provided in the pack to help you remember to use it . for use in elderly people ( age 75 years and over ), the recommended dose for adults and children is as follows : in this leaflet , you will find an appendix v . in the applicator . you can use this app to help guide you through the steps of completing the fff form . the app can be used at any time of the day , with or without food
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face ( urticaria ), skin rash ( signs of allergic reaction ), feeling tired or very thirsty , increased appetite , gaining weight , passing more urine , high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ), chest pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , weight loss , pain in the joints , muscle spasms , back pain . rare ( may effect up to one in 1 , 000 patients ): a serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as feeling tired , very thirst , feeling more hungry , not gaining
what xoterna breezhaler contains - the active substances are indacaterol ( as maleate ) and glycopyrronium bromide . each capsule contains 0 . 5 micrograms of the active substance indocaterol maleate equivalent to 1 . 25 microgram ( equivalent to 3 . 75 microgram ) of inddacatrol and 1 , 000 microgram [ corresponding to 2 . 05 microgram of glycoprotease ]) and 2 , 600 microgram indhetto . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , and indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ) ( see section 2 under ' inst '), carnauba wax , talc . what innobract looks like and contents
leflunomide ratiopharm belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance le flunomide , which belongs to the class of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . these medicines work by blocking the activity of a protein called cyclin - dependent kinase ( cdk ) receptor antagonists . by blocking these receptors , le Flunomide reduces their activity and thus reduces the risk of developing resistance to the treatment . what leflunomie ratiopanther is used for leflunovide ratiopantheor is used to treat adults with moderate to severe active reheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis . the active ingredients of rifampicin are : a type of arthritis causing inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain in different parts
do not take leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any other ingredient of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have had a skin reaction , e . g . fever , joint pain , red skin stains , blisters , or stevens- johnson syndrome . you have liver problems , kidney problems or low numbers of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). you have problems with your immune system . your doctor may want to monitor your bone marrow , blood pressure , and the amount of proteins that are produced by your body . this may be a sign of a problem with your blood circulation . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below 18 years of
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . leflunomide ratiopharm is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a sufficient amount of water . you can take le flunomide rapportpharm with or without food . for the first three days of treatment , rheumatoid arthritis the usual dose is 1 . 5 mg of leflunumide once a day . psoriatic arthritis the recommended starting dose is 2 . 7 mg / kg once daily . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you based on your response to the treatment . duration of treatment your doctor may prescribe you a longer term treatment if your disease does not improve within the first 3 days . after this , you should continue with this medicine for as long as prescribed by your doctor . the duration
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with leflunomide : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction : skin rash and ulcers in the mouth ( stevens - johnson syndrome ), toxic epidermal necrolysis ( erythema multiforme ) drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pale skin or ulcers of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if any of these symptoms occur , stop taking the medicine and seek medical advice immediately . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment . other side effects include 
what leflunomide ratiopharm contains - the active substance is le flunomide . each film - coated tablet contains 10 mg or 20 mg of the substance , corresponding to a concentration of 10 mg / ml at the date and time of calibration . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , low - substituted hydroxypropyl cellulose , tartaric acid , sodium laurylsulfate , magnesium stearate , lecithin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) and water for injections . see section 2 for more information about the contents of the pack . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor .
increlex contains the active substance mecasermin , which belongs to a group of medicines called anti - cancer medicines . it is used to treat adults aged 18 years and older .
do not use increlex if you are allergic to mecasermin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have a tumour that is currently causing growth ( cancerous or non - cancerous ). you have cancer that has been treated in the past . you have had cancer when you were treated with a medicine known as mecaermin ( benzyl alcohol ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . tumours and growths that are currently being treated with medicines known to be cancerous and not known , are not known or cannot be controlled . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment immediately . if your cancer has spread to other parts of the body , your doctor will monitor you closely during treatment 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . increlex is given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) using a pre - filled syringe ( 0 . 5 ml ) solution . your doctor will tell you how much to use , how often you should use it and how often . the recommended dose is : 1 , 000 units ( m2 ) once a day . use in children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children under 18 years of age because it has not been tested in this age group . this medicine is for subcutaneous use . you can inject this medicine yourself or with your child ' s doctor , pharmacist or nurse . it is important that you continue to follow your food and exercise plan while you are using this medicine . 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): mecasermin may cause low blood sugar ( hypoglycemia ), vomiting , injection site reactions , headache , middle ear infections , allergic reactions . increlex may cause cancerous and non - cancerous tumours . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with increelex . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ), generalised hives ( urticaria ), rash , redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , genitals , skin peeling , itching 
what neparvis contains - the active substance is mecasermin . each pre - filled syringe contains 250 mg of mecaermin in 0 . 5 ml of solution . - each reconstituted solution contains 10 mg mecassermin ( corresponding to a concentration of 25 mg ). - - other ingredients : benzyl alcohol , sodium chloride , polysorbate 20 , glacial acetic acid , and sodium acetate . what eylea looks like and contents of the pack eyedlea is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow solution , supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . the vials are supplied in packs containing 1 vial . not all pack sizes
xydalba contains the active substance dalbancin , which is an antibiotic of the glycopeptide group . xedalbea is used to treat adults with serious infections of the skin , especially under the skin caused by bacteria . these infections are caused by a variety of bacteria that live in the bacterial cell walls . the bacteria that cause the infection usually respond to treatment with other antibiotics . your doctor has prescribed this medicine because you do not feel better or if you feel worse after a few days .
do not take xydalba : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - you must tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have kidney problems . you have severe diarrhoea that has not been treated before . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . this medicine should not be used in combination with other antibiotics ( such as vancomycin , teicoplanin ). if any of these apply to you , tell the doctor or nurse immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your pharmacist , nurse or pharmacist before taking x
xydalba will be given to you under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will decide how much medicine you need and how often you should take it . the usual dose for adults is 1 . 0 mg / kg once daily , given as a drip ( infusion ) into a vein . patients with kidney problems if your kidney problems are not well controlled , your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose . you may need to take your medicine at the same time each day , but this will take at least 30 minutes . it is important that you continue to follow the advice about diet and exercise given to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue rash itchiness throat tightening drop in blood pressure difficulty in swallowing or difficulty in breathing hypersensitivity reaction ( uncommon side effect ) abdominal pain , stomach ache or watery diarrhoea infection of the bowel , which may affect more than 1 in 100 people . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
what xydalba contains - the active substance is dalavancin . each ml of solution for injection or infusion contains 2 . 5 mg d albavancan hydrochloride equivalent to 0 . 8 mg / m2 . the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), lactose monohydrate , water for injections ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of these ingredients '), hydrochuronic acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) ( see end of section 2 for further information on sodium ). what you need to know before you are given a dose of this medicine , check with your doctor or pharmacist if you do not feel better or if any of the above applies to you . if your dose is less than 12 g / 24 
arava belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance leflunomide . arava is used to treat adults with moderate to severe symptoms of active psoriatic arthritis in adults . active reheumatoid arthritis is a disease characterised by inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms can include : loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy , anaemia ( lack of red blood cells ) in adults with active ppt - 1 , 000 patients in a clinical trial . symptoms associated with ptt are inflammation of the joints and swelling . your doctor may prescribe arava to you if you have any questions about how arava works or why it has been prescribed for you .
do not use arava - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arava ( see section 4 ). - an allergic reaction may be recognised as a skin reaction with symptoms such as fever , joint pain , red skin stains and blisters ( stevens- johnson syndrome ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and arava tell your doctor or pharmacist if : - you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . arava may affect the way some other medicines work . in particular , do not take arava together with other medicines for multiple sclerosis 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . arava is for oral use . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . you can take arava with or without food . for the first three days of treatment , rheumatoid arthritis the usual dose is 20 mg once a day . psoriatic arthritis your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . your doctor will tell you how much arava you should take . do not exceed the prescribed dose unless your doctor tells you to . children and adolescents arava should not be given to children or adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and arava tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if your child is taking , has recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking arava and contact a doctor immediately if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction such as skin rash or ulcers in the mouth , which may be symptoms of stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ( erythema multiforme ). drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms . tell your doctor immediately about any of the following symptoms : pale skin , reddening of the skin or whites of the eyes , a feeling of spinning , or a general feeling of being unwell . the most frequently reported side effects are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people )
what arava contains - the active substance is leflunomide . each film - coated tablet contains 20 mg of the flunomide ( as monohydrate ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : maize starch , povidone , crospovidone type a , silica colloidal anhydrous , magnesium stearate , lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ), hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol 3000 , and talc . please see also section 2 " arava looks like and contents of the pack arava 5 mg / 12 . 5 mg tablets are white to off - white , round , biconvex , film coated tablets , debossed with " gsi " on one side and plain on the other side . arava 10
zerit is a medicine that belongs to a group of medicines called nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nsrtis ). it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults , adolescents and children over one month of age . zerits works by reducing the amount of hiv in your body . this will improve your immune system and reduce the risk of developing infections . it also helps to reduce the number of new infections caused by weakened immune system , which can be prevented by preventive treatment .
do not take zerit : - if you are allergic to stavudine or didanosine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zert if : you have kidney disease you have liver disease ( hepatitis or peripheral neuropathy ) you have numbness , tingling or pain in the feet or hands you have pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreatic gland ). this is a rare but potentially fatal condition called lactic acidosis ( see section " possible side effects "). you have been told by your doctor that you have an abnormally high level of uric acid in your blood . if any of these apply to you ( or you are
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will work out your dose of zerit based on your weight and the size of your stomach . the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . you can take the tablet with or without food . if necessary , your doctor may adjust the dose , depending on how you respond to the treatment . this will help you remember to take the medicine . it is important that you continue to follow the advice about diet and exercise given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . for example , if your weight increases , you may need to take a smaller dose of this medicine , or if someone else has taken your tablets , contact your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by zerit or by other medicines you are taking at the same time . if you notice any of the following , or any other change in your health , while you are receiving hiv therapy : - increase in weight - decrease in blood lipids ( glucose ) in the blood - loss of fat in the legs , arms , and face ( lipoatrophy ), a loss of body fat from stavudine , a common occurrence ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) of the body ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you take zerits "). if this happens , you should stop taking this medicine and see a doctor
what zerit contains the active substance is stavudine . the other ingredients are : magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycolate ( type a ), gelatine , iron oxide colorant , silicon dioxide ( e171 ), sodium laurilsulphate , titanium dioxide colorant and propylene glycol , purified water , potassium hydroxide , and iron oxide yellow . see section 2 . what cerit looks like and contents of the pack the hard capsules are white to off - white , capsule - shaped , hard gelatin capsules , debossed with " gsi " on one side and plain on the other side . they are supplied in blister packs of 14 , 28 , 30 , 50 , 56 , 84 , 90 and 100 capsules
irbesartan bms is a medicine that contains the active substance angiotensin - ii , a substance produced naturally in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in blood pressure . by blocking the binding of these receptors , the medicine reduces their activity , thus increasing blood pressure over a period of time . the effect of this medicine can also be seen in clinical studies in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes . if you have been prescribed this medicine for you , it is important that you also read the package leaflets for the other medicines that are used to treat your highblood pressure ( essential hypertension ) to help maintain the pressure in your kidney . it is therefore important to regularly measure the blood pressure to verify if it is within the normal range . in this way
do not take irbesartan bms : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking any medicine containing this medicinal product . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 3 months of age . other medicines and / or ionsitidy do not share this leaflet with other medicines . tell your healthcare professional if any of these apply to you before you take , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . take special care with this medicine the effects on the child ' s health care provider are not known . use in children under the age of 2 years is not recommended in this age group 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose of irbesartan bms is one tablet once a day . swallow the tablet with a sufficient amount of fluid ( e . g . one glass of water ). your doctor may prescribe a lower dose if necessary . patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease : the usual starting dose is 150 mg once daily depending on blood pressure response , and on how you respond to the treatment . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you , depending on your condition and on the severity of the disease . in some cases , the dose may be increased to 300 mg ( two 100 mg tablets per day ) once daily . for example , a 150 mg tablet once daily is the preferred maintenance dose .
like all medicines , irbesartan krka can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash ( urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in association with the use of this medicine . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - increase in blood pressure - type 2 diabetes - increased blood pressure in the blood - hypoglycaemia ( low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with i
what irbesartan boehringer ingelheim contains - the active substance is iirbésartan . each tablet contains 75 mg of iirisartan ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , colloidal hydrated silica , pregelatinised maize starch , poloxamer 188 , indigo carmine aluminium lake ( e132 ) and water for injections . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given this medicine , check with your doctor or pharmacist if you think you may have been given the wrong dose . please see also section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine ( see section 3 
luminity is a type of ultrasound medicine known as a ' contrast agent '. it works by allowing the body to see clearly what the inside body structures are and what they look like . luminisy is used for imaging tests , a scan of the heart and ventricle ( echocardiography ), a diagnostic test , to obtain an image of your heart . the ultrasound scan is used to check for coronary artery disease in adults . it is used if the patient has obstruction of the blood vessels supplying the heart muscle . this medicine can be used to obtain a clearer , colourless to slightly yellowish , image ( non - contrast echocardiogram ) that can be seen in patients with heart disease .
do not use luminity : - if you have had an allergic reaction in the past . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had an ultrasound , have had a heart shunt , or have had any heart or lung diseases . you have a history of inflammation ( sepsis ) or a hyperactive coagulation system ( hsv ). you have any blood clotting issues , including recurrent thromboembolism . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely during treatment . this is to reduce the risk of blood clumping . patients with liver disease or kidney disease . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility there is limited experience of luminitiness in
luminity will be given to you by a doctor experienced in ultrasound examination . it will be injected into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 30 minutes . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 ml for each kilogram of your body weight . your doctor will decide the dose you should receive . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic type reactions , including swelling of the face , have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you have any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . serious allergic types ( anaphylactic shock , convulsions , severe allergic reactions ), heart or breathing problems , cardiac arrest or post - marketing reactions . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache flushing common side effects may affect 1 to 10 people dizziness altered taste , reduced blood pressure , difficulty in breathing , throat irritation , cough , diarrhoea , constipation , rash , itching , redness of the skin uncommon :
what mpeg5000 dppa contains - the active substance is perflutren . each ml of solution contains 1 , 000 iu , 2 - dipalmitoyl - sn- glycero - 3- phosphatidylcholine equivalent to 0 . 5 mg , 1 - distilled ( e321 ) - poly ( methoxypolyethylene glycol 5000 carbamoyle ) monosodium salt , e524 ( mppa ) and n - ( methethoxy polyethylene glycoll 5000 carbamoyer ) poly ( mono sodium salt ) equivalent to 1 . 3 mg / mmol ( ph ) ( mph5 dppe ) sodium dihydrogen phosphate mono
trisenox is used to treat adults with newly diagnosed low - to - intermediate risk acute promyelocytic leukaemia ( apl ), and in adults with chronic myeloid lesions ( ml ). these diseases are caused by abnormal white blood cells , abnormal bleeding and bruising .
do not take trisenox - if you are allergic to arsenic trioxide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : - you have a history of leukaemias . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . you must inform your doctor before starting treatment if any of these apply to you before you start treatment . the use of trisennox in patients with impaired kidney function is not recommended . patients with liver problems will be carefully checked by their doctor . tests will be performed to check the amount of potassium , magnesium , calcium and creatinine in your blood before and during treatment , to check that the level of potassium in the blood is adequate . children and adolescents
treatment with trisenox will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of acute promyelocytic leukaemia . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults and adolescents ( 12 years of age and older ) is 1 . 5 mg once a day . if your disease responds well to the first dose , your doctor may give you 1 mg once every day as an infusion . your doctor will monitor you during and after the infusion to check that your disease is better . use in children and adolescents this medicine is used in children aged 2 years and above . for children aged 6 to 17 years , the usual dose for children is 2 . 75 mg once each day , given every other week as a maintenance dose . in this case ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : differentiation syndrome ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): difficulty in breathing coughing chest pain fever other side effects may include : allergic reaction , which may cause difficulty or fever , rapid weight gain water retention fainting palpitations ( heartbeat in the chest ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ). fatigue , weariness , pain , fever headache , and headache . uncommon side effects are : weight gain , water retention , fainting , palpitation ( fast or irregular heartbeat ) chest pain . trisenox may cause fatigue and weariness pain at the site of injection . very common 
what trisenox contains - the active substance is arsenic trioxide . each ml of concentrate contains 20 mg of arsenseic trioxyide . - each vial of 10ml concentrate contains 50 mg of a diluted ( 0 . 9 %) solution for infusion containing 10 mg of the active ingredient . the other ingredients are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ), ethanol and water for injections ( see section 2 ). what you need to know before you are given thrisenox , what you should know before and during your treatment . what arisenox looks like and contents of the pack arose is a clear , colourless to slightly yellowish solution . it is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . pack
lemtrada contains the active substance alemtuzumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . these antibodies are designed to recognise and attach to specific targets in the body ' s immune system . in multiple sclerosis ( ms ), the activity of the immune system is reduced , and the disease relapses . this means that the disease cannot be adequately controlled with a single injection of a beta - interferon injected . what lemtorada is used for ? m . m is an autoimmune disease that affects the central nervous system , including the brain and spinal cord . it also protects against attacks on the nerve fibres caused by inflammation . inflammation causes the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease and so reduces the risk of reoccurrence of symptoms . your doctor has
do not use lemtrada : - if you are allergic to alemtuzumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you are infected with human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection . you have an autoimmune disease called multiple sclerosis ( ms ). you have high blood pressure , tears in blood vessels to the brain , a stroke , heart attack or chest pain , as this may be a sign of a bleeding disorder . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and lemtation tell the doctor or nurse if your child is taking ,
lemtrada will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as an infusion ( drip ) over 5 days . the infusion will last approximately 3 days one year later . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you miss an appointment to have your infusion , call your doctor straight away to reschedule your appointment . it is very important that you do not miss a dose of this medicine . do not stop treatment without talking to your doctor first . how much lemtabrada you will receive the recommended starting dose is 0 . 5 mg / kg body weight , given as a single infusion into a vein ( intravenously ). you will be infused once every 2 to 3 hours for at least 4 hours . this is to reduce the risk of side effects and to reduce infusion related side effects . you will usually receive your first in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): autoimmune conditions ( e . g . haemophilia a ) a bleeding disorder ( common : may affect up to 1 in every 100 people ). bruising nose bleeds painful and swollen joints ( signs of bleeding ) itp bleeding disorders ( itp ) bleeding disorders may occur uncommonly . they may affect less than1 in every 1 , 000 people . red , pink , purple spots on the skin . uncommonly it may occur as a result of a reduction in the number of menstrual periods than normal . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data : if you notice any unusual or unusual bleeding
what lemtrada contains - the active substance is alemtuzumab . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 20 mg of alemmtunab ( as disodium phosphate dihydrate ). - each vial contains diso sodium edetate potassium chloride , potassium dihydrogen phosphore , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride and water for injections . see section 2 for further information on sodium content . what lilly looks like and contents of the pack the concentrate is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow liquid in a glass vial with a rubber stopper and a plastic flip - off cap . the concentrate can be divided into two equal doses , i . e . one vial of 1 , 000 mg concentrate and the other vial
accofil contains the active substance filgrastim , which belongs to a group of medicines called cytokines , and is a natural protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli ( e . coli ). filgrastatim stimulates the bone marrow to produce more white blood cells which help the body to fight infection . the active ingredient in a complication called ' chemotherapy ' is to stimulate stem cells ( part of the blood that produce new blood cells ) to produce new white cells . this medicine is used to treat patients with severe chronic neutropenia ( a condition in which there is an increased risk of low counts of white blood cell production ). if you suffer from severe neutrophilia you will be given medicines to reduce the number of these cells which can lead to death . these white cells are important as they help your body fight infection
do not use accofil : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have sickle cell anaemia , as this medicine has not been studied in patients with sickle cancer crisis . you have osteoporosis ( bone disease ). you have abdominal ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your shoulder . - you have an enlarge spleen , known as a ' plenomegaly ', or ' rupture of ' the ' blood clot '. this may lead to bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely
accofil will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the treatment of neutropenia ( low number of red and white blood cells ) following chemotherapy . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg per kilogram of your bodyweight , given every 14 days . your doctor will decide how many treatments you will receive and how many treatment cycles you will be treated with . if you are given too much , your doctor may decide to give too much or too little of your own cells . you may receive up to 1 in 100 mg of your daily dose . this will be in the form of an infusion ( a drip ) into the bone marrow before you receive your first dose of this medicine . it will take about 1 - 2 hours for your first treatment cycle , followed by an interval of at least 4 weeks . after that , you may be given a total of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction : weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), skin rash , itchy rash ( urticaria ), swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ) and hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ). if any of these symptoms occur , stop taking the medicine and contact your doctor immediately . a small number of people being treated with this medicine have had these symptoms before . the most frequently reported side effects are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach pain , diarrho
what remdesivir contains - the active substance is filgrastim . each pre - filled syringe contains 60 million international units [ miu ] ( 600 microgram ) of filgraStim in 0 . 5 ml solution .  the other ingredients are acetic acid , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 80 and water for injections . see section 2 for further information about some of the ingredients of recombinant dna technology . what vedigrix looks like and contents of the pack the solution is clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow , and free from visible particles . pack sizes of 1 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 60 , 90 or 100 iu / 
perjeta contains the active substance pertuzumab , which belongs to a group of medicines called monoclonal antibodies . it is used to treat adults with early breast cancer . this type of breast cancer is a type of cancer that affects parts of the body such as the lungs or the liver . perjea is used in combination with other anticancer medicines ( chemotherapy ) to treat cancer in adults , when other treatments for cancer have not worked or are unsuitable . your doctor will discuss with you which combination of these medicines is best for you . if you have breast cancer or if your cancer has spread to other parts of your body , it may be given to you by surgery ( neoadjuvant therapy ) or by surgery . you will also be given other medicines to treat your cancer if other treatments are not suitable .
do not use perjeta : - if you are allergic to pertuzumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given perjea . if this applies to you , tell your doctor straight away . you may need urgent medical treatment . while you are being treated for your condition , your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell the doctor if your condition worsens . before you start treatment , you will be carefully checked by your doctor for signs of heart problems , such as heart failure , irregular heartbeats , high blood pressure , recent heart attack , or any changes in your heart function . your doctor will closely monitor your condition before starting treatment and regularly during treatment if necessary . it is important that you take regular blood tests before and during your treatment with
perjeta will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . it is given into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of one to two weeks . your doctor will decide how many treatments you need . if you are having surgery or neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy , your doctor may decide to continue with your treatment , or stop your treatment altogether . depending on the type of cancer treatments you receive , the usual dose is 10 mg trastuzumab andchemotherapy . the infusion will take about 30 minutes . you will usually receive your infusion once every 2 weeks for 3 to 4 weeks , but this may take longer than one or two weeks depending on how you respond to the treatment and the side effects you may experience . in the first few weeks after the first infusion , you will receive
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea ( low number of white blood cells ) shown by blood test : fever or infection feeling sick ( nausea ) fever , chills feeling tired headache loss of appetite joint and muscle pains hot flushes allergic and anaphylactic ( allergic ) reactions including swelling of the face , neck , arms , legs and / or arms . uncommon ( may effect upto 1 in 100 people ). very rare : dizziness , tingling or numbness of the hands , ankles or feet . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions , including swelling in the face or throat . if you notice any of
what perjeta contains - the active substance is pertuzumab . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 25 mg of pertumab ( as glacial acetic acid , l - histidine , sucrose , polysorbate 20 and water for injections ). - each vial contains 50 mg pertunab in 0 . 5 mL of concentrate . - after reconstitution , the solution contains 1 . 25 mmol / vial ( corresponding to a concentration of 1 mg permisic acid ). the other ingredients in the vial are : ethanol , sodium , calcium , magnesium , potassium and / or talc ( see section 2 under ' perjea contains sodium '), water , and phosphate ( e433 ). what per
pergoveris contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is similar to a natural hormone produced by the ovaries . it is used in women who are 18 years of age and older to treat low levels of testosterone in the blood . this medicine works by helping the body to make its own hormones work more effectively , and by increasing the production of hormones called oestrogens . frogoveris is used to treat a condition called ' lupus - f ' in female sperm , in women of childbearing age who have a deficiency in testosterone . you must read the package leaflets of these other medicines for further information on their activity .
do not use pergoveris : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if : you have any fertility problems . you have a brain tumour ( hypothalamus ) or pituitary gland . your ovaries or sacs of fluid ( ovarian cysts ). you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . this medicine is not recommended during cancer treatment . - you have cancer of the ovary or breasts . tell your doctor if any of the above applies to you . pregnancy and breasts there is no information on the use of this medicine in women after the early menopause . there is a possibility that you may develop malformed sex organs or benign tumours , such as porphyria ( an inability to carry out physical activity
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . pergoveris is given as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). it should be given at least 24 to 48 hours after the last injection of follitropin alfa . your doctor will tell you exactly how many injections you need and how often you should receive each injection . the recommended dose is 0 . 5 mg per kg body weight given once a week . if your doctor decides that you need a higher or lower dose , your doctor may decide that a lower or higher dose is needed . use in children and adolescents the recommended starting dose is 1 . 25 mg / kg per kg of body weight per day . for children weighing less than 30 kg , the recommended initial dose is 2 . 75 mg fff per
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic reactions allergic reactions may include : rash , red skin , hives , swelling of the face , difficulty breathing . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting . these symptoms may be the symptoms of a rare but serious side effect that may be life - threatening . the ovaries may become large sacs of fluid ( cysts ), which can be difficult to pump blood through them , which may be fatal . your doctor will monitor you closely for these symptoms and may adjust your treatment if necessary . in women with ova
what follitropin alfa contains - the active substance is lu ( human coagulation factor viii ). each ml of solution contains 0 . 5 million international units ( iu ) ( equivalent to 5 , 000 international units ). - each vial of powder contains 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 30 , 50 , 60 , 90 , 100 , 200 , 225 , 300 , 400 , 2000 , or 3000 micrograms / vial . - after reconstitution , the solution is clear , colourless , and free from particles . what affinity looks like and contents of the pack the suspension is a white to off - white powder in a glass vial
puregon solution contains the active substance follitropin beta , which belongs to a group of hormones called oestrogens . puregon is used for the treatment of female ovulation in the ovaries . oollicles are small round sacs , a type of infertility . it is used in combination with another medicine containing clomifene citrate which is used to prevent and treat fertility in women undergoing in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ) and to reduce the amount of hormone levels in your blood .
do not use puregon - if you are allergic to follitropin beta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using puregon as puregon may cause a tumour in your ovary , breast , uterus , testis , or brain . puregon is not intended for use in the pituitary gland or hypothalamus . it may cause irregular vaginal bleeding in the ovaries ( primary ovarian failure ) or ovulation cysts . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . the use of puregon in women is not recommended in women of childbearing age . therefore , puregon should not be used in children of less than 18 years . other medicines and puregon please tell your physician or pharmacist
puregon will be given to you by a doctor who is experienced in the use of ultrasound scanning . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much puregon to use the recommended dose of puregon is 0 . 5 mg / m2 of your ovaries once a month . your doctor will decide the correct dose for you , depending on the results of your ultrasound scanning and on how you respond to the treatment . puregon can be used with or without food . it is recommended that you use puregon in combination with chorionic gonadotrophin ( hcg ) and ivf ( hormone ) therapy . you will receive your first injections at an interval of at least 4 months , followed by two injections in the muscle ( buttock , leg or upper arm ).
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): hyperstimulation of the ovaries ( ohss ) in women ( ovarian over stimulation syndrome ) ultrasound scans of your follicles to check for any changes in your blood hormone levels ( e . g . pain in the stomach , feeling sick , diarrhoea , enlargement of the female ovulation , accumulation of fluid in the abdomen and chest , weight gain , fluid buildup , and blood clots . reporting of side effects 33 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side
what puregon contains - the active substance is follitropin beta . puregon 5 micrograms / 0 . 5 ml solution for injection in pre - filled syringe : each vial contains 5 , 000 iu ( corresponding to 5 . 3 microgram ) of a fusion containing 5 - 10 microgram of f - 0 in 0 ( m ) fl - 1 . 0 microgram ( equivalent to 7 . 6 microgram puregon ). - one vial of puregon 7 microgram contains 7 mbq of the fusion protein . the other ingredients are sucrose , sodium citrate , and water for injections . what purgon looks like and contents of the pack purgon is a clear , colourless , aqueous solution in a
efient contains the active substance prasugrel and belongs to a group of medicines called platelets . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . a blood vessel clot ( thrombus ) may form which can lead to bleeding , causing clotes to form in a narrow blood vessel ( artery ), a heart attack , myocardial infarction , stroke or death . these can be due to : - plaques in the arteries of the heart ( unstable angina ), which can cause severe chest pain , as a result of a serious blood coagulation process . by preventing platelets from forming , platelets reduce the risk of bleeding and so reduce the chance of bleeding . in patients with a long - standing condition ( e .
