incivo contains the active substance , peginterferon alfa - 3b , ribavirin , and telaprevir . these belong to a group of medicines called ns3 - 4a protease inhibitors . the nns4 - 5a proteace inhibitor is designed to block the growth of hepatitis c virus . it does this by blocking the activity of the other ingredients , including pegInterferon at the start of treatment and after completion of the course of treatment . if you have reacted to / or are unsure about any of the ingredients in the package leaflet , please contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . what is accectin ? incive is used for the treatment of chronic hispatitist c infection in adults , adolescents and children who
do not take incivo - if you are allergic to telaprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before or during taking the combination of : - peginterferon alfa - 2b or ribavirin . your doctor may need to adjust their contraceptions ( e . g . pregnancy precautions ) when taking icivo , in combination with peg interferon at the same time as rib . in this case , you must not take both . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children who are less than 18 years of age . this is because it is not known whether the medicine is safe or effective when used in this age group . other medicines and in this group of medicines may increase the risk of severe side effects 56
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will prescribe the appropriate dose regimen according to your body weight . the recommended dose regimen is 3 to 6 tablets ( 2 to 8 tablets ) daily . this means that you take each tablet at least 6 hours apart . for both hepatitis c virus infection and human immunodeficiency virus infection , efavirenz should be used according to the recommendation dose regimen . however , the dose can be divided into 3 to 8 doses ( 10 to 15 ), which are distributed over the body . if incivo is taken with food , it should be swallowed whole . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water , at a minimum of 60 minutes .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . rash tell your doctor immediately if you develop an itchy skin rash . the rash may get worse or get worse . depending on how severe the rashes are , or other symptoms may be , more likely to develop into a severe skin reaction . get medical help immediately , if rash occurs and / or you develop other symptoms , such as a rash with fever or tiredness , swelling of the face ( swelling of lymph glands ) or a wide - spread rash ( peeling skin ) with fever , flu - like symptoms and painful , burning sensation when urinating . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people a common symptom may be redness or itching of the skin , with or without fever 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle label after " exp ". this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . incivo tablets should be stored in the original bottle and keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . this medicinal product does not need to be thrown away . throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what incivo contains - the active substance is telaprevir . - each tablet of rimma contains 375 mg ( 8 . 7 mg ) at the date and time of calibration . the other ingredients are : tablet core hypromellose acetate succinate , calcium hydrogen phosphate ( anhydrous ), microcrystalline cellulose , silica colloidal anhydrously , sodium lauryl sulphate , croscarmellose sodium , and sodium stearyl fumarate . film - coat polyvinyl alcohol - part hydrolysed , macrogol ( 6000 ), talc , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) and iron oxide yellow ( only in this pack ) what the heck you need to know about the ingredients . what the pack looks like and contents of the pack yellow caplet
the active substance in zinbryta is daclizumab beta , which is a monoclonal antibody . the active ingredient ( rhpd ) is ribavirin , a type of protein designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . zin brrytta can be used in adults to treat multiple sclerosis ( ms ). if you have not responded well enough to therapy , you may need two relapses or treatments . inflammation destroys the protective sheath ( called myelin ) around the nerves of the central nervous system , the brain and spinal cord . this loss of myelanin is called demyelineration . in relapsing m , patients may experience repeated attacks ( retelapses ) of symptoms caused by the damaged nerves
do not use zinbryta : if you have previously had a serious allergic reaction to daclizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . see section 4 . liver problems - your doctor may need to adjust your dose . - you have ever had any other autoimmune disorders . you should not be given any other medicines , including herbal supplements . your doctor will discuss with you whether you need to take any medicines or supplements that you are taking at the same time , because they may increase the risk of liver side effects . some of these medicines may reduce the effectiveness of the medicine , but there is some risk that you will not get a full benefit from them . tell your doctor about all of these things . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the recommended dose of zinbryta is 150 mg given once a week . your doctor will take a blood test to check that your liver is working properly before you are given zinberytta . if your doctor thinks you may need a dose higher than 40 mg , tell your doctor . this blood test will also be done before you go to bed . it is important to follow the instructions in this leaflet so that your doctor can provide more information on the preparation and administration of  Zinbrytar . the first injection will be given under the skin in the thigh , stomach or upper back , or in the back of your upper arm . instructions for injecting zinbreta are given at the end of section 7 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects listed below were seen when you start your treatment with zinbryta . serious side effects liver problems ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) unexplained nausea ( feeling sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ), stomach pain increased tiredness loss of appetite ( anorexia ) problems with your skin or whites of your eyes turn yellow dark ( tea - coloured ) urine 41 uncommon : might affect up to 1 in 100 people severe inflammation of the liver that can lead to death . tell your doctor immediately if your liver is not working properly . severe signs of damage to the liver and / or death have
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the zinbryta pre - filled pen in original package in order to protect from light . you must take it out of a fridge once a day . if necessary , you can put a new slyringe / pen out of your refrigerator . see ' storage instructions for use ' at the end of this leaflet when you first use a pen . always keep the pen with you and use it exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure how to use it . when thawed , zin
what zinbryta contains - the active substance is daclizumab beta . each pre - filled syringe contains 150 mg daclizub beta in 1 ml solution for injection , corresponding to 150 mg dilution per millilitre of solution . the other ingredients are : sodium succinate , succinic acid , sodium chloride , polysorbate 80 ( e433 ) see section 2 ' zin brrytta has sodium ' for further information . what it looks like and contents of the pack zinmryte is a colourless to slightly yellow , clear to slightly opalescent , colourless , free from visible particles . it is available in : a silica / pen ( type i ) with an attached needle . not all pack sizes may be marketed
wilzin belongs to a group of medicines known as metabolism products . it is used to treat patients with wilsson ' s disease , a rare inherited defect in copper excretion in the liver , in the eyes and in the brain . this can lead to liver damage and neurological disorders . the medicine works by reducing the amount of food that the intestine produces , and by slowing down its further accumulation in the body . if the patient suffers from a condition called whiilson - syndrome , this treatment should be used under the supervision of a doctor .
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zinc or any of the other ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during your treatment with wilszin . before you begin treatment with the drug , your doctor will check that you have adequate levels of zinc in your blood and will adjust the dose if necessary . - during initial therapy your doctor may monitor you for signs and symptoms of willson ' s disease . you are currently taking another anti - copper agent , penicillamine . please inform your doctor and pharmacist if , while you are taking the tablet , you are still in the clinic or doctor for the initial treatment . it may be used in combination with other anti- copper agents , such as pentamidine , until your symptoms
always take wilzin exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the different dose regimens are available for patients weighing 25 kg or 50 kg : dose for adults , children and adolescents ( from 1 year of age ), adolescents and adults : - a 50 mg tablet , or 2 mg , if your doctor prescribes a different dose for you , your doctor will advise you on the strength to take . - the usual dose for children weighing less than 25 kg is 1 mg . your doctor may prescribe a higher or lower dose of one gilzin 50 mg tablets , depending on your child ' s height and weight . there are no recommendations for dose increases for children less than 2 years of age and adolescents . how much to take the usual starting dose for a child is based on body weight
like all medicines , wilzin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common in children ( 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon in children and adults rare in children less than 1 year of age , uncommon in 1 , 000 iu rare in adolescents and adults uncommon in adolescents between 10 and10 users in10 ,000 not known in adults common indent with the following categories : - decrease in titration of gastric irritation after treatment - changes in blood tests such as an increase in some liver and pancreatic enzymes and a decrease in blood red and white cells if you get any side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any potential side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not store above 25 . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what wilzin contains - the active substance is zinc . each hard capsule contains 25 mg of zinc ( equivalent to 83 . 92 mg zinc acetate dihydrate ) or 50 mg / ml zinc ( corresponding to 167 . 44 mg zincacetate dioxide ) and magnesium stearate . the capsule shell consists of gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), brilliant blue fcf , e133 , and talc . only for the 25 mg hard capsules , the imprinting ink contains white ink . for the 50 mg capsule , gold ink is stamped with " gil " in black ink on the capsule body and " 7975 " in gold in black on the cap . printing ink contain shellac , indigo carmine aluminum and red iron oxide , which are im
biktarvy contains the active substance bictegravir . this is an antiretroviral medicine known as an integrase strand transfer inhibitor ( nrti ) emtricitabine . it is another type of antibiotic known as a nucleoside reverse transcriptaser inhibitor ( in ntrtis ) 10ofovir alafenamide . in this type of medicine , an anti- retroviral medicinal medicine called a nanotide retrocriptasе inhibitor ( not ttrTi ). biktariy is used for the treatment of patients with human immunodeficiency virus 1 ( hiv - 1 ) infection . by stopping hiv from entering your body , your immune system may be at a higher risk of developing illnesses linked to hiv infection ( see section 4 ).
do not take biktarvy if you are allergic to bictegravir , emtricitabine , or tenofovir alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). take the following medicines : - rifampicin ( used to treat some bacterial infections and tuberculosis )- st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking biktarivy and during your treatment if : you have liver problems or a history of liver disease , including hepatitis . you have ever had liver disease including chronic histitis b or c , and you are taking antir
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not take biktarvy with antacids ( for example to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux ) in addition to aluminium or magnesium hydroxide mineral supplements , vitamins , magnesium and iron . see section 2 " what you need to know before you take these medicines ". your doctor will tell you exactly how to take , when to take your tablet and for how long your treatment is going to last . if your doctor decides to change your dosing schedule , schedule and times to take them . it is important that you also read the package leaflets of all the medicines that you take . when and where to take it : - before you go to bed , take it at least
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are inflammation or infection . in some patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of opportunistic infections ( infections that occur in people with a weak immune system ), signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after hiv treatment is started . it is thought that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . autoimmune disorders , when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue , may also occur after you start taking medicines for hiv disease . for this reason , it is important to note that : some of these side effects may happen soon after starting biktarvy . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the seal and carton after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . keep the seal tightly closed . please do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what biktarvy contains - the active substances are bictegravir , emtricitabine , and tenofovir alafenamide . - each biktarivy tablet contains bictategravir sodium equivalent to 50 mg ( 3 mg ) of biktegranvir ; 200 mg ( 5 mg ), edtricitatabine and tafovir oralafène fumarate equivalent to 25 mg / mg titration of the two active substances . the other ingredients are tablet core microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ( i )), croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate . film - coating polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide , macrogol and talc . printing ink : iron oxide red , iron oxide black and iron oxide
novonorm is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinide and it works by helping your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancras does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces , causing your body to release less of the sugar that your body produces . novonorgm is used to control type 2 diabetic diabetes in adults as an add - on to diet and exercise : treatment is usually started if diet , exercise and weight reduction alone have not been able to control ( or lower ) your blood glucose . yesvonorme can also be given with metformin , another medicine for diabetes .
do not take novonorm if : you are allergic to repaglinide or any of the other ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have type 1 diabetes . you may need to change the acid level in your blood to a normal level ( diabetic ketoacidosis ). if you have a severe liver disease .  you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions 47 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if any of these apply to you . your doctor will tell you : what to do , when to start or when to take it . children and adolescents there is little information on the use in children and young people with liver problems . there is limited experience of the use of novonorgm in children with moderate liver disease ( see also under ' other medicines and novon
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose of novonorm . the normal starting dose is 0 . 5 mg before each main meal . swallow the tablets with a glass of water immediately before or up to 30 minutes before each major meal , preferably at about the same time each day . if necessary , your doctor may increase the dose to 4 mg once a day , to reach a maximum of 30 mg before the end of 16 weeks . depending on how you respond to the medicine your blood sugar may become too low , leading to a hypo . please see if the level of sugar in your blood goes up . do not take more than the recommended dose . you should not take too many tablets in one day because your diabetes may get worse . consult your doctor before starting your treatment
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia the most commonly reported side effect is hypogloemia ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). it is usually assumed that a hypo in section 2 is not followed by a hoarse voice . generally mild / moderate , but hypogglycaemic unconsciousness may occasionally lead to coma . if this happens , medical help should be sought immediately . allergy allergy is very rare ( it may affect more than 1 user in 10 , 000 ). symptoms may include swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy and sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects have been reported since the marketing of novonorm . very common : the following side effects may occur with this medicine a common , possibly serious ,
what novonorm contains the active substance is repaglinide . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), calcium hydrogen phosphate anhydrous , maize starch , polacrilin potassium , povidone ( polyvidone ), glycerol 85 %, magnesium stearate , meglumine , and poloxamer . in addition , iron oxide yellow ( 1 %) and iron oxide red ( 2 %) are contained in the tablet core and in the film - coating . what novoorm looks like and contents of the pack novanorm tablets are round and convex and engraved with the novo 0 . 5 mm diameter , with the bayer cross on one side and the strength 1 on the other side . novotronorm is available in two pack sizes , each
pumarix is a vaccine for use in adults from 18 years old to prevent pandemic flu ( influenza ). pandemonium flu is an annual type of influenza that happens at intervals that vary from less than 10 years to many decades . it spreads rapidly around the world . the signs of pandemflu are similar to those of ordinary flu but may be more serious . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against the disease . none of the ingredients in the vaccine can cause flu . as with all vaccines , puMARix may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated .
pumarix should not be given : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde and sodium deoxycholate . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . however , in a pandemic situation , you may still be given the vaccine . this is as long as medical treatment is available straight away in case you have an allergic response . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine 33 warnings and precautions talk to you doctor / health care professional before having pumarx if : you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a spontaneous life threatening
pumarix can be given to individuals from 18 years of age onwards . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are asked to take the next dose . adults the recommended dose is one dose ( 300 mg ) given once a month . use in children and adolescents a similar h5n1 as03 - containing strain for children aged 18 years and older is not recommended . when a second dose is administered there should be an interval of at least three weeks between the first and second dose , but this vaccine may be administered at intervals of one to two weeks . it is recommended that adults use the same dose in each age group . there are three doses of puMarix children aged 3 - 9 years and adolescents from 3 to 10 - 17 years . your doctor or nurse will decide the appropriate dose based on your child ' s
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause you to have dangerously low blood pressure . if this is not treated it may lead to shock . your doctor knows that this might happen and will have emergency treatment ready to use . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people pain where the injection is given headache feeling tired aching muscles or joint pain common ; may affect up to 1 in every 10 people redness and swelling around the site of the injection fever sweating shivering diarrhoea feeling sick uncommon : might affect upt 1 in 100 people muscle weakness . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data abnormal heart rhythm problems where the vaccine is given haemoglobin level ( anaemia ) signs of serious mental changes or if your child has signs of confusion or
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . before the vaccine is mixed : do not use the suspension and the emulsion after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . do not freeze the vaccine . after mixing , use the vaccine within 24 hours and do not store above 30 . keep the vaccine in the bottle tightly closed . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what pumarix contains active substance : split influenza virus , inactivated , containing antigen * equivalent to : a / vietnam / 1194 / 2005 ( h5n1 ) like strain used ( pr8 - ibcdc - 2 ) in 0 . 5 ml ** per dose * propagated in eggs ** expressed in microgram haemagglutinin *** produced in vero cells by recombinant dna technology for the pandemic . the vaccine contains an ' adjuvant ' as03 to stimulate an improvement in the immune response of your immune system , and in the absence of squalene , do not respond to dl  - tocopherol , polysorbate 80 and all other ingredients in the vaccine . other ingredients : the other ingredients
somakit toc is a radiopharmaceutical product that contains the active substance edotreotide . the powder for the concentrate contains a so - called radioactive substance called gallium ( 68ga ) chloride , which is equivalent to a recombinant human derived thyroid hormone ( rdna ). it is supplied in a vial as a single dose . it can be administered separately or in combination with gallium( 68gal ) edetreototide for the purpose of this procedure . gallium is contained in the food that you eat during a medical imaging procedure called positron emission tomography ( pt ). this medical procedure involves taking images of the abnormal cells and tumours . this helps to confirm that your disease is at an advanced stage . your doctor has prescribed som
do not use somakit toc - if you are allergic to edotreotide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of allergic reaction could occur ( see section 4 , " what you need to know before you are given this medicine "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during your treatment with som akit tc , if : you have kidney or liver problems . you have renal or hepatic disease . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age because it is not known if the medicine is safe and effective in this age group . drink plenty of fluids to avoid dehydration during the examination . your doctor will discuss this with you . the examination may be repeated every 28 days . other medical conditions or conditions can affect the different parts of
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . somakit toc 29 will only be used in special controlled areas . this product will be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this product and will keep you informed of their actions . dose the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of somma kit toc to be used and for how long . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to achieve the appropriate outcome , depending on the medicine you have been given and its intended use . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult ranges from 100 to 200 mbq ( megabecquerel , the unit used to express radioactivity ). the quantity required to obtain the dose may be divided into equal doses . administration
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may occur during administration of somakit toc . symptoms include warm flush , redness of the skin , swelling , itching , nausea and difficulty breathing . allergic reactions may also include stinging at the injection site , as well as ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . after radiolabelling , somakit toc should be used immediately . chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 4 hours at room temperature ( 20 - 25 ) without any visible sign of deterioration . for radioactive products , see the section intended for hospital use .
what somakit toc contains - the active substance is edotreotide . each vial of powder contains 40 milligrams ( mg ) of édotraototide ( as 10 - phenanthroline ). the other ingredients are : gentisic acid , mannitol , formic acid ( e330 ), sodium hydroxide and water for injections . not all the ingredients in the solution are radiolabelling . the solution is clear and colourless . it is supplied in a glass vial with black flip - off over seal containing a white powder . when the vial is opened , the contents are a clear , colourless solution . one pack contains one vial .
what is afinitor ? umitor is an anticancer medicine containing the active substance everolimus . it contains three active substances : - jamaisolimus works by blocking the growth and spread of cancer cells . - dazuitor inhibits the growth of hormone receptor - positive advanced breast cancer ( postmenopausal ) in adults , who are already treated with non - steroidal aromatase inhibitors , which help to control the disease under control . in this case , it is used together with a medicine called exemestane , a teroidal aromatasa inhibitor , and in clinical trials . how zuritor works in patients undergoing hormonal cancer therapy for advanced tumours ( neuroendocrine tumours ) the tumour is located on the stomach or bowels .
you should not be given afinitor if you are being treated for cancer treatment with another medicine that contains the active substance quinidine . do not use quiitor after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton . if the latter applies to you , tell your doctor without taking the medicine . you are allergic to everolimus , to sirolimus or temsirolim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies you think you may be allergic but are not sure , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using afinitour if : you have any problems with your liver . your doctor has told you you have ever had any disease which may have affected your liver ( your doctor may need to prescribe a different dose of Afinitor for you ). you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 10 mg once a day . you can take the tablet with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may affect the way the medicine is absorbed and may change how much you take . if necessary , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose of afinitor ( 5 mg / day ) if your doctor prescribes a higher or lower dose , which may range from 5 mg to 7 . 5 mg depending on your response to treatment . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you , depending on how you respond to the medicine and on certain side effects . take the number of tablets as described above and take the next dose at the scheduled time . duration of treatment continue to take the lowest dose of quiitor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking afinitor and seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps the following side effects have been reported with the use of dazuitor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increased temperature ( chills ( signs of infection ) fever , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing ) inflammation of the lung ( pneumonitis ) uncommon ( may effect up to 1 in 100 people ).
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister foil after " exp ". store below 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . once opened the blister is a tablet and should be taken immediately . the tablets should not be used if the pack is damaged or shows signs of tampering . any unused medicine should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what afinitor contains - the active substance is everolimus . one vial of Afinitor 2 . 5 mg : each vial contains 2 , 5 mg of Everolimus ( as mesilate ). one ampoule of serveur depository 5 mg contains 5 mg or more of everolim ( as mires ). a vial and sachet are available in separate pack sizes containing 10 ampoules ( 10 mg / ml ), with or without jen ' t all the pack sizes may be marketed . the other ingredients are butylhydroxytoluene , magnesium stearate , lactose monohydrate , hypromellose ( e464 ), crospovidone ( type a ). the ingredients in the vial are lactosese anhydrous . what zurit
laventair ellipta contains two active substances called umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . these belong to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to help you breathe more easily . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out of the lungs . it also helps to lower the volume of the air you breathe in , which helps to improve the quality of life for all of the people who have a lot of air - in - person , and helps to keep it open for the day . what laventAIR ellippta is used for? chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in adults copd is a long - term condition characterised by breathing difficulties that slowly get worse . in copd the muscles around your airways tighten .
do not use laventair ellipta : 31 - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before using this medicine :  if your asthma remains uncontrolled , do so that you can be given the lowest effective dose of laventAIR ellippta in the treatment of asthma .  the following medicines may be more suitable for use in children and adolescents than adults , and adolescents with heart problems or high blood pressure ;  an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma ; an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder ; 30  epilepsy ; thyroid gland problems ; diabetes ; severe
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use laventair ellipta regularly it is very important that you use the product every day , as instructed by your doctor . this will help to maintain the level of medicine in your body as well as it can . do not use more or less than this 24 hours after you use it . when to take laventAIR ellippta use regularly to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if this happens you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have any of the following symptoms after taking laventair ellipta , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash ( hives ) or redness rare side effects [ may affect more than 1 in 1 , 000 people ]: swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( collapse ) syndrome : feeling very cold or cold ( hypoxia )) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) numbness , tingling or burning sensation when urinating ( keratitis ) swelling of the back of the mouth (
what laventair ellipta contains - the active substances are umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 55 microgramsumeclidium ( equivalent to 65 microgramS of umeklidinium brmide ) and 22 microgram ( mg ) vilantrol ( as trifenatate ) in the form of lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 in this section ) that is used to formulate the content of the 2 active substances , ' laventAIR ellippa contains lactosese ' and magnesium stearate . what lventair is lacta looks like and contents of the pack laptarellipa is an inhaler powder , pre - filled sachet . the elli
tremfya contains the active substance guselkumab , a monoclonal antibody . this medicine works by binding to a specific target substance in the body , called il - 23 . it is used to treat adults with psoriasis , with moderate to severe " plaque pnasitis ". this is an inflammatory condition that affects the skin and nails . to improve the condition , the skin should be cleaned regularly to reduce the appearance of nails and to reduce symptoms such as scaling ( shedding , flaking , itching , pain , burning ).
you must not be given tremfya if : you are allergic to guselkumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if any of these apply to you . you have an active infection , or you have active tuberculosis warnings , and you should be carefully checked by your doctor before being given ttremforya your doctor will check you for signs of an infection or an infection that keeps coming back . your doctor may also check for signs or symptoms that suggest an infection . it is very important that you and your doctor record the brand name and batch number of the product , as well as the batch number ( in this case please tell your doctor
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of tremfya is 100 mg ( 1 pre - filled syringe ) given under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ), every 4 weeks . your doctor may increase your dose up to 8 times per year depending on how you respond to the injection . do not try to inject more than one injection in the same day . injecting more than you should will not result in any harm . it is important to follow the instructions for your doctor , pharmacist or nurse so that you do not miss or skip doses . if your doctor thinks that you have missed a dose , contact your doctor to discuss when you can resume treatment . symptoms of psoriasis should be mild and usually resolve within a few days .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical attention : - serious allergic reaction that may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects include the side effects listed below . if these side effects become severe , they could be serious . some side effects may be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory infections : talk to a doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if they get worse . side effects that may show up in the upper and lower respiratory tracts are common . these effects are common in adults and children . they may be common in children aged 1 to 10
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the pre - filled syringe after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial and the premixe in the outside carton in order to protect from light . this medicine should not be used if the liquid is cloudy or contains flakes or large particles . once the ice has been removed from the refrigerator , the pre- filled sildenafil should be used within 30 minutes or discarded , even if it is not completely empty . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
what tremfya contains - the active substance is guselkumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 100 mg of guzelklumab in 1 ml solution .  the other ingredients ( excipients ) are histidine , hertidine monohydrochloride monohydrate , polysorbate 80 , sucrose , and water for injections . ( see section 2 ). what TREmfYa looks like and contents of the pack solution for injection is clear to opalescent , colourless to pale brown - yellowish - green , with a blue imprint of " a100 ". pack sizes : one carton pack containing one single - dose glass siringe , a multipack containing 2 ( 3 packs of 1 ) single- dose pre 
the active substance of trepulmix is treprostinil . treparstulil belongs to a group of medicines known as prostacyclins , which are hormones that bind to blood vessels by relaxing blood vessels . prostacycles also prevent blood from clotting , thereby lowering the amount of blood circulating in the body . the active ingredient in trepemix is called inoperable chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( cteph ). it is used in adult patients with persistent or recurrent cph who are not undergoing surgical treatment or whose exercise capacity is reduced , or cannot be given , due to symptoms of the disease . in adult with chronic trophopenia , the level of blood pressure is too high , and it can affect the blood vessels such as the heart .
do not take trepulmix : - if you are allergic to treprostinil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking this medicine , if : you have a disease called " pulmonary veno- occlusive disease " ( pvdc ), which is a disorder in which the blood vessels in the lungs become swollen and you develop a higher pressure in the blood vessel between the heart and the arteries . you have severe liver disease you have ever had a heart problem , such as a cardiac attack ( myocardial infarction ) within the last six months you are at high risk for severe changes in heart rate severe coronary heart disease or unstable angina a blood defect or a faulty heart valve
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . trepulmix is given as a continuous subcutaneous infusion ( injection under your skin ) through a small tube ( cannula ) in the abdomen or thigh . your doctor will decide on the correct dose for you , depending on your condition and on how well you tolerate it . in case you are given TREpulmix , you will receive a portable pump with your treprostinil supplied in a pouch . the pump will connect to the infusion line , so that you can easily describe what you have been given . an emergency unit should be available in case of accidental overdose . it is important to check the following daily doses : on days 1 , 2 . 5 , 5 and 10 of the 10 - day cycle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) widening of blood vessels pain at or near the infusion site reaction , including at or close to the imfusion site bleeding / bruising at the site of the injection , headaches , nausea , and diarrhoea jaw pain commonly reported in adults and children aged 1 to 10 years dizziness , light - headedness or fainting low blood pressure skin rashes muscle pain ( myalgia ) joint pain ( arthralgi ) swelling of feet , ankles or feet ( colitis ) uncommonly reported in children aged less than 6 months of age , swelling of ankles and feet ( oedema ). uncommonly these may affect up to 1 in 100 people . reporting of side
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . a trepulmix vial may be kept at room temperature ( up to 30 ) for continuous subcutaneous infusion in order to protect from light . from a microbiological point of view , unless the pre - filled syringe is inserted into the laboratory , the product should be used immediately . however , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 72 hours at 2oc 8oc followed by a clean and consistent occurrence of deterioration . the product must not be used if there are any signs of damage
what trepulmix contains - the active substance is treprostinil ( as sodium salt ). one ml of TREpulmix 1 mg contains 1 mg of trePROstINil . the other ingredients are sodium salt ( see section 10 ) and water for injections . each 10 mg / 10 mg vial contains 10 mg or 10 mg in trepropstinningil ( in this case sodium salt is not contained in this medicine ). trepmix 2 . 5 mg : each 2 , 5 mg tablet contains 1 . 4 mg of the active substances , treparstinkil ( ( as salt )). each 10 / 25 mg tablet does not contain any other ingredients . treperstkinil ( with sodium salt and water ) is contained in a vial , and trepemix 5 mg is supplied in via
thorinane contains enoxaparin sodium , a low molecular weight heparin ( lmwh ) which is equivalent to 1 million iu / ml when compared with existing blood clots . it is used for 2 weeks : - to stop blood coagulations in your blood . thoriane is used in order to : reduce the risk of blood clitches , and to prevent them from re - occuring in certain blood types , such as : severe kidney problems , an acute illness ( unstable angina ), or an attack on the heart ( a heart attack ). reduces the number of blood cells ; help your dialysis machine to stop severe kidney issues .
do not take thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during treatment . you should be aware that you may be allergic to other low molecular weight heparins ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). in some cases , you may have a reaction to a similar to that caused by a drop in the number of your clotting cells ( platelets ). this reaction may be serious and potentially life -
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . thorinane is given as an injection . your doctor will decide on the dose you need . the doctor will tell you how many times you need to give yourself a dose . you or someone else can give yourself the injection , or they can give you a different dose if they have different ages . they will explain to you how to give you the different doses . how should i give myself or someone giving you the first injection ? you will be given a first injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor or nurse may also decide to give your injection into a vein . this will reduce the risk of heart attack . in some cases , you will need to have an operation . it is important that you keep using THor
like other similar medicines ( medicines to reduce blood clotting ), thorinane may cause bleeding which may potentially be life - threatening . in some cases the bleeding may not be obvious . if you experience any bleeding event that does not stop by itself or if there is a possibility of excessive bleeding ( exceptional weakness , tiredness , paleness or dizziness ), headache or unexplained swelling , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking THorinanse and talk to your doctor if : you have a severe allergic reaction ( including difficulty breathing , swelling of the lips , mouth , throat or eyes ), or blockage of a blood vessel resulting from ablood clot , cramping pain or swelling in the legs , feet or ankles ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . thorinane may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a single period of up to four weeks before use . after dilution the solution should be used immediately , or within 8 hours if stored in a refrigerator . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . use this medicinal product only if it looks like water . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . discard this medicine if not used by the doctor / health care professional . the THorinanse pre - filled syringes are for single use only .
what thorinane contains - the active substance is enoxaparin sodium . one ml solution contains 100 mg of Enoxaparain sodium ( as mesilate ). each pre - filled syringe of 0 . 2 mL contains 2 , 000 mg / m2 of e KnoxaparIN sodium - both the solvent is water for injections . what THorinANe looks like and contents of the pack : the tr is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless type i neutral glass syingringe barrel , fixed needle and needle shield , with chlorobutyl rubber stopper and a blue polypropylene plunger rod . pack size : 2 cartons , each containing 10 pre  filled pens . not all pack sizes
senstend contains lidocaine and prilocaine . these belong to a group of medicines called local anaesthetics , and are used for the treatment of lifelong premature ejaculation in adult men . this active substance is produced by recombinant dna technology in a penis . it works by decreasing the time it takes for a woman to complete sexual activity .
do not use senstend : - if you are allergic to lidocaine or prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sensory - sensory sensitivity to other local anaesthetics . in some cases , amide - type local ananaeses are not appropriate . - you have a genetic disease or other condition affecting your red blood cells ( glucose ) due to phosphate deficiency , or anaemia ( methaemoglobinaemia ). - your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . the following conditions have been reported in patients with medicine sensitivities and sensitivity . you should be aware that some patients develop severe liver problems . since this medicine should be used with caution ,
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of senstend is 3 sprays 3 times a day ( 1 spray in the head of the penis ) at a maximum of 3 doses per 24 hours . use in children and adolescents 4 years of age and older the spray container should be opened before use to allow the pump mechanism to work properly . try to use the valve at the same time each time to avoid contact with eyes , nose , mouth and ears . if the pump is not working properly , it should be spraying 1 spray into the foreskin near the head and penis with the valve . caution should be used 1 time in the morning and 3 times in the evening . it should not be used in children or adolescents . in adults , adolescents , children , and adolescents 3 years
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with senstend : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inability to develop or maintain an erection increased feeling in the penis feeling of burning in and around the Penis uncommon ( may also affect upto 1 in 100 people ). headache local irritation of the throat or irritation on the skin redness on the failure to ejaculate during sexual intercourse abnormal orgasm tingling of a penis pain or discomfort in or around the peni itching of the skin abnormal heart beat , heart beat irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , penis irregular heart beat faster heartbeat dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting diarrhoea feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) feeling drowsy feeling irritable ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton after " exp ". store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store the container in the original package in order to protect from light . the vial may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a single period not exceeding 12 months . once removed from the metal container , the product must not be used or discarded . warnings and precautions do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what senstend contains - the active substances are lidocaine and prilocaine . - each ml of solution contains 150 micrograms ( 9 . 5 mg ) lidocasine and 50 microgram ( 0 . 25 mg ). - either a single spray or a solution that contains a minimum of 50 microlitres , corresponding to a megabecquerel / 5 mm / spray container . each deliverable dose contains 7 . 7 milligrams of lidoçaine and 2 . 4 millilitres ( 23 mg / 20 mmol ). each spray container delivers a maximum of 5 sprays . one spray provides a total of 12 sprays of light yellow cutaneous spray in an aluminium spray container with metering valve . pack size of 1 ( 4 x 5 ) spray containers 
opdivo is a medicine used to treat advanced melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ) in adults . it is used for complete section in adults ( treatment with surgery or adjuvant therapy ) and for advanced non - small cell lung cancer ( the type of lung cancer that most commonly appears in adults advanced renal cell carcinoma or advanced kidney cancer ). it is also used in adults classical hodgkin lymphoma that has come back or has not responded to previous therapies , such as an autologous stem - cell transplant , or a transplant . advanced cancer of the head and neck in adults advance urothelial carcinoma ( the form of bladder and urinary tract cancer ), in adult nivolumab , a treatment which suppresses the immune system and helps to kill tumours . this medicine is given together with another medicine called nucleoside
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). talk to your doctor if this applies to you . warnings and precautions talk to you before and during using the following medicines : - contact with your doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if : you have ever had a change in the rhythm or rate of the heartbeat you have an abnormal heart rhythm you have problems with your lungs ( such as breathing difficulties or cough ) you have inflammation of the lungs known as pneumonitis or interstitial lung disease . you suffer from diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ) or any symptoms of inflammation of your intestines ( colitis ), such as ulcerative stomatitis
always take opdivo exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose in adults is one 240 mg tablet once a day , given as 2 separate doses of 480 mg per day . your doctor may increase or decrease your dose if necessary . when to take ? the usual starting dose in children and adolescents is 4 mg / kg of body weight twice daily . in some patients , the recommended total daily dose of obdivo in combination with ipilimumab may be reduced , depending on the treatment for skin cancer . for adults , your doctor will calculate the correct dose for you , taking into account your body weight . the recommended daily dose in kilograms is calculated as the kilogram you weigh . to calculate the right dose , use the number of milli
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . be aware of important symptoms of inflammation . opdivo can affect your immune system and may cause inflammation in parts of your body . inflammation may cause serious damage to your body and some inflammatory conditions may become life - threatening and need treatment or withdrawal . please tell your doctor if you notice any of the effects above . other side effects that may be seen during treatment with a prescription : 94 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of some white blood cells diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ) nausea skin rash with blisters numbness , tingling or burning sensation when urinating feeling weak or generally un
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and vial label after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for up to 25 days at 25 and 48 hours at 2oc to 8oc . from a microbiological point of view , the infusion solution should be used immediately . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
what opdivo contains - the active substance is nivolumab . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 10 mg of navolum. each vial contains either 40 mg , 4 mg ( 100 mg ), 10 mg ( 240 mg ) or 24 mg ( 1 , 000 iu ) ( 8 . 6 micrograms ). -the other ingredients are : sodium citrate dihydrate , sodium chloride ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients of oodivo '), mannitol ( e421 ), pentetic acid , water for injections , polysorbate 80 - sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid . what the solvent contains : hydrogenated in the solvent ( 0 . 56 %) solution for injection ( infusion
the active substance of clopidogrel tad , cisapril , belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumped together , antiplatelets medicinal products reduce the chances of blood  clots forming ( a process known as thrombosis ). you have been prescribed this medicine because you have already taken all of your own blood ( thrombi ) and have been warned that you have at least one additional risk factor . hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), which can lead to atherothromboisis , and can be life - threatening ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). your doctor has
do not take clopidogrel tad : 30 - if you are allergic to cox - 9 , peanut or soya or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). -if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer , or bleeding within the brain . - is a serious medical condition which can be fatal ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions if any of these apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking your medicine . take special care and pay attention to the situations mentioned below for example : - when you are bleeding . this may be due to a legal condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as an stomach ulcer or a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding or bleeding inside any tissues or organs ). talk to your doctor
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel tad per day to be taken orally with or without food , and at the same time each day . if your doctor determines that you have a severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg of ' c '. ' then , the recommended starting dose is two 75 mg / 5 mg tablets per day as described above . at the start of treatment , your doctor will start you on one 75 - mg tablet , which is then gradually increased to the next level . you will usually start treatment with just 75 mg of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and , if not treated , confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters ofthe skin . this may be the result of an allergic reaction . some patients have had severe skin reactions , including rash . the most frequently reported side effects are : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarr
what clopidogrel tad contains - the active substance is clopinogrell . each film - coated tablet contains 75 mg of clopogrelor ( as hydrochloride ). - other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , crospovidone ( type a ), macrogol 6000 and hydrogenated castor oil in the tablet core and polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), red iron oxide ( е172 ), yellow iron oxide [ e172 ], talc and macrogol 3000 in the film coating . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given cps : what cpps looks like and contents of the pack the film- coated tablets are pink , round and slightly convex . boxes of 7 and 14
tacforius contains the active substance tacrolimus . it is an immunosuppressant . following your organ transplant ( e . g . liver or kidney ), your body ' s immune system will try to reject the new organ . tacforisus is used to reduce the rejection of a transplanted organ by the liver , kidney and heart , and to allow your body to accept any previous treatment that you were given during your transplantation .
do not take tacforius : - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). contact your doctor or pharmacist if he / she is taking / has taken / held back the tablet . - contact with your doctor should be noted that you / your child should not be given the medicine if your doctor / nurse thinks you , or the child you are caring for , are allergic ( including the patient ' s doctor , who will decide if the medicine is suitable for you ) - you - are taking , have recently taken or might take any macrolide - antibiotic ( for example erythromycin , clarithromycin or josamycin ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you take tacfordimus immediate - release capsules ( e .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine should only be prescribed for you by a doctor with experience in the treatment of transplant patients . make sure that you receive the same tacforius medicine every time you collect your prescription , unless your transplant specialist has agreed to change to a different tacforimus medicine . when to take this medicine your doctor will check that you have the right medicine and the right dose to prevent the rejection of your transplanted organ . the dose will depend on your body weight , size and weight . initial daily doses just after transplantation will generally be in the range of : 0 . 10 - 30 mg per kg body weight per day starting on day 35 of receiving the transplanteer . in case of rejection , these same doses should be used . doses may be given
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . infections : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any signs of infections while you are taking tacforius . severe effects may occur , including allergic and anaphylactic reactions . benign and malignant tumours have been reported following tacforinius treatment . cases of pure red cell aplasia ( a very severe reduction in red blood cell counts ), agranulocytosis ( which is a severely lowered number of white blood cells ), haemolytic anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells due to abnormal breakdown ) and febrile neutropenia ( decrease in the number of some types of whiteblood cells which fight infection ). these may be life - threatening . a severe increase in your number of platelets , which may result in
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . use all the prolonged - release hard capsules within 1 year of opening the aluminium wrapping . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . throw away any unused capsules via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what tacforius contains - the active substance is tacrolimus . each hard capsule of tacfordius 0 . 5 mg contains : one dose ( 500 mg ) contains 0: 5 mg of tacrolin ( as monohydrate ). each capsule debossed with " 1 mg " on one side and a half 0 ( 3 mg ] on the other side . - this dose ( 1 mg  g ) consisting of : - 1 mg tacrolitmus ( as monohydrate ) - one capsule ( 300 mg ). tacforitus 3 mg per ml solution contains 3 mg or 3 mg of tacogilead . the other ingredients are : capsule content hypromellose 2910 ethylcellulose , lactose , magnesium stearate . capsule shell tacfor
the active substance of clopidogrel zentiva , cisapril , belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumped together , antiplatelets medicinal products reduce the chances of blood  clots forming ( a process known as thrombosis ). you have been prescribed this medicine because you have already been diagnosed with a high risk of getting blood clits ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), which can be fatal ( atherothrombosesis ), and can be life - threatening ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). your doctor has prescribed clo
do not take clopidogrel zentiva : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if your doctor has told you that you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain . i . example , severe liver disease should not be used . warnings and precautions if any of these apply to you , or if they are the parent of a child , tell the doctor or pharmacist . take special care with clopogrell zenta:  tell your doctor before taking the medicine if : you have an increased risk of bleeding . for example : your doctor should tell you about your situation , which could be life - threatening . you have or have had , a
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with them if you are not sure . the recommended dose , including for patients with a condition called ' atrial fibrillation ' ( an irregular heartbeat ), is one 75 mg tablet of clopidogrel zentiva per day to be taken orally with or without food , and in case of severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), your doctor may give you 300 mg . you should continue to take c ' s recommended dose of 300 mg for 4 weeks before giving you the 75 mg tablets , or until your doctor tells you otherwise . if your doctor decides that you should stop treatment , you may be asked to take 75 mg / 5 mg , once a day , for up to 12 weeks . then , your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and/ or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters ofthe skin . this may be the signs of an allergic reaction . some side effects have been reported since marketing of clopidogrel zentiva . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrh
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister , after exp . for clopidogrel zentiva supplied in pvc / pvdc / aluminium blisters : do not store above 30 . reconstituted solution : store in the original package in order to protect from moisture and only remove immediately before use , preferably before sunrise or evening ( never above 25oc ). if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2oc8oc followed by up to 4 weeks , even if the solution is clear and colourless to pale yellow . as a consequence , it does not require any special storage conditions . any unused medicine should
what clopidogrel zentiva contains each tablet contains 75 mg of clopogrell ( as hydrogen sulphate ). the other ingredients ( excipients ) are ( see section 2 , ' clumps of clumped together '): o the tablet core consists of : - lactose ' and - azure '; - hydrogenated castor oil . - tablet coat contains mannitol ( e421 ), hydrogenated Castor oil and , microcrystalline cellulose , macrogol 6000 and low - substituted hydroxypropylcellulose . the ingredients are : milk sugar ; hypromellose ( е464 ), triacetin ; red iron oxide [ e172 ] and titanium dioxide [ 8 ]); carnauba
yttriga is a radioactive medicine . it is used in combination with another medicine that delivers tiny radiation doses . for the treatment of radiolabelled medicinal product , see the package leaflet of the particular medicine to be radiolabelled .
you must not be given yttriga : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to chloride or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or radiopharmaceuticals before you are given this medicine . your doctor will decide whether you are suitable for the treatment of your child , particularly if they are classified as radioactive material or other medicinal products . before the first use , your child will be carefully checked for radioactive medicinal products before and during use . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 2 years of age , because the safety and efficacy in this age group has not been established . there is limited experience in children aged 16 years and younger . using other medicines please tell your doctor if your child is taking or has recently taken any other
always take yttriga exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . method of administration your doctor should decide on the dose and frequency of administration based on radiolabelling of medicinal products . the indications refers to the specific diseases that patients have . in case of administration of more than one dose , a single dose should be administered . if a child swallows some tablets , contact a doctor immediately . there is no experience of overdose with large doses . when appropriate treatment is sought your doctor will determine the appropriate treatment .
like all medicines , yttriga can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
keep out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . do not use after the expiry date stated on the vial label and the carton . local regulations for radioactive substances are applicable . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
what yttriga contains - the active substance is chloride . 1 ml sterile solution contains 1 mg hydrochloric acid ( e507 ) at a concentration of 3 g / dl . - there is a v - shaped bottom in a colourless type i glass vial , containing 10 g of solution for injection , sealed with a silicon stopper and sealed with an aluminium seal .
the name of your medicine is ciambra . it is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer in adults .  cialmbra is given in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy . in this case , in patients whose disease has progressed and for whom other initial chemotherapy has not worked or is not suitable .
you must not be given ciambra : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . breast - feeding should be stopped during treatment with ciama . you may receive a vaccine against yellow fever . your doctor will decide if this is the case . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . if not , you may not be able to have a chance of getting yellow fever while you are being treated with CIAmbra ( see section 4 ). you have or have previously had problems with your kidneys . before each infusion you will be monitored carefully for any changes in your blood ( such as your kidney and liver function , to check that you have enough blood cells to receive 
ciambra is given to you in a hospital or clinic . the dose is calculated from your height and weight . your doctor will use this body surface area to work out the right dose for you . this dose may be adjusted , or treatment may be delayed depending on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . you will also be given mixed the caloric acid 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection in to one of your veins during the infusion , and then given approximately 10 minutes after preparation . when using a doctor , you will be given another type of medicine called cisplatin , which is a concentrate for solution for infusion in one of the veins . it will take approximately 30 minutes before you are given the first dose . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor or nurse 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if 52 you notice any of the following : fever or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38oc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . signs include : - chest pain - a fast heart rate - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth - allergic reaction : signs include skin rash ( often described as burning or prickling sensation ) - fever - signs of skin reactions : anaemia : this can be due to the medicine ' s ability to fight infection . not known : frequency cannot be estimated
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial label after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . chemical and physical in - use stability of the infusion solution of pemetrexed was demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 - 8 , at 15 - 25 . from a microbiological point of view , the reconstituted solution should be used immediately . if not used immediately the chemical in the solution is not clear , practically free from particles and / or if partial , discoloured or fragmented . for solutions containing particulate matter , this medicine may be stored for up to a maximum of 24 hours between 2 and 8 and 15 , and at a temperature not above 25 , unless reconstitution has taken place in controlled and validated as
what ciambra contains - the active substance is pemetrexed . - ciama 100 mg : each vial contains 100 milligrams ( millilitres ) of pemetreXed ( as pemetreixed disodium hemipentahydrate ). - each ml of ciembra 500 mg contains 500 milligramms ( micrograms  ) / 0 . 25 millimetres ( g ) pemetreexed as disobedentahydrat . after reconstitution as directed , the solution contains 25 mg / vial containing 5 . 6 mg ph / min . further dilution by a healthcare provider is required prior to administration . the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), hydrochloric acid ( for 
immunogam belongs to a group of medicines called immunoglobulins ( antibodies ) which are used to treat certain infections in your blood . immunogam helps to increase levels of human hepatitis b immunoglobulations and immunoglobular g ( igg ), which are obtained from blood plasma of screened individuals . how immunogam works immunogam is designed to recognise and attach to specific proteins in the body ' s immune system . it is used in combination with immunogam to protect you from becoming infected with hepatis c virus ( hbv ). it is for use in haemodialysed patients . vaccination with hpv - b is performed in patients who are at high risk of being vaccinated . the active substance in immunogam , sb , is based on the occurrence of an ' infectious he
do not use immunogam : - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to human immunoglobulins or other blood products caused by an iga deficiency . in such a case , you may have an allergic response to iga containing products . children and adolescents do not give immunogam to children below 18 years of age , as there is no experience with immunogam in this age group . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving immunogam as you may be more likely to experience adverse reactions such as chills , headache , fever and vomiting . - allergic reactions including nausea , arthralgia ( joint pain ), low blood pressure and moderate low back pain . your doctor will check whether you have developed antibodies against hepatitis b immunoglobulation regularly , and will monitor you more closely for the development of human he
your doctor will administer immunogam to you or your child under the supervision of a doctor experienced in vaccination with hepatitis b virus . the first vaccine dose will be administered together with human hepti b immunoglobulin . dose and administration prevention the recommended dose for individuals with haemodialysed conditions is 500 micrograms / m2 body surface area . from 24 to 72 hours onwards : administration dose for a duration of 72 hours . administration for remission in haematolysed patients the recommended starting dose for adults and children of 2 years of age is 500 iu ( 0 . 5 ml ) given every 2 weeks . seroconversion should be considered as the first course of vaccination in accordance with national recommendations . for protection of patients who have not been previously vaccinated with a hepatis bo virus
like all medicines , immunogam can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible undesirable effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( effect affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( effect occurs in 1 , 000 patients ) rare ( effect arises in 1 million people ) very rare ( effects occur in less than 1 per 10 ml ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) undesirable effects which have been reported during clinical trials with immunogam were : muscle relaxers increased , possibly leading to increased amounts of muscle . common ( effects in 1 in 10 and 1 per 1000 patients ), observed in 7 - day time periods : nausea , fatigue , induration , swelling , redness of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes ,
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use immunogam after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after the abbreviation exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze the reconstituted product . in the event of dilution , immunogam should not be used if it is accidentally frozen , if the solution is cloudy or if deposits are found . medicines should not to be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what immunogam contains - the active substance is human hepatitis b immunoglobulin b . immunogam 1 mg / ml solution for injection contains 5 mg of human plasma protein of which at least 96 % is immunogam . the other ingredient ( s ) are polysorbate 80 ( e433 ) and water for injections ( see section 2 . see section " immunogam has a low sodium content " in section 2 duodenal antibody ). what immunegam looks like and contents of the pack immunogam is presented as a solutions for injection in a glass vial . it is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale yellow liquid . each pack contains 1 vial of immunogam per carton .
remicade contains the active substance infliximab which is designed to recognise a specific target substance in the body called tnf ( tumour necrosis factor ) alpha , which is a type of protein that recognises and binds to other unique proteins called ' transthyretin - converting enzymes ' ( transcribed by your doctor ). remikade belongs to a group of medicines known as ' t nf blockers '. it is used to treat the following inflammatory diseases : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew '' s disease ) and other types of pimozide in adults and children 6 years of age or older with crohn 's disease or ulcerative colitis . rem
do not use remicade : if you are allergic to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of remade ( listed in section 6 ). if your doctor thinks you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to proteins that come from mice . if the person you are caring for has tuberculosis ( tb ) or another serious infection such as pneumonia or sepsis , if he / she is being treated for heart failure . do not take retiicade if any of these apply to you . don ' t take reicade for longer than six months without first checking with your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the tablets . it is important that you tell your doctor about all of your medical conditions before you start to get a new or different dose of 
the usual dose for adults with rheumatoid arthritis is 3 mg for every kg of body weight . for psoriatic arthritis , ankylosing spondylitis ( bechterew ' s disease ), proriasis , ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease it is not recommended for use in children less than 5 years of age . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . how much remicade is given your doctor may decide that you will be given a dose higher or lower dose . the dose given will depend on how much you weigh . if you are being treated with a doctor or nurse , they will give you a lower dose of 5 mg / kg for every kilogram you weight , given once every two weeks , for example once every week , at the same time each week 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however some patients may experience serious side effects and may require treatment . side effects may also occur after your treatment with remicade has stopped . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , skin rash , hives , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . some of these reactions may be serious or life - threatening . an allergic response could happen within 2 hours of your injection or later . more signs of allergic side effects that may happen up to 12 days after your injection include pain in the muscles , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting and / or fever .
remicade will generally be stored by the health professionals at the hospital or clinic . the storage details should you need them are as follows : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after reconstitution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 3 hours at 2 to 8 and for an additional 24 hours at 25 after removal from the original vial . if not used immediately , the product should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
what remicade contains - the active substance is infliximab . each vial contains 100 mg of inflitrimab ( 300 mg per 10 ml of solution ). the other ingredients are sucrose , polysorbate 80 ( e433 ), monobasic sodium phosphate ( ph - idos ) and dibasic sun . ( for more information , see section 2 ). what retimicaDE looks like and contents of the pack remade is supplied as a glass vial containing a powder for concentrate for solution for infusion . the powder is white . remikade comes in packs of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , or 5 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
rasagiline mylan is used for the treatment of parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used together with or without levodopa ( another medicine that is used to treat parkinsons ' disease ). with parkinston 's disease , there is a loss of cells that produce dopamine in the brain . dopami is , in turn , a chemical in the body involved in movement control . rasagil mylan helps to increase and sustain levels of dopa in the cerebral and increases the amount of energy that is made by the body . if you have any questions or are not sure about something , ask your doctor .
do not take rasagiline mylan if you : - are allergic to rasagilide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - have severe liver problems . are taking the following medicines ? rasagaline mylan belongs to a group of medicines called monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . for treatment of depression or parkinson ' s disease , or used for any other indication ), including medicinal and natural products without prescription , such as st . jef - jennings & / or pethidine , a strong pain killer . you must wait at least 14 days before starting rasaga line mylan treatment and for at least three months after starting treatment with mao inhibitors or petheidine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 tablet of 1 mg taken by mouth once daily . rasagiline mylan can be taken with or without food . if possible , your doctor may tell you to take a different dose , depending on how well you tolerate it . you should swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water , preferably at the same time each day . do not crush or chew the tablet , as this may affect its activity . for example you can take rasagil mylan at any time of the day , however , do not take more than the recommended daily dose . to help you remember your next dose : - do not break or crush the tablet as it has been prescribed for you , see ' instructions for use ' at the end of this leaf
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with placebo : the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common in children ( 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon in children and adolescents 1 to 1 , 000 rare ( effect is rare ) very common abnormal movements ( dyskinesia ) headache common abdominal pain fall allergy fever flu ( influenza ) general feeling of being unwell , neck pain , chest pain ( angina pectoris ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): a very small number of people being treated with this medicine had some weight loss when they first start taking this medicine . however , some effects may be serious . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor immediately 
what rasagiline mylan contains - the active substance is rasagilized maize starch . each tablet contains 1 mg rasagilliline ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , tartric acid ( e334 ), maize meal , pregelatinized maize starch ( maize ), talc , stearic acid , and water for injections ( see section 2 , " rasagic acid mylan has a low sodium content ") and lactose ( see sections 2 ), carnauba wax , refined sugar , mineral salts ( lactoses , sodium ) and mineral salt ( if you are not sure )) what rasagami line mylan looks like and contents of the pack rasagaline tablets are white to off - white , 11 . 5
hulio contains the active substance adalimumab , a medicine that acts on your body ' s immune ( defence ) system . hULio is used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis ( children and adolescents from 2 - 17 years of age ), enthesitis - related arthritis ( from 6 -17 years onwards ): crohn  s disease ( children , adolescents and adults ) plaque psoriasis ( all ) in children from 4 - 17, year old with hidradenitis supurativa ( all other patients ) aged 12 -19 years with chronic non - infectious uveitis ( the condition is not controlled by the eye doctor ).
do not use hulio : - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if : you have a severe infection ( including tuberculosis ; it is important that you tell your doctor about symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . you have moderate or severe heart failure . it has been reported that patients with a serious heart condition ( including acute medical emergency ). allergic reaction : signs of allergic reactions with symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness and swelling or a rash . in some cases , these reactions can be life threatening . your doctor will check you for signs of
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis children and adolescents from 2 to 17 years of age weighing 10 kg to less than 30 kg the recommended dose of hulio is 20 mg once a day . for children , adolescents and adults from 2 years to and including 17 years weighing 30 kg or more , the recommended starting dose is one 40 mg tablet each day by injection . in children with enthesitis - related arthritis ( e . g ., children ' s doctor will decide the right dose based on body weight and weight ). for children ( 0 to 15 kg ) and adolescents ( 10 to 30 kg ), the recommended dosage is one 20 mg tablet every other day by infusion . use in children and adol
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require urgent medical treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 4 months after the last hulio injection . seek medical attention urgently if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction or heart failure : severe rash , hives swollen face , hands or feet ; trouble breathing , or swallowing ; pale complexion ; dizziness ; persistent fever ; bruising ; bleeding ; signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling sick , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , weight loss , night sweats , diarrhoea , nausea ; vomiting ; pain in the muscles . tell your doctor as soon as possible
what hulio contains the active substance is adalimumab . the other ingredients are monosodium glutumate ( e334 ), sorbitol , methionine , polysorbate 80 , hydrochloric acid , and water for injections . ( see section 2 ). what you need to know before you are given hULio 40 mg : each vial of sterile solution for injection contains 40 mg ( 3 mg ) of aad alimUMab in 0 . 8 ml solution . it is clear to slightly opalescent and is supplied in a glass vial with a rubber stopper . each carton contains : - 1 vial adapter - 2 alcohol pads - a pre - filled syringe for injection , 1 
yellox contains bromfenac , which belongs to a group of medicines called non - steroidal anti - inflammation drugs ( nsaids ) that are used to reduce inflammation . the active substance in Yellox is rinsing a small amount of water for injections into the tissues of adults who have cataract surgery .
do not use yellox - if you are allergic to bromfenac or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : - you have asthma or skin allergy , or intense inflammation in your nose you have been treated with other nsaids . examples of some of the more common types of nnaids are acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofaren and / or diclofanac . this medicine may be used in combination with topical steroids ( such as cortisone ) that have been shown to reduce unwanted side effects . you have had bleeding problems in patients with haemophilia in the past or are taking other medicines that may increase bleeding time . tell your
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop of yellox in each eye ( s ) and at the same time each day in the morning . this morning is the best time . it will be convenient to use the bottle for one hour before going to bed . you can use the drops for up to 2 weeks after you have had your cataract surgery . method of administration yellow varies depending on your hands and the type of the eye drops you are using . twist off the bottle cap to release the medicine ( see picture below ). hold the bottle and close the bottle , pointing down , between your thumb and fingers . tilt your head back . pull down your eyelid with a finger until it helps . bring the bottle tip close to the eye . do not put them in until it is time
what yellox contains - the active substance is bromfenac . each ml of solution contains bromfednac ( as sodium sesquihydrate ). each 33ml vial of bromfienac contains boric acid , borax , sodium sulphite anhydrous , benzalkonium chloride and tyloxapol . the other ingredients are povidone ( k30 ), disodium edetate and sodium hydroxide to adjust acidity levels . what the vial looks like and contents of the pack the solution for injection is a clear yellow liquid ( solution ) which comes in a pack of 5 vials closed with a screw cap .
dzuveo contains the active substance sufentanil , which belongs to a group of strong painkillers called opioids . sufenteanil is used to relieve sudden moderate - to - severe pain in adults .
do not take dzuveo if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a serious lung or breathing problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking your medicine . before you start taking your first dose , your doctor will check whether you have any condition that affects your breathing ( such as asthma , wheezing , or shortness of breath ). your doctor may want to monitor your breathing more closely during treatment . you have suffered from a head injury or brain tumour and / or have problems with your heart and circulation , such as slow heart rate , irregular heartbeat , low blood volume or low blood pressure , you have moderate to severe liver problems , and you have severe kidney problems . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the single - dose administration device should be connected to a medical or healthcare professional who has experience in administering this medicine . dzuveo should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of strong painkillers ( such as sufentanil ). the recommended dose is 30 mg / kg administered as one sublingual tablet in the provided tray . use only the sublingual tab provided in the applicator supplied in the tray to dissolve the tablets . do not use any other method for placing the tablet under the tongue . to make the tablets dissolve in the liquid , wash the tongue with water . it may take 10 minutes for the tablets to dissolve . then , you can apply the same amount of medicine under your tongue for pain relief . once you have used the tablet 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the following side effects may happen with this medicine : severe breathing problems . slow and shallow breathing . if you get any of the above side effects talk to your doctor or nurse immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ) and feeling hot . commonly reported side effects these may affect up to 1 in10 people : inability or difficulty speaking or understanding or reasoning . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). you may experience some of the side effects above . tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the original carton in order to protect from light and oxygen . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . does not use dzuveo if you notice any visible sign of deterioration ( see section 6 ). medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment .
what dzuveo contains - the active substance is sufentanil . each tablet contains 30 milligrams of sufenil ( as citrate ).  the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), dicalcium phosphate , hypromellose ( 2910 ), croscarmellose sodium , indigo carmine (" e132 "), stearic acid , magnesium ste arate . what the tablet looks like and contents of the pack the medicine is a white to off - white , round edges , debossed with " 3 " on one side . the tablet is in a single - dose applicator ( labelled [ sublingual tablet ]). the applicators contains one sufenteanil 30 mg tablet . pack sizes of 5 or 10 tablets .
erleada is a cancer medicine that contains the active substance apalutamide . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that has spread to other parts of the body , and no longer responds to medical or surgical treatments if there is no treatment available . there are some reasons why this medicine may not be suitable for patients whose sensitive prostate cancer cannot be removed from their body by surgical treatment or where other treatments have not worked . the body produces a substance called testosterone which is involved in the growth of male and female sex hormones . in men , this substance is called the " testosterone - resistant prostate cancer ". in women , erlesad binds to androgens which trigger the cancer to grow and dividing . by blocking the activity of androgents such as apalutaMIDe , it stops prostate cancer cells from multiplying and growing .
do not take erleada : - if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). ( see also section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and contraception section .) take special care with this medicine check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents . it is not known if this medicine will cause seizures . - take any medicines to prevent blood clots ( such as warfarin , acenocoumarol ). - have any heart or blood vessel conditions , including heart rhythm problems ( arrhythmia ), which can lead to falls . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking erlesad . take extra care not to fall over , and to take care of any injuries such
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 240 mg twice a day ( a total of 60 mg ). take erleada about the same time each day . taking this medicine by mouth is important to get the right levels of active substance in your body . your doctor may need to change your dose , if necessary , to a higher or lower dose . do not take more than one dose in the morning and two doses in the evening . if your doctor decides to reduce your dose to one capsule or two tablets , your doctor will tell you : if possible to take the capsules with food , or just after food . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . don ' t chew , crush or split the tablets as it may cause side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - reddish , non - elevated , target - like , circular patches on the trunk , central blisters , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes . these serious skin rashes can also be preceded by fever and flu , like symptoms ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). serious side effects some patients have experienced the following side effects after starting erleda : fit or seizure ( which may have occurred in up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , or stop the treatment .
what erleada contains - the active substance is apalutamide . each film - coated tablet contains 60 mg of apalutaMIDe ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are : tablet core : colloidal anhydrous silica , croscarmellose sodium ( e468 ), hypromellose acetate succinate , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , silicified microcrystalline and lactose in the tablet core and in the film : iron oxide black , iron oxide yellow and talc , macrogol , polyvinyl alcohol - part hydrolysed , indigo carmine ( ph - 65 ) ( k29 / 32 ), and titanium dioxide , which are listed in the same pack and tablet size as described above . what 
this medicine is a radiopharmaceutical product for diagnostic use only . axumin contains the active ingredient fluciclovine . it is used to perform scan for a type of scan called a pet scan . patients who have not previously received treatment for prostate cancer or have had other tests to check for the presence of prostate specific antigen ( psa ) in the blood . this is the type of the cancer that has come back . when an axiaumin pet scan is requested , the doctor can obtain more information about the cancer at the specific time of the scan that was taken . the use of aXumin does involve exposure to small amounts of radioactivity . your doctor and the nuclear medicine doctor have considered that the clinical benefit of this procedure with the radiopharmaceeutical outweighs the risk of being exposed to radiation . please refer to the package leaflet of
do not use axumin : - if you are allergic to fluciclovine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the above mentioned medicines . talk to you doctor if this applies to you . you should not be given aXumin in case you have kidney problems or you are on a low sodium diet . it is important that you drink enough water before and after receiving a glass of water before each injection . drink plenty of water after each injection to help you remember when to take your medicine . the usual diet for adults and children is one or more glasses of water a day . your doctor may need to change the time between doses . children and adolescents dosing for children below 18 years old is not recommended as it has not been studied in this age group .
there are strict laws on the use , handling and disposal of radiopharmaceutical products . axumin will only be handled and given to you by people who are trained and qualified to use it safely . these persons will take special care for the safe use of this medicine and will keep you informed of their actions . dose the nuclear medicine doctor supervising the procedure will decide on the quantity of aXumin to be used in your case . it will be the smallest quantity necessary to get the desired information . the quantity to be administered usually recommended for an adult ranges from 370 mbq ( megabecquerel , the unit used to express radioactivity ) and will be administered to you in a hospital or clinic and will inform you about the usual duration of the administration . administration of 0 . 5 ml the dose given is one injection in the vein . after administration
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in clinical studies , side effects were about 1 in 100 people using the medicine . the frequency of possible side effects of axumin is unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience pain , rash , altered taste in the mouth or altered sense of smell , please inform your doctor . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . for additional information on side effects on the safety of this medicine , refer to the package leaflet of the specific medicinal product to be radiolabelled . reporting of side effects you can get any side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use axumin after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp .
what axumin contains - the active substance is fluciclovine . each tablet of araxumin 1600 mg contains 1600 mg of flucclovine ( as 16000 mg ). each tablets of : - one tablet ( 0 . 5 ml ) contains : one tablet , containing 3200 mg / 0 ( 1600 mg ) or 162000 mg . - each tablet ( 1 , 000 mg ), containing 7 , 8 , 10 , or 12 , of which one tablet is a total of three tablets , each containing 30 , 50 , 60 , 100 , 200 , 400 , 500 , 800 , 2800 , 4000 , 5 , 600 , 1000 , 9 , 2000 , 20x1 or 21x1 tablets . not all pack sizes may be
azopt contains a medicine called brinzolamide . it belongs to a group of medicines called carbonic anhydrase inhibitors . they work by reducing pressure within the eye . azaropt eye drops are used to reduce high pressure in the eye which can lead to an illness called glaucoma . when the pressure is raised , the pressure inside the eye starts to rise . this pressure can damage your sight .
do not take azopt : if you have severe kidney problems . do not use brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if your doctor thinks you may be allergic to medicines containing sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat diabetes or infections ) or to diuretics ( water tablets ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the tablets . the same allergy may be caused by too much acidity in your blood ( hyperchloraemic acidosis ). take special care with aezopt if any of these apply to you as it may be a sign of kidney or liver problems , such as dry eyes or cornea problems and / or you are taking / administering other sulphphonamide medicines to treat glaucom
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . only use azopt for your eyes ( ocular use ). the recommended dose is 1 drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not swallow the desiccant , which should be in the bottle , but only after opening it . if necessary , your doctor may adjust the dose , as needed , in your eyes . read the ' instructions for use ' provided in the box for instructions on how to use the sachet and / or eyes before use . children 1 2 3 years of age and older the dose prescribed by your doctor is the same for both children and adolescents . how to open the azaropt bottle - wash your hands . take the cap off the bottle tightly after removing it from the bottle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been experienced by patients taking azopt : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - effects in the eye : blurred vision , eye irritation and eye pain . eye discharge . itchy eye , dry eye . abnormal eye sensation . redness of the eye which should be treated . side effects in food and drink : bad taste . uncommon side effects that may affect more than 1 in 100 people ]  effects in children : dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , flatulence . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions , including rash , itching . reporting of side
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . azopt is for single use only . once opened , the product should be used immediately . to protect from infections , a pack containing a single bottle should be discarded .
what azopt contains - the active substance is brinzolamide . each ml contains 10 mg of brinzola .  the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride ( see section 2 ), carbomer 974p , edetate disodium ; mannitol ; purified water . tiny amounts of sodium chloride and tyloxapol are added to the suspension in the vials , and hydrochloric acid ( water for injections ) and sodium hydroxide ( to adjust acidity levels / ph levels ). what the ' brinzoland contains ' is a milky liquid ( a suspension ). it is supplied in a pack containing : one vial containing 5ml of suspension in an off - white plastic ( droptainer ) bottle and one sachet 
forxiga contains the active substance dapagliflozin . it belongs to a group of medicines called " oral anti - diabetics ". these are medicines taken by mouth to treat diabetes . they work by lowering the amount of sugar removed from your body by the body . you must not make any insulin while you are taking forixiga . 1 % of people with diabetes is overweight ( obese ) and most people are overweight . if you have type 2 diabetes , your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body makes does not work as well as it should . this is because diabetes has a long and steady supply of sugar in your blood .
do not take forxiga : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during your treatment if : you experience feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , such as a fruity or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat or rapid weight loss . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away as you may have one of the above symptoms , which could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine ,
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . forxiga is for use in adults with type 2 diabetes . the usual dose is one 10 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may increase your dose to a maximum of 5 mg once daily , if necessary . if your doctor thinks you have a liver problem , your doctor will prescribe the strength that is right for you ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . do not exceed the recommended dose . when you are being treated for type 1 diabetes : take one 5 mg tablet twice daily . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with half a glass of water . you can take your tablet with or without food . this will help get the right levels of sugar in your blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical attention : angioedema , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) these are very rare . the signs may be: - angioendema may be accompanied by swelling of the face , tongue or throat - difficulties swallowing - hives and breathing problems . these can be the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis . this can occur in patients with type 1 diabetes ( very common ) and in patients from 10 years of age . if this happens you will need to stop taking forxiga for 2 or more months . in type 2 diabetes ( rare ), this will rarely happen in people from 1 to 1 ,
what forxiga contains - the active substance is dapagliflozin . - each forixiga 5 mg film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains dapaglliflouzin propanediol monohydrate equivalent to 5 mg dapaglingifl . the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460i ), lactose ( see section 2 ' forexiga contains lactoses '), crospovidone ( type a ), silicon dioxide , and magnesium stearate . film coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide . printing ink : shellac , macrogol 3350 , talc . ink used in : the ink contains : yellow iron oxide , red iron oxide and tan coloured , with " 552 " on one side
mepact contains the active substance mifamurtide that works by stopping the growth of certain bacteria that attack the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). me Pact is used to treat osteosarcoma ( bone cancer ) in patients between 2 and 30 years of age who cannot be removed by surgery to remove the tumour . it is also used in adults when chemotherapy is not suitable to remove cancer cells from the past and when cancer has come back .
do not use mepact if you are allergic to mifamurtide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using me Pact . tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you have a combination of medicines called ciclosporin , other calcineurin inhibitors , or non - steroidal - anti- inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) you have problems with your heart or blood vessels you have blood clots ( thrombosis ), bleeding ( haemorrhage ), inflammation of the veins ( vasculitis ) mepace treatment may lead to long - lasting or worsening symptoms after mepaca treatment you have asthma or other breathing disorders related to your asthma you have been diagnosed with inflammatory or 
treatment mepact will always be prepared and given to you by a healthcare professional . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one vial every two weeks . me Pact should be given in combination with 2 mifamurtide injections , which are given every 12 hours for up to 24 hours . your doctor will advise you on the date and time of your , when you should start your mepactation treatments , and how you should receive them . do not change your chemotherapy schedule unless your chemotherapy is changed . it is best to receive your chemotherapy 36 hours before you start treatment . before you receive mepace , you must remove the pre - filled syringe before you use it . this will prevent an interruption in the processing of the freeze - dried powder . instead
like all medicines , mepact can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . chills , fever and fatigue have been reported very commonly in patients taking me Pact ( as transient / paracetamol ). fever usually resolves within a few days to several weeks of treatment . if you do get stomach problems ( such as nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite or both ), these may be signs of chemotherapy . tell your doctor immediately about continuing fever and chills at least 8 days after you have received mypact . signs of an infection , such as rash , and any problems breathing or wheezing . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if this happens . side effects reported during post - marketing experience were common ( more than 1 in 10 people ). these side effects were common . in addition , the frequency was common ( less than 1
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or place next to the freezer compartment . keep vial in outer carton in order to protect from light . reconstituted suspension made from sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection should be used immediately , or within 6 hours if stored at room temperature ( not above 25 ) this medicine should not be used if there is any visible sign of deterioration . it is recommended that the product is used immediately after reconstitution .
what mepact contains - the active substance is mifamurtide . each vial contains 4 mg / ml ( 0 . 04 ng ) of recombinant dna technology . after reconstitution , the final concentration of suspension should be at a concentration of 0. 08 g / min . - there is no other ingredient other than 1 - palmitoyl - 2 - oleoyn - shacero - 3 - serine monosodium salt ( e339 ) see end of section 2 for further information on the reconstitution process , which is presented in the following table . what you need to know before you are given me Pact , you will find a white homogeneous cake or concentrate for solution for infusion in a glass vial .
mirvaso contains the active substance brimonidine which belongs to a group of medicines called alpha agonists that act on the skin of the face to reduce redness . it is used to treat patients with rosacea , which is a severe form of redness ofthe face . rosACEa is also associated with high levels of blood flow in the facial skin , as well as enlargement ( dilation ) of the small blood vessels of the skin . mevaso acts by blocking the action of the blood vessels , reducing the excess blood flow and reducing redness in the blood .
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to brimonidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the medicine ( see section 2 , " possible side effects "). the medicine should not be injected under the skin . it must not be used in combination with certain medicines used to treat depression or parkinson ' s disease : monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . selegiline , moclobemide ), tricyclic antidepressants ( imipramine ) and tetracyclic antibiotics ( such as maprotiline and mianserin ), mirtazapine if any of these apply to you , or you are unsure tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . mirvaso should be injected under the skin on the face . this medicine should not be used on any other part of the body or on other body surfaces ( e . g . eyes , mouth , nose or vagina ). how to use Mirvaso mirvass is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . do not cut or tear the tablet , as it may affect the way the medicine is absorbed and may change how much you get from a person . your doctor may decide to give you a smaller amount of gel ( a pea - sized amount ) once a day , if your symptoms do not improve after a short period of time . the maximum daily dose of 1gram ( 5 peach sized amounts ) should
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . uncommon side effects may include : - severe skin irritation or inflammation - skin rash , skin pain or discomfort - dry skin - warm skin sensation , tingling , sensation of pins and needles or swelling . common side effects include - worsening of rosacea . if this happens , the treatment must be stopped and you must contact your doctor who will advise you on what to do . symptoms for children aged 2 years and over - contact allergy is a potentially life - threatening type of allergic reaction , often accompanied by rash and rare angioedema ( a serious allergic reaction which causes a burning sensation in the skin ), in rare cases , it must be treated again . reporting of side effects 23 if you get any side effects talk to your
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , tube and pump after ' exp '. store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . after opening the vial , mirvaso should be used immediately . however , since this medicine is a single dose only , it needs to be disposed of . your doctor , pharmacist or nurse will throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what mirvaso contains - the active substance is brimonidine . each gram of gel contains 3 . 3 mg of  Brimonidine ( as 5 mg / ml ).  the other ingredients are methylparahydroxybenzoate ( e219 ), phenoxyethanol , glycerol , titanium dioxide , propylene glycol , sodium hydroxide , purified water . see section 2 for further information . - content of the vial : methyl parahydroxybenzonate , propane glycol and water for injections . what mevaso looks like and contents of the pack mirvasa is a clear , colourless to pale yellow , opaque gel . it is supplied in packs of 2 , 10 or 30 vials of gel with airless pump system . not all pack sizes may be marketed 
mvasi contains the active substance bevacizumab , which is a humanised monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein that recognises and binds selectively to a specific target substance in the body ). it is designed to recognise and / or block its action , and so reduce its activity . it is used in adults to help defend the body from infection and cancer . bevacimab bindings to human vascular endothelial growth factor ( vegf ), a protein found on the lining of blood and lymph vessels in your body . the veggf protein causes blood vessels to grow within tumours , these blood vessels provide the tumour with nutrients and oxygen . once bevacuzum ab is activated , tumour growth is prevented by blocking the growth of the blood vessels which provide the nutrients , oxygen and nutrients to the tumour 
do not use mvasi if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you may also be allergic ( highly sensitive ] to chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell products or to other recombinant human or humanised antibodies . you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have a risk of developing holes in the gut wall you have conditions causing inflammation inside the abdomen ( e . g . diverticulitis , stomach ulcers , colitis associated with chemotherapy ) you have been told that you have an abnormal connection or passageway between two organs or vessels you are at increased risk for developing connections between the vagina and any parts of the gut
dosage and frequency of administration the dose of mvasi needed depends on your body weight and the kind of cancer to be treated . the recommended dose is 5 mg , 7 . 5 mg ( 10 mg ) or 15 mg ( 20 mg ). your doctor will work out the dose that is right for you . this is based on how much you weigh and how well you are . your dose will be calculated depending on your condition and body weight . it will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . you will be monitored while you are being treated with mvai and may be given once every 2 or 3 weeks . if you have been given more infusions than you should you may not be able to receive treatment with this medicine , as long as it is not proven that the efficacy is not linked to the slow rate at which your tumour grows . dose adjustments may be necessary . frequency of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects reported in association with the use of mvasi in combination with chemotherapy are usually mild to moderate . these side effects may occur more often in women . stop taking the medicine and tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions an allergic reaction may occur anywhere from the moment of opening the bottle , including difficulty in breathing or chest pain . you may also experience redness or flushing of the skin or a rash , chills and shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). the following side effects have also been reported : severe side effects which may be serious : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people )
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after the abbreviation exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or shake the infusion solution . infusion solutions should be used immediately after dilution . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 24 hours at 2 to 8 oc , unless the solution is clear and colourless to pale yellow . when prepared as directed , chemical and physical in use stability has been demonstrated for at least three hours at room temperature and for a maximum of three hours when stored in : - a sterile environment - an automatic reconstituted infusion system containing 35 ml of
what mvasi contains - the active substance is bevacizumab . each ml of concentrate contains 25 mg of bevaizumob , corresponding to 1 . 4 to 16 . 5 mg / kg , when diluted as recommended . - each 4 mlitre vial contains 100 mg : bevacimizumabe , measured as 1 : 4 mg , 16 g , or 400 mg ... if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given bevacimab 16 : 5 mg in the vial . the other ingredients are trehalose dihydrate , sodium phosphate , polysorbate 20 , water for injections . what vvasi looks like and contents of the pack - infusion : colourless to slightly yellow liquid in a glass
tecartus is a gene therapy medicine used to treat mantle cell lymphoma , which has spread to other organs and / or to other medicines that you may be receiving for relapsed or refractory male - female blood cells ( recombinant dna ). it is made specially for you by your own white blood cells , called autologous anti - cd19 - transduced dc3 + cells . mantLE cell lymphhoma is not a cancer that affects your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) called b - lymphocytes . if you are diagnosed with mantles cell lymphopenia ( bcl ), you will first be given other medicines to treat the condition . these include : a systemic stem cell transplant ( msd 
do not use tecartus : - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to peanut or soya . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the medicine . the number of white blood cells in your blood ( lymphodepleting chemotherapy ) is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). there are no data on the use of telartus in children less than 3 years of age . there is a small number of these cells in the blood for autologous use . tests and checks your doctor will make sure that you have enough lungs , heart , kidney , and blood pressure . you need to be aware of the following : infection and inflammation of your cancer , graft- versus -
your doctor or nurse will make sure that you have the correct number of your own white blood cells . your cells will be collected by a special needle inserted into a vein ( a procedure call leukapheresis ). tecartus is given by infusion into your blood stream ( intravenously ) over a period of 3 to 6 hours . the number of days you will be given a new catheter , which will then allow your blood cells to be collected back into the blood stream . it will take about 2 to 3 days before you receive your first dose of medicines . some of the reasons why you may not have a chance to receive tekartus treatment , including lymphodepleting chemotherapy . this means that the modified white blood cells can remain in your body for longer than 30 to 60 days . you will also be given other medicines to reduce infusion reactions and fever .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if your side effects get serious , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . these side effects may be serious and you may need urgent medical attention . the following side effects have been reported during the tecartus infusion : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fever , chills , reduced blood pressure , symptoms such as dizziness , lightheadedness and fluid in the lungs , which may be severe and can be life - threatening . all symptoms may be caused by a condition called cytokine release syndrome . loss of consciousness . decreased level of consciousness may also be accompanied by confusion , memory loss , involuntary jerks or twitches . other side effects that may occur are listed below . most of them are
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and infusion bag . store frozen in liquid nitrogen ( less than 150 g / ml ). this medicine contains genetically modified human blood cells , which are grown in fertilised hen ' s eggs from healthy chicken flocks and in the processing facility . the following information is intended for the healthcare professional only : 36 do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what tecartus contains - the active substance consists of autologous anti - cd19 - transduced t cells with a specific single infusion bag , containing a dispersion of anti  - cad19 car - positive cells of approximately 68 ml at 2 - hourly concentration ( corresponding to a concentration of 106 anti  106 cells / cm2 ).  the other ingredients are sodium chloride , human albumin , and water for injections ( see section 2 under ' tecARTus contains sodium '). what Tecartus looks like and contents of the pack infusion : the concentrate is a clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to pale brownish - yellow solution , supplied in an infusionbag individually packed in a metal cassette . the vial contains a single
januvia contains the active substance sitagliptin which is a member of a class of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 2 inhibitors ) that lowers blood sugar levels in adult patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus . this medicine helps to increase the levels of insulin produced after a meal and decreases the amount of sugar made by the body . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help lower your blood sugar , which is too high because of your type2 diabetes . along with diet and exercise , this medicine can be used alone or in combination with certain other medicines ( insulin , metformin , sulphonylureas , or glitazones ). these work to lower blood sugar in order to help prevent your diabetes from getting worse . if you are already taking one of these medicines
do not take januvia : - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatic titis ) have been reported in patients receiving janusvia ( see section 4 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor as you may be at increased risk of blistering of the skin . this may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have or have had a disease of the pah ( e . g . epilepsy ), gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual recommended dose is : one 100 mg film - coated tablet 63 once a day by mouth , preferably with food or between meals . patients with kidney problems a dose of 25 mg or 50 mg may be required . your doctor may prescribe this medicine alone or with certain other medicines that lower blood sugar . diet and exercise can help your body use its blood sugar better . it is important to stay on the diet and activity recommended by your doctor while taking januvia . if your doctor prescribes this medicine with food , drink and alcohol , you can continue to take it at any time of the day . visit your doctor at regular intervals to see how to take the medicine and to find the best times to follow . there are strict laws on the use of this medicine by
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking januvia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical attention : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatic opportunistica ). a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ). signs may include rash , hives , blisters on the skin / peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . side effects may occur with this medicine for a short time .
what januvia contains - the active substance is sitagliptin . each film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains sitaglitin phosphate monohydrate , equivalent to 25 mg of sitagling . the other ingredients are : in the tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460i ), calcium hydrogen phosphat , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , sodium stearyl fumarate in the film coating . in addition , the tablet film coating contains : poly ( vinyl alcohol ), macrogol 3350 ), talc , titanium dioxide , red iron oxide , yellow iron oxide and red iron or red . what  Januvia looks like and contents of the pack opaque blisters containing white to off - white tablets . they are packed in plastic bottles . not all pack sizes may be marketed
the active substance of xultophy is insulin . it is used to lower blood glucose ( glucose ) in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus . diabetes is a condition where your body does not make enough insulin , and the insulin that your body produces does not work as well as it should . when it is diluted , the body produces too much of a substance called insulin degludec . this leads to a long - acting basal insulin that you must use every day to control your blood sugar levels . liraglutide ( also called glp - 1 ) is also used to control the level of sugar in your blood when you are not able to use it properly . the ability to use insulin during meals is also increased when using the product in children and adolescents . how to mix and chew the tablet with a glass of water for diabetic patients .
do not use xultophy : - if you are allergic to insulin degludec , liraglutide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 39 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if : you are taking a sulfonylurea ( such as glimepiride or glibenclamide ), your doctor may need to increase your sulphfonyera dose . your doctor will regularly monitor your blood sugar levels . talk to you doctor if any of these apply to you . you should also tell your doctor before starting to take the medicine , even if it is not clear how well you are . this is especially important if the medicine is not working as well as it should . some patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus may develop '
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . do not use more than the recommended dose . - some people who are blind or have poor eyesight are more likely to get low blood sugar level . your doctor will tell you how much xultophy you should take and how often to take it . the recommended starting dose is 41 mg once a day . you can take the dose early and often after the first meal of the day , but your doctor may prescribe higher or lower doses based on your general condition . how much to use 41 see the instructions for use at the end of this leaflet . see the user manual for instructions on how to use the pen . follow the instructions exactly and follow the dose counter . there are no special dose recommendations for use . use in children and adolescents dosing for children weighing less than
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are low blood sugar ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if your blood sugar level gets low you may pass out ( become unconscious ). serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . if you are not able to take the medicine as your dose , take the dose as low as possible and discuss with your doctor the best treatment for you . slowing or stopping treatment with xultophy may lead to serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ). not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data , it is possible that a serious allergic response can happen . your doctor will tell you what to do if it gets low .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after first opening : once opened the product should be used immediately . shelf life after dilution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 8 hours at 30 and 21 days at 20 - 25 . from a microbiological point of view , xultophy can be used if it is accidentally frozen for a single period of less than 21 days .
what xultophy contains - the active substances are insulin degludec and liraglutide . each ml contains 100 units of insulin deGludec ( equivalent to 3 . 6 mg / m ). each vial contains 30 mbq at the start of each injection , and 300 units at that start of ' action '. the other ingredients are glycerol , phenol , zinc acetate , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections . see also section 2 " what you need to know before you use xULtophy " for information on sodium . pack sizes : 1 , 3 and 5 vials or a multipack containing 10 ( 10 x 10 ) pre - filled pens . not all pack sizes may be 
giotrif is a medicine that contains the active substance afatinib . it is used to treat : egfr [ epidermal growth factor receptor 1 ]) erbb1 , her2 [ erbeb2 ] and ertbb3 . these proteins help cancer cells grow and divide . by blocking their action , this medicine can kill cancer cells . this medicine is used by adults to treat the occurrence of cancer of the lung ( non - small cell lung cancer ). gioTRIf is used as your first treatment in patients of all ages who have not received prior chemotherapy treatment ( squamous type ) who were not prior cancer treatment and who are no longer benefiting from treatment .
do not take giotrif : - if you are allergic to afatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have low body weight of less than 50 kg you have kidney problems , as you may be more at risk of side effects such as lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease ) you have liver problems as your doctor may need to perform some liver tests before and during treatment with this medicine you have a severe liver disease you have eye problems such as severe dry eyes , inflammation of the transparent layer at the back of the eye ( cornea ) or ulcers in or around the eye . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under the age of 18 because it has not been studied in
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 40 mg tablet per day . take the tablet at about the same time each day , for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening . you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . your doctor will tell you how many tablets of this medicine to take and how long you should continue to take them . this medicine can be taken with or without food ; however , try to take your tablet at the same times every day ; this will help you remember to take it . there are no recommendations for preventing this medicine from being able to swallow the tablets . instructions for preparing and taking this medicine - take the tablets with food or between meals . - giotrif should be taken
like all medicines , giotrif can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects that may occur during treatment are diarrhoea which may affect more than 1 in 10 people . if you experience diarralrheea that does not go away ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '), tell your doctor immediately . moderate cases , including cases requiring hospitalisation , have been reported . serious and lasting effects ( very common ): - in very rare cases ( up to 1 in every 10 patients ), low blood potassium , possibly worsening kidney function , has been reported in very small cases ( less than 1 per 10 , 000 patients ). - if your doctor determines that the desired effect is not met , your doctor will be informed and will treat you promptly . appropriate antidiarrheo
what giotrif contains - the active substance is afatinib . each film - coated tablet contains 20 mg of a fatinibe ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , crospovidone , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : hypromellose , macrogol 400 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and polysorbate 80 , and water for injections ( see end of section 2 for important information about some of the ingredients in this medicine ), see section 2 , " giotiny 20 ", and " glitazone 20 ". - gioruvium tablet : the tablets are provided in cartons containing 1 , 2 or
orkambi contains two active substances , lumacaftor and ivacaftingor , in the form of a medicine used for long - term treatment of cystic fibrosis ( cf ) in adults , adolescents and children aged 6 years and older , who have a f508del mutation or a change in a key protein in the gene responsible for delivering the dose ( 0 . 25 g / ml ) of the protein known as a factor x - ray ( dna ), that is needed for the normal function of your lungs . if the mutation is causing an abnormal Cftr protein , it would not work properly . how does linguage work ? by attaching to a target in the tr gene , the two active components of lima
do not take orkambi : - if you are allergic to lumacaftor , ivacafedor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately and do not continue to take the tablets . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking any of these medicines if : you have ever had any problems with your liver or kidney disease . your doctor may need to change the dose of ork Ambi you are taking . you are at risk of having abnormal blood tests of the liver . if the patient is less than 18 years of age , contact your doctor who will decide whether to change your dose or not . talk to a doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . these symptoms could be signs of liver problems : pain
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one orkambi tablet , twice a day , at about the same time each day . adults and children aged 6 to less than 12 years should take the number of tablets following their doctor ' s instructions . the daily dose is a 10 mg tokambi oral solution , taken in the morning and evening . this dose can be taken with or without food . children aged between 6 to 11 years the doctor will work out the right dose based on the weight of the child ( see table below ). the usual starting dose is 100 mg ( 2 tablets ) once - daily . your doctor may increase your dose every 2 to 12 weeks by increasing your dose . in this case , your doctor will start you on a 200 mg tablet ( 2
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of orkambi in combination with ivacaftor are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . however , in some cases they may be serious and need immediate medical attention . serious side effects report to your doctor or pharmacist if you experience any of the following : raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood which can increase the risk of liver injury in patients with pre - existing severe liver disease , the worsening of liver function uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : tell your doctor straight away : - if your doctor notices one or more of these symptoms : pain or discomfort in the upper right stomach ( abdominal ) area yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eyes loss of appetite or weight loss other
what orkambi contains - the active substances are lumacaftor and ivacastor . - orikambi 100 mg / 125 mg : one film - coated tablet contains 100 milligrams of either : - 100 mg of lumagacaftoor ; - 125 millilitres of ivacafor , - 200 mg or 125 million iu ( 125 micrograms ). - Orkambi 200 mg - each film coated tablet is comprised of 125 mm - wide , round , convex and engraved with ' av2 ' on one side , and ' 200 ' at the other , indigo carmine ( e132 ). the ev2 is a white to off - white , capsule shaped , bicon
what lynparza is the active substance of lylparza , is olaparib . olarib is a type of cancer medicine known as a parp inhibitor ( poly[ adenosine diphosphate - ribose ] polymerase inhibitor ). it works by preventing mutations ( changes ) in brca ( breast cancer gene ), which is involved in the growth and spread of cancer . in patients who have been treated with parp antagonists , the parp can cause death or destruction of cancer cells . it may also help to reduce the activity of an enzyme that is needed to repair dna . what lovarza is used for the treatment of ovarian cancer in adult patients with brca - 1 , or with mutated ovary cancer , it is used when the cancer has responded to previous treatment
you must not be given lynparza - if you are allergic to olaparib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you are given ") - are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during your treatment with lyndparza as it may cause low blood cell counts . your doctor will do testing for low counts of red or white blood cells and low platelet counts , see section 4 , possible side effects . - you must wait more than 75 minutes between doses to avoid exposure to the signs and symptoms such as fever , infection , bruising and bleeding or more serious problems with the bone marrow .
always take lynparza capsules exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose of lyngparza is 100 mg once a day . your doctor may increase this to a maximum of 150 mg depending on how you respond to the doses . for children and adolescents , the tablets should be swallowed whole and not chewed , crushed or divided . when to take your doctor will tell you how long you need to take a capsule . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . if your doctor thinks you need a higher or lower dose than is available from the manufacturer , you should take the capsules with food . this is called a " food - related " meal . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling short of breath , feeling very tired , having pale skin , or fast heart beat . these may be symptoms of a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ). uncommon ( might affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - allergic reactions such as hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness . signs and symptoms of hypersensitivity reactions and other reactions to lynparza are listed below . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor as soon as possible . side effects may include : very common : may affect less than 1 user in 10 - diarrhoea - pain in hands or feet , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . remove any lynparza capsules from the refrigerator and keep them at room temperature ( up to 30 ) for a single period not exceeding 3 months . once you have taken any capsules , do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what lynparza contains - the active substance is olaparib . each hard capsule contains 50 mg of okarib ( as lauroyl macrogol - 32 glycerides ).  the other ingredients are : hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), gellan gum , potassium acetate , iron oxide black and white . ( see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given lyngparza ) - this medicine is a white , opaque , hard capsule imprinted with " olarib 50 mg " in black ink on one side . - astrazeneca logo imprinted on the other side : the capsules are oblong - shaped with two imprints " nvr ". the capsule is approximately 112 mm long and 4
what nyxoid is this medicine contains the active substance naloxone . it is used to treat dependence on opioids , such as heroin , methadone , fentanyl ; oxycodone , buprenorphine or morphine in adult patients . what the medicine is used for the active ingredient in this medicine is a nasal spray used in the emergency treatment of opioid overdose in adults . in people who have had an overdose , they have breathing problems and severe sleepiness . the frequency of this event is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). in patients who have an opioid overload , emergency medical care is immediately available .
do not use nyxoid - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately and emergency medical care may be needed . go to your nearest emergency services immediately and call for an opioid overdose . the signs and symptoms of an opioidoverdose should be clearly described in this leaflet . you should use this nasal spray at least 2 to 3 hours after using a new nasal spray . this medicine is not meant to be used by people who are physically dependent or dependent on opioids . opioids may be used to treat heroin , such as methadone , fentanyl ; oxycodone , buprenorphine and morphine 
always use nyxoid nasal spray exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 10 sprays in the area around the shoulders and ears ( to the breastbone , sternum and the ear ) with a fingernail . to help you breathe more easily , you should try to clear the mouth and nose of any blockages . it is important to try to avoid getting air in and out of the mouth or nose . spray in at least 15 minutes and then breathe until your chest is moving . if your chest starts to move more than usual , breathe breathing sounds and breathe on the cheek . in very rare cases , overdose may occur and your response to touch or sounds may be slow uneven and / or shallow . your doctor will tell you how to prevent overdose . do not use
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . stop taking nyxoid and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following acute withdrawal symptoms , which are often caused by the increased use of opioid drugs . symptoms include fast heart rate , high blood pressure body aches , stomach cramps , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , goose bumps shivering or trembling changes in behaviour . violent behaviour , nervousness , difficulty in sleeping , depression , agitation , suicidal thoughts , suicide attempt and suicide . some patients have experienced these serious side effects before . other possible side effects of this medicine include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle label after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what nyxoid contains - the active substance is naloxone . each nasal spray delivers 1 . 8 micrograms of n .loxone ( as hydrochloride dihydrate ).  the other ingredients are : trisodium citrate dihydrate ( e334 ), sodium chloride , water for injections ( see section 2 ), water for injecting and purified water . - nanloxone is dissolved in 0 . 1 ml solution for injection ( injection ) in a pre - filled nasal spray , placed in  a single dose container . what yyxiaid looks like and contents of the pack nnyxiad is presented as a carton containing 2 nasal sprays ( 2 sprays per carton ) filled in blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed
ovaleap contains the active substance follitropin alfa , which is almost identical to a natural hormone produced by the body . fsh is a gonadotropin , a type of hormone that plays an important role in human fertility and reproduction . in women , this hormone is involved in the growth and development of the sacs ( frolic cells ) in the ovaries . it helps the production of sperm when a mature egg cell is produced . ovale ap is used , in adults , to help them get pregnant . treatment with a medicine called " clomifene citrate " is used to facilitate the development of women undergoing assisted reproductive technology procedures ( procedures that may help you to become pregnant ) such as " in vitro fertilisation ", " zygote intra - fallopian transfer " or " 
do not use ovaleap : - if you are allergic to follitropin alfa ( fsh - 1 ) or to vollicle stimulating hormone , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ovalep if : you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ) you have large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovulation ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin you have unexplained vaginal bleeding you have cancer in your oestrogen , womb or breasts ; you have any condition that usually makes a normal pregnancy impossible , such as ovarium failure ( early menopause ), fibro
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how is ovaleap given and much should i take ? this medicine is given as an injection into the tissue just under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). your doctor will decide if and when you should inject this medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your dose if necessary . the dose you receive is usually given every day for irregular periods . you will be given this medicine during the first 7 days of your menstrual cycle . during this period , you will usually receive the medicine for about 75 days ( up to 150 days ). you will normally receive this medicine once every 7 or every 14 days , in which case your body will produce more medicine ( s ) 37 . 5 mg / kg ( 75 mg ) per injection . if
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects in women allergic reactions such as skin rash or raised itchy areas of skin ( very rare ). signs of severe allergic reactions include weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , and swelling of the face 37 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) this type of reaction can occur following your ovaleap injection . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : very rare but serious side reactions in women lower stomach ache with or without nausea and vomiting , which may be the symptoms of ovarian hyporesponsive episode ( see section 2 ). these may be signs of a problem with your milk supply . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): if this happens you must contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . reporting of
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the cartridge label after the abbreviation exp . this medicine should be stored in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the cartridge in the outer cardboard box in order to protect from light . you may remove this medicine from the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( up to 30 ) for a single period of up to 3 months . once you have removed the cartridge , it must be used within 3 months or disposed of . if the cartridge is not used within 28 days of first use , the pen can be used again , even if it is not completely empty . the pen cap must be put back on the ovaleap pen after it has been used . don ' t refrigerate the solution after
what ovaleap contains - the active substance is follitropin alfa ( as fl ). each cartridge of ovalap 300 micrograms in 0 . 5 ml solution for injection contains 300 mbq at calibration time ( at or below 22 g / min ). - there are no other ingredients in ol - like solution . - in - use stability has been demonstrated for several hours at room temperature ( below 25  c ) and at the microbiological point of view , if you are not sure about the dose , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse who might be able to give you a lower dose . the recommended dose is one  5  10 microgram ( corresponding to 300  22 microlitres ) of vla - b * 5701 . * 
voriconazole accord contains the active substance voriCONazole . vorikonazole is an antifungal medicine . it works by killing or stopping the growth of the fungi that cause infections . its main function is to treat patients ( adults and children over the age of 2 ) with : invasive aspergillosis ( a type of fungal infection due to aspergoillus sp ), candidaemia ( another type of FUNgal infection caused by candida spp ) in non - neutropenic patients ( patients without abnormally low white blood cells count ), serious invasive candida sores , when the fd . is resistant to fluconazoles ( another antifungalist ) who are at high risk of serious fungal infections caused by scedosporium streptomycetes or fusarium 
do not take voriconazole accord : - if you are allergic to voriCONazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). this is because some other medicines may be herbal medicines . it is very important that you tell your doctor about the medicines you take before you start to take them . some patients have had problems with their stomach ( gastrointestinal ) or heart ) and some patients took rifampicin ( another medicine used for tuberculosis ). if any of these apply to you , your doctor will tell you how to treat you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : 46 terfenadine ( commonly used for allergy ) astemizole ( used for allergies ) cisapride ( used to treat stomach problems ) pimo
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the dose will depend on your weight and the type of infection you have . your doctor will calculate your dose for you and will determine how much voriconazole accord you should receive . adults the recommended dose is 40 mg twice a day for patients who weigh 40 kg or more and who are stable for at least 24 hours : 400 mg every 12 hours for the first 24 hours ( loading dose ) 200 mg every 13 - day treatment period . from day 12 to day 24 : 200 mg twice daily 100 mg once daily depending on your response to treatment , your doctor may increase the dose to 300 mg twice weekly . in order to prevent mild to moderate cirrhosis , the doctor may give you a lower dose of 2 mg twice per day . for children and adolescents aged 12 to 14 years 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any side effects occur , most are likely to be minor and temporary . however , some may be serious and need medical attention . serious side effects stop taking voriconazole accord and seek medical help immediately if you experience rash , jaundice , changes in blood tests of liver function , pancreatitis . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people visual impairment ( change in vision including blurred vision , visual color alterations , abnormal intolerance to visual perception of light , colour blindness , eye disorder ), halo vision ( night blindness and swinging vision ), night vision - trembling , hiccups , stomach upset , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain 
what voriconazole accord contains - the active substance is voriCONazole . one tablet contains 50 mg vorikonazole ( as besilate ). - one tablet in the tablet core : voricanazole acord 50 mg film - coated tablets : each tablet contains 200 mg vorisconazoles . - another tablet in tablet core ( tablet ) containing 280 mg vertigo ( e1200 ): lactose monohydrate , pregelatinised starch , croscarmellose sodium , povidone , magnesium stearate . the other ingredients are hypromellose , titanium dioxide , maize starch monohydrate and triacetin . not all pack sizes may be marketed . your doctor , pharmacist or nurse will record the brand name and batch number of the film . what
mvabea is a vaccine used to protect you against ebola virus disease in the future . it is given to adults and children aged 1 year and older who will be exposed to a high risk of coming into contact with an unknown source ( a / nymc ) called eb1 virus . your doctor will recommend that you have a 2 - dose course of vaccinations to help protect you from getting a confirmed form of a type of ebas virus disease , caused by the zaire embolism type a ( zebavirus ) and filovirus . this vaccine will not protect against the other types of filo virus , which are mainly used to make up the whole epidermal necrolysis ( ten ). this will make you more likely to get a severe type of illness . if you have two or
you should not receive mvabea : if you have recently received or are about to receive the vaccination course , tell your doctor or nurse if any of the points below apply to you or the child you are caring for . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine , if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any ingredient of the vaccine listed in section 6 . you have previously had , or think you may have had : an acute reaction to an antibiotic called ' gentamicin '. before you receive the vaccine your doctor will decide if the required action will be taken , and if there is a possibility that you may not be fully protected . your healthcare worker will monitor you closely during and after your injection . if this is the case , you or your child will be closely monitored for any signs of
your doctor or nurse will inject the vaccine into a muscle ( intramuscular injection ) in the upper arm or the front of your thigh . this must be done in a blood vessel . the first vaccination followed by a dose of zabdeno vaccine 8 weeks later . your doctor will decide when you should receive mvabea vaccine . it is important that you follow the instructions from the doctor , pharmacist or nurse so that the second vaccine can be given . if you have any further questions on the use of this vaccine , ask your doctor and nurse . primary vaccination first vaccination with zabeddeno red cap vial ( 0 . 5 ml ). second vaccination if necessary , you will receive a single dose of either : a booster vaccine with a / rituximab ( iii ) ( h1n
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this vaccine : they usually happen within 7 days of getting the injection . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , warmth , or swelling where the injection is given feeling very tired muscle ache joint pain common in children aged 1 year to 10 years being sick ( vomiting ) itching where you or your child received the injection uncommon in child , may affect up to 1 in 100 people : redness and skin hardness around the site of the injection not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) generalised itching reporting of side effects 25 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed
what mvabea contains - the active substances are zaire ebolavirus ( inactivated split ) 29 - tai forest egg nucleoprotein marburg limited , 0 . 7 x 108 inf . u * * infectious units * produced in chicken embryo fibroblast cells . this vaccine contains genetically modified organisms ( gmos ). none of the ingredients in the vaccine are trace residues of gentamicin , sodium chloride , trometamol , and water for injections . in addition , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) is included in this vaccine as a suspension in a single - dose glass vial with a rubber stopper and yellow cap . pack size of 20 vials
bondronat contains the active substance ibandronic acid . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone ' metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ) it reduces the risk of other bone problems that may need surgery or radiotherapy Bondronat can also be prescribed if : you have a raised calcium level in your blood because of a tumour . these may be caused by a build - up of calcium that is lost from your bones . as a result , your bones become weaker .
do not take bondronat if : you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have low levels of calcium in your blood , which is not very common with this medicine . warnings and precautions a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( bone damage in the jaw ) has been reported very rarely in cancer - related conditions . onj can also occur after stopping treatment , and it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it is a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . in order to reduce the risk of developing osteonetics of the Jaw , there are some precautions you should take , including while on treatment . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bondronate : if you have any problems with your mouth or teeth such
this medicine bondronat will be given to you by a doctor or nurse with experience in the treatment of cancer . it is given as an infusion into your vein your doctor will do regular blood tests whilst you are receiving Bondronat . this is to check that the medicine is working well and to prevent your illness getting worse . if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones , the recommended dose is 3 mg per kg of body weight , given once every 3 - 4 weeks , as an injection in your vein , over a period of at least 15 minutes , unless you have a raised calcium level in your blood . your doctor may decide to give you a lower or higher dose , especially if your doctor determines that it is not safe for you to continue . children ( aged 1 to 2 years ) the doctor will decide the correct dose based on your illness . the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a nurse or a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) persistent eye pain and inflammation new pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the tummy bone . very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 ,000 ) pain or sore in your mouth or jaw . severe jaw problems ( necrosis ( dead bone tissue ) in the jaw bone ). ear pain with discharge from the ear . this may be a sign of an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the eye . osteonecrosis (
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after dilution the infusion solution should be used immediately . chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 20 - 25 and 25 ° c . store in the original package in order to protect from light . your doctor , nurse or pharmacist is responsible for the correct storage of this medicine .
what bondronat contains - the active substance is ibandronic acid . each 2 ml vial is a concentrate for solution for infusion containing 2 mg i bandronic Acid . - other ingredients are : sodium monohydrate , sodium chloride , acetic acid ( e507 ), sodium acetate , water for injections . what bundronat looks like and contents of the pack bondronate is presented as a powder and solution for injection ( in a vial ) for solution . it is available in packs containing 1 or 2 vials with a bromobutyl rubber stopper . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
what zeposia is and what it is used for it is a medicine that lowers the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in your body . what zposiais used for zeposa is used to treat adults with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis ( rrms ), a disease which affects the immune system . it affects how the body ' s defenses are acted upon . white blood cells form an important part of the brain and spinal cord , and these can stop the nerves from working properly . symptoms can include numbness and difficulty in inputting a new signal in your brain . the signal to your immune system is through exposure to red blood cells , which can cause symptoms such as feeling of weakness , difficulty in thinking , remembering information , or thinking .
do not take zeposia : - if you are allergic to ozanimod or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - have a severely weakened immune system - are having a heart attack ( such as angina , stroke , mini - stroke or transient ischemic attack , tia ), have severe heart failure within the last 6 months , have irregular or abnormal heartbeats ( arrhythmias ) and your doctor may wish to reduce your dose . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have had severe infection ( hepatitis ), tuberculosis , cancer , or severe liver problems , are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have children . you are not
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose of zeposia will be calculated by your doctor according to your heart rate and your body surface area . it is recommended to use a ' treatment initiation pack ' at the start of treatment . the first 4 mg capsules contain 0 . 23 mg of ozanimod at day 1 and the second 4 mg doses are recommended to begin treatment at a lower dose of 3 mg / kg ( corresponding to 0. 46 mg ) per day . you will usually receive one dose from day 5 , 6 , 7 , and 8 capsules in the morning and one capsule in the evening . your doctor may advise you to take this dose once a day for two weeks , then , at least one week before going to bed .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): slow heart rate urinary tract infection , blood pressure uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : allergic reaction the signs may include a rash . other side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if this happens . side effects include : very common : the following may affect at least 1 in every 10 people infections of the nose or nostrils , nasal cavity , mouth , throat ( pharynx ), voice box ( lidy ), viruses . low number of a type of white blood cell called lymphocytes complication ( thrombocytopenia ). not known : frequency cannot be estimated from
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after ' exp '. store below 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . show the pack to your child ' s doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any damage or signs of tampering to the pack .
what zeposia contains - the active substance is ozanimod . - each capsule of ZEposia 0 . 23 mg contains 0 ( 00 . 2 mg ) - ozanimod ( as hydrochloride ). - either a capsule or a tablet of z . 46 mg contains just : - one hard capsule containing 0 " 46 mg 'oz ozaimod ( alsh chloride ) per injection , or - another hard capsule ( s ) also containing the following : capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and printing ink : shellac , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate . capsule shell * not all pack sizes may be marketed . the occurrence of 0. 23 mg hard capsules
temybric ellipta contains three active substances : fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . fluticsone Furoate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids , often simply called steroids . umeklidinium brmide or vilantrol belong to the group of medications called bronchodilators . the three main active substances in temanybric are used to treat adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ), a long - term condition that causes breathing difficulties . in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . these muscles relax and relax . they work in different ways to help you breathe better .
do not use temybric ellipta : - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if any of these apply to you . before you are given this medicine your doctor will check whether you are getting the right dose for you : asthma . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of temarybric oliver to help prevent asthma ; heart problems , high blood pressure ; liver problems ; tuberculosis ( tb ) of the lung , or any long standing or untreated infections ; or an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma ; an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blocking
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . use temybric ellipta regularly it is very important that you use the product every day , even if there is no medicine in your body at the time you use it . this will help to keep you free of symptoms throughout the day and night . when you first start using temarybric itta , do not use it to relieve a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if this happens you must use a quick - acting reliever inhaler (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . immediate breathing difficulties if your breathing or wheezing gets worse straight after using this medicine , stop using it and get medical help immediately . pneumonia ( infection of the lung ) in copd patients ( common side effect ) tell your doctor if you have any of the following while using temybric ellipta these could be symptoms of a lung infection : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucuses colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , congestion of the sinuses or throat flu ( influenza ) low number of white blood cells , changes in blood cell counts ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood . common
what temybric ellipta contains - the active substances are fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium bromide and vilanterol . each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece ) of 92 micrograms of fluticsone Furoate ( 65 microgram ) umeklidinium brmide equivalent to 55 microgram of umecordinium and 22 microgram ( 3 . 5 microgram) of vertigo ( ) and trifenatate .  the other ingredient is lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' temmybric
what zinforo is this medicine is an antibiotic medicine that contains the active substance ceftaroline fosamil . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' cephalosporin antibiotics '. how  Zinforo works this medicine works by killing certain bacteria that cause serious infections of the skin and the tissues below the skin . this is a rare type of an infection of the lungs known as ' pneumonia ', which can be life - threatening if not treated properly . how the medicine works in this way is important in reducing the number of white blood cells , and in helping the body to produce more blood . what the medicine is used for zinforumo is used to treat adults who have never been treated before , or who have already been in close contact with someone who has a similar type of infection called the ' psoriasis ' (
do not take zinforo : - if you are allergic to ceftaroline fosamil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). allergic to other cephalosporin antibiotics . previous severe allergic reactions to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin or carbapenem ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking your medicine . before you are given this medicine your doctor needs to know that you have some medical conditions you need to look out for while you are being treated . check with your doctor before you start to take this medicine if : you have kidney problems . you suffer from seizures ( convulsions ). you have ever had any non - severe allergic reaction after taking other antibiotic ( such as penicillin and carbopenem
the recommended dose of zinforo is 600 mg every 12 hours . a doctor or nurse will give you a starting dose of 600 mg per day for up to 8 weeks . this is to make sure that some infections are treated under control within the first 8 hours and the first 12 hours via a drip into a vein ( intravenously ) over a period of 5 to 60 minutes . in some cases ( up to 120 hours ), your doctor may decide to give you an increased dose . the duration of treatment usually lasts for 5 to 14 days . for skin infections , it is usually given every 5 to 7 days for pneumonia . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . patients with kidney problems if you have kidney problems you will be monitored carefully . information on how to store , open , and how to dispose of zforo are described in the patient information leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any of these symptoms you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue ; a severe rash ; swallowing or breathing problems . these may be signs ofa severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ); diarrhoea ; stool or blood or mucus . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if during treatment with zinforo , you are taking medicines that can slow bowel movement . this is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). your doctor may ask you to have a blood test called a ' coombs test ', which may show the result of an antibiotic . the reason for this test is that
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . store below 30 . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what zinforo contains the active substance is 600 mg ceftaroline fosamil ( e468 ) and arginine at the date and time of calibration . what you need to know before you are given zforo , your doctor will tell you what dose you need and what the dose consists of : the vial contains a pale yellowish to light yellow powder for concentrate for solution for infusion in a vial . each pack contains 10 vials .
pregabalin pfizer belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . peripheral and central neuropathy pain : pregabalsin ffizer is used to relieve long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neural pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning , you may hear , feel , touch , or hear things that are not there , etc .. they may be called ' hot ', sharp , cramping , and aching and tingling . the medicine may help you to remember to take your dose of sedation .
do not take pregabalin pfizer : - if you are allergic to pregamalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabaltin . there is a small chance that you may experience symptoms of an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . a few patients receiving pre gabalin have experienced dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , take special care with pregabaliin ppfizer when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this is because of the increased risk of blurring and
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you to . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine what dose is appropriate for you . pregabalin pfizer is for oral use only . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day , although your doctor may have to prescribe a lower dose . for children and adolescents weighing less than 150 kg , the dose may be increased to a maximum of 600 mg every other day . you should swallow your capsules whole with a drink of water . do not open or crush the capsules . - take pre gabalin prefizer once in the morning and once
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common ; may affect up to 1 to 10 people increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest and irritability . disturbance in attention , lack of memory impairment , loss of memory / tremor , difficulty with speaking , tongue swelling . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . the following may occur when pregabalin pfizer is taken with a heavy meal . if you take it with or without a meal , try to take it at the same time each day . loss of appetite , weight gain . change in perception of self , restlessness ,
what pregabalin pfizer contains - the active substance is pregilled indigo carmine ( e132 ). each tablet contains either 25 mg , 50 mg ( half a tablet ), 75 mg ( 100 mg ), 150 mg ( 200 mg ) 225 mg ( 1 , 300 mg / 0 . 5 ml ) or 300 mg ( 2 , 800 mg ). - other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , maize starch , talc , gelatine , titanium dioxide , sodium laurilsulphate , anhydrous colloidal silica , black ink , shellac . printing ink contains black iron oxide , propylene glycol ( containing potassium hydroxide ). pack size of 75 , 100 and 200 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed 
xadago is a medicine that contains the active substance safinamide . it increases the levels of dopamine in the brain , which is an important part of the brain responsible for moving and learning . for parkinson ' s disease , x - ix is used by adults to treat parkinsons ' disease . sudden movements , not being able to move , difficulties moving , etc . have been shown to increase the effects of the medicine on levodopa and other medicines that you will be taking to control the development of parkinSON '
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to safinamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - take the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors : selegiline , rasagiline ; moclobemide ; phenelzine , isocarboxazid , tranylcypromine ( used for treatment of parkinson ' s disease or depression ); pethidine ( a strong pain killer ). you must wait at least 7 days before starting xamago treatment and then continue for a short time before starting treatment with mao inhibitors such as sethidine , pimozide , moxifloxacin , simvastatin and lomitapide
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of xadago is 50 mg once a day ( corresponding to a daily dose of 100 mg ). it is taken by mouth and can be taken with or without food . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , depending on your condition and on whether you have moderately reduced liver function . a dose of 50 mg should not be used . talk to your doctor about other options . use in children and adolescents the doctor will determine the correct dose for your child . when should i take the lowest dose ? the doctor may decide to increase the dose to 50 mg every other week . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may affect the way the medicine is released into the bloodstream 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypertensive crisis ( very high blood pressure , possibly leading to collapse ) has been reported in patients with neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( e . g . confusion , sweating and muscle rigidity ) ( hyperthermia ). increase level of enzyme creatine kinase in your blood ( serotonin syndrome ). this can be a sign of confusion or hypertension . it can also cause muscle stiffness . hallucinations and hypotension are possible side effects of parkinson ' s disease . when given with safinamide , some patients have had the following reactions : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting 
what xadago contains - the active substance is safinamide . each 50 mg / 100 mg film - coated tablet contains a / dexamethasone ( as methansulfonate ). the other ingredients are : - tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), crospovidone type b , magnesium stearate , silica colloidal anhydrous - tablets coating : gelatin , hypromellose , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide [ e171 ] and iron oxide red ( only in colour ). what Xad ago looks like and contents of the pack x - 50 mg are white to off - white , round , biconcave film- coated tablets of 7 mm diameter with metallic gloss and imprinted "
zytiga is a medicine that contains the active substance abiraterone acetate . it is used to treat adult men with prostate cancer that is locally advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( metastatic ). zytigea lowers testosterone ( androgen ) levels in the blood and is used in men to treat prostate cancer . the use of zytaga is not recommended if you are a patient or a member of your family ( blood or body ' s natural defences ) and you are at high risk of disease due to hormone therapy , a treatment that lowers testosterone (androgen deprivation therapy ). it is often taken with another medicine , prednisone or preddnisolone , which are used for high blood pressure , where it is too high due to fluid retention in your blood .
do not take zytiga : - if you are allergic to abiraterone acetate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before and while taking this medicine if : you have severe liver damage you have prostate cancer that is moderate or severe . you should not take this medicine more than once a day . this medicine has been studied in patients with liver problems , such as high blood pressure , heart failure , low blood potassium . if your doctor determines that you are at risk of low blood sodium , you have heart rhythm problems or other heart or blood vessel problems such as an irregular or rapid heart rate , shortness of breath , or are 65 years of age or have gained weight . swelling in the feet or ankles has been reported in patients treated with zy
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of 1 , 000 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you how many tablets of this medicine to take . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take zytiga with or without food . try to take your daily dose at about the same time every day to help you remember . do not take more than one tablet each day ( preferably in the morning and evening ). do not crush or chew the tablet . how to take swallow the tablets whole , with some liquid . if your doctor tells you to , you may need to take one tablet every 2 weeks to get the full dose . take the tablet before you go to bed . it is important that you continue taking 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking zytiga and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - muscle weakness or muscle twitches , a pounding heart beat or palpitations , as these may indicate that the level of potassium in your blood is low . your doctor may ask you to stop taking this medicine . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fluid in your legs or feet ( this may indicate low blood potassium ) shown in liver function test - high blood pressure - urinary tract infection - diarrhoea , stomach upset , vomiting - hair loss - rash - itching - joint pain , muscle weakness , back pain - kidney problems common : may affect up to 1 in
what zytiga contains - the active substance is abiraterone acetate . each tablet contains 250 mg abéritidine .  the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , povidone ( k32 ), colloidal anhydrous silica , sodium laurilsulfate , and water for injections ( see section 2 under ' what you need to know before you take zytaga '). what zetiga looks like and contents of the pack - zytige tablets are white to off - white , oval shaped and 9 . 5 mm . the tablets are packaged in a plastic bottle with a child - resistant closure and are supplied in cartons containing 120 tablets .
hefiya contains the active substance adalimumab , a medicine used for the treatment of the following inflammatory diseases : polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis / enthesitis - related arthritis paediatric plaque psoriasis , paediaric crohn ' s disease / paediatri non - infectious uveitis the active ingredient in hefiefiab is a monoclonal antibody ( a type of protein ) that is designed to recognise and attach to a specific target substance in the body . monoclonesal antibodies are proteins that attach to specific proteins in certain cells . the target of a drug called tumour necrosis factor ( tnf ), is found on the surface of some inflammatory disorders and in other body tissues . this inhibits the inflammation in
do not use hefiya : - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine if : you have a severe infection , including tuberculosis , sepsis ( blood poisoning ) or other opportunistic infections ( unusual infections associated with a weakened immune system ). it is important that you tell your doctor about any signs or symptoms of infections ( for example , fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ). you have moderate or severe heart failure , as it may be a sign of a serious heart condition . allergic reaction : allergic reactions with symptoms such as chest tightness , hives , itching ,
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 40 mg once a day for patients on 20 mg or 40 mg every other day . if your child is on a 20 mg dose , the doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 40 mg if his / her child is diagnosed with polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis age or body weight how much and how often to take ? notes children , adolescents and adults from 2 years of age weighing 30 kg to less than 40 kg : notes children and adolescents from 2 months of age the usual dose is 10 mg given every other week . your child ' s doctor may prescribe a lower dose of 30 mg every week , starting with a dose of 20 mg . not applicable enthesitis - related arthritis age and body weight
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur up to 4 months or more after the last hefiya injection . seek medical attention urgently , if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction or heart failure : severe rash , or hives ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible , as signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems or cavities . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections such as nose bleeds
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label / blister / carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . alternative storage : when needed ( for example when you are travelling ), hefiya may be stored outside the refrigerator at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a maximum period of 14 days be sure to protect it from direct sunlight . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , you should record the date when you first remove your pre , filled , labelled label and the date after which it should be discarded , even if it is later returned to the refrigerator . you must record the day the date that it was first removed
what hefiya contains - the active substance is adalimumab . each pre - filled syringe contains 20 mg / 0 . 4 ml solution for injection .  the other ingredients are : adipic acid , citric acid monohydrate , sodium chloride , mannitol , polysorbate 80 , hydrochloric acid ( e507 ), sodium hydroxide and water for injections . ( see end of section 2 ). solvent : the active ingredient is lda 35a alcohol partially hydrolysed in ethanol and sodium . what the heffers vial looks like and contents of the pack hefieya 20 mg solutions for injection ( injection ) in pre  cal , is supplied as a clear , colourless to slightly yellowish
ritemvia contains the active substance " rituximab ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a kind of white blood cell called " b - lymphocyte ". when ritsuxim sticks onto this cell , the cell dies . if this happens to you , your doctor may stop the treatment for a short time . you may also be given the medicine , alone or in combination with other medicines called " chemotherapy ". your doctor will discuss with you the treatment with you which will help you decide if you should be given a lower dose . the initial treatment is also used in adults with a condition called granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangitis ritamvia is used for the treatment of : a ) gran
do not take ritemvia : - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like ritsuxim ab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - you have a severe active infection at the moment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and whilst you are being treated with this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 18 years . if your child has a weak immune system ( such as severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease , granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangitis or pemphigus vulgaris ). if any of these apply to you , do not worry . your doctor will decide if this medicine is suitable for you
how it is given ritemvia will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be given ritamvia as a drip ( intravenous infusion ). medicines given before each ritedmvia administration before you are given it , you will be provided with other medicines ( pre - medication ) to reduce possible side effects and to monitor your condition to check that it is having the desired effect . how much and how often you will receive your treatment the usual dose of non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma is the same as for patients who have not received only one other treatment course . if you are having initiation or maintenance dose of roche once a week you will usually receive one treatment course
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , many patients may experience pain at the site of infusion , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , cough , chest pain . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you get any of the following : heart problems , including problems with heart rhythm . they may need medical attention . if they do , they might get worse . side effects
what ritemvia contains - the active substance is called rituximab . one ml of concentrate contains 100 mg of ritsuxim . - each vial of concentrated concentrate contains 10 mg / 0 . 5ml ( 90mg ) of  Rituximib - at the other ingredients : sodium chloride , tri - sodium citrate dihydrate , polysorbate 80 and water for injections . what the solvent vial looks like and contents of the pack the concentrate is a clear , colourless solution , supplied as a concentrate for solution for infusion in a glass vial . pack of 2 vials per carton .
capecitabine teva belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . at the end of this leaflet the active substance of capecitebine , is changed into an active anti - cancer medicine ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tissue ). capecitationbine - for the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers , the specialty specialty of medicine is surgery . furthermore it is used in patients who cannot be treated for colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery ; furthermore , it is believed to have been given by a doctor who is experienced in the management of this condition and who is undergoing further treatment with other medicines .
do not take capecitabine teva : - if you are allergic to capercitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if there is an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , e . g . severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy , which is a group of anticancer medicines ( such as fluorouracil ), - women who are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions cases of low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) have been reported in patients with severe liver or kidney problems , because your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . as a precautionary measure , patients should be carefully monitored for the presence of the enzyme dihydro
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . capecitabine should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you , depending on your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . the usual dose for adults is 1250 mg / m2 of body surface surface area given over a 24 - hour period . two examples are provided here : a person whose body weight is 64 kg and height is 1 . 64 m has a body area of 1 , 7 . 7 m2, and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times a day . b ) if your doctor determines that you need a different dose based on your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine teva immediately and contact a doctor if any of these symptoms occur : diarrhoea : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movement each day or any diarration at night . vomiting / vomit : nausea : you lose your appetite . stomatitis : pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - joint pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness ; nausea ; vomiting ; rash ; night - time low blood sugar ; constipation ; wind ; flatulence ; weight gain ; and 
what capecitabine teva contains - the active substance is capecitebine . each tablet of capеcitabine to be swallowed with water or another liquid is provided in the form of tablet core . 150 mg film - coated tablets each film  750 mg contains 150 milligrams ( mg ) of capécitabine ( 123mg ). capercitabine infusion : each tablet contains 500 mg film- coated tablet containing 500 milligramms of caprecitabine and the other ingredients are : lactose , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), hypromellose , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , macrogol 400 , all in the tablet core and in the film coating : hypetrollose 1 , titanium dioxide , yellow iron oxide , red iron oxide and tal
the active substance in silodosin recordati , in combination with other medicines , is alpha1a - adrenoreceptor blockers . this medicine works by blocking receptors located in the prostate , bladder and urethra . by blocking these receptors , it causes smooth muscle in these tissues , which makes it easier for you to pass water and relieves your symptoms . if you do not respond well enough to silaodonecordati it can be used : to treat the urinary symptoms associated with benign enlargement of the prostate ( prostatic hyperplasia ), such as : difficulty in starting to passwater , a feeling of not completely emptying the bladder , an uncomfortable or uncomfortable feeling when passing water , even at night .
do not take silodosin recordati : - if you are allergic to slodecosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking syringes . - during cataract surgery , you may be at risk of cloudiness of the lens . this is particularly important : for patients undergoing cataract surgery your doctor will check your eye function before deciding whether to proceed with the next dose . 26 - after taking sil odousin cordati this medicine may cause a loss of muscle tone in the iris ( the coloured circular part of the eye ) during such a surgery . you should take appropriate precautions when taking medicine and / or surgical techniques as instructed by your doctor . please tell your doctor about any change in the appearance
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one capsule of silodosin recordati 8 mg per day by oral administration . take the capsule always with food , preferably at the same time every day . do not break or chew the capsule , but swallow it whole with a drink of water . patients with kidney problems if your doctor prescribes a different dose for you , tell your doctor straight away . for this purpose silodysin remodelati can be taken once a day , with or without food . you should swallow the capsule whole with water , one after the other , once in the morning and one in the evening . if this occurs , inform your doctor as soon as possible . sometimes , depending on how you respond to the medicine , your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives . this is an uncommon side effect of silodosin recordati . dizziness , sometimes caused by feeling dizzy or by occasionally fainting , may make you feel weak or dizzy . the symptoms should be mild in nature and ordinative in nature . if this happens , seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . in some cases , patients may suffer dizziity and / or fainting after they have been treated at the hospital and have been admitted to a hospital for complications resulting from a cataract surgery ( eye surgery ). the most frequently reported side effects are listed below :
what silodosin recordati contains - the active substance is sil. each tablet contains 8 milligrams of sialodousin . each millilitre contains 8 mg of silaoda.  the other ingredients are pregelatinised maize starch , mannitol ( e421 ), magnesium stearate , sodium laurilsulfate , gelatin , titanium dioxide [ e171 ]. siloudosenti 4 mg hard capsules : each capsule contains 4 milliliters of siliconized maize . the other ingredient ( s ) are sil , mantle cell and pearl - rich cellulose , siliconized phosphate . - other ingredients ( excipients ). the ingredients of the capsule are : siliconised cellulose ( 8000 
kinzalmono belongs to a class of medicines known as angiotensin ii receptor antagonists . angioTENsin is a substance occurring in the body , which causes your blood vessels to narrow , thus increasing your blood pressure . the active substance of kinzono blocks the effect of angiotentsin in so doing . as a result , the blood vessels relax , and you can feel better - both at the same time , as well as with your other medicine . kinzilmono is used to treat essential hypertension ( high blood pressure at an advanced stage ). ' essential ' means that the higher blood pressure is not caused by any other condition . high blood tension , if not treated , can damage blood vessels in several organs which could lead sometimes to heart attack , heart or kidney failure , stroke , or other organ
do not take kinzalmono : - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking your medicine . there are no special doses for children less than 3 months of age . you may be pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid kinzilmono in early pregnancy see pregnancy section ). - you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or anyother severe liver disease . - your doctor will also check your diabetes or impaired kidney function and if your doctor considers that you may need a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . it is therefore important to tell your doctor that you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of kinzalmono is one tablet a day . try to take the tablet at the same time each day , for example one tablet in the morning and one in the evening . it does not matter at what time of the day you take your tablet but taking the tablet with food will help you remember to take it . you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . how much to take your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take kinzono . for treatment of high blood pressure , the usual dose for kinzio is 40 mg , one tablet once a week to control blood pressure over the 24 - hour period . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose of one
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately ( see section 2 ). if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono common side effects ( likely to affect 1 to 10 users in 100 ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effect (
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton after " exp ". store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . you should store your medicine in the original package in order to protect the tablets from light . remove your kinzalmono tablet from the blister only directly prior to intake . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what kinzalmono contains - the active substance is telmisartan . each tablet contains 20 mg tetan ( as et - c ). - other ingredients are povidone , meglumine , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ) and magnesium stearate . ( see section 2 ). what you need to know before you are given kinezalmonio 20 mg tablets : the tablets are white to off - white , round , flat , bevelled edges , with " tmc 20 " on one side and " nvr " on the other side of the tablet . they are available in blister packs of 14 , 28 , 56 or 98 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
afstyla is a human clotting ( coagulation ) factor viii product , manufactured by recombinant dna technology . it contains the active substance lonoctocog alfa , which is naturally present in human blood and plasma . the active ingredient in a fsyla consists of a variety of ingredients , one of which are extracted from the bloodstream and the other . ingredients are used to treat bleeding episodes in adults , adolescents and children of all ages . in patients with haemophilia a ( inborn factor ii deficiency ), factor ix is missing or not working properly . this causes blood clot and may lead to an increased tendency to bleed . because the body does not have enough of factor 1i for this reason , it cannot produce enough factor 1a 
you must not be given afstyla : - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the injection . you should not be allowed to inhale or swallow the infusion . if in doubt , you should inform your doctor or nurse that you are allergic to hamster proteins . 46 if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . take special care not to injure yourself , or others , while you are being treated with this medicine . the batch number on your treatment diary will not be recorded on the patient alert card . do not share this information with other people . it is important that you keep this alert card and keep it with you at all times so that you can continue to follow it 
your treatment should be monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of blood clotting disorders . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one vial of afstyla per day . dose your doctor will calculate the dose and duration of treatment based on the severity of your disease the site and intensity of the bleeding your clinical condition and response to reconstitution and administration general instructions the powder must be mixed with the solvent ( liquid ) and withdrawn from the vial under aseptic conditions . when you are given a dose or administering , you should use a lot of the powder . your doctor may prescribe other medicines or solvents for use in combination with them . see section 6 . after reconstitution , the solution should be clear or slightly opalescent and colourless to pale yellow .
like all medicines , afstyla can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice symptoms of allergic reactions . allergic reactions may include the following symptoms : hives , generalised urticaria ( itchy rash ), tightness of the chest , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure , dizziness and anaphylaxis ( bleeding ). patients treated with factor viii medicines whose activity is reduced or not controlled with inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ). common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people . in patients who have received previous treatment with factor 1i ( more than 150 days of treatment ), the following side effects have been reported : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): infections of the nervous system ( e . g 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the afstyla powder in the vial in order to protect from light . it may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a single period not exceeding 3 months , but before this period ends , the product must be used or discarded . please record the date from when you start to store the reconstituted product in the syringe or vial , and the date after which the product should be discarded ( no more than one vial per year ). once the product has been removed from the refrigerator , allow the product to return to room temperature for at least an hour before use . if not used immediately , in 
what afstyla contains the active substance is lonoctocog alfa . one vial of 2 . 5 ml water for injections the solution contains 100 mg of lonoctcog allocate . after reconstitution with 2. 5 mg / l , two separate syringes are used to make the solution . each vial contains approximately 200 mg of orphane ( e1201 ) lonoctopog alfie 1000 iu / vial : one viall is for reconstitution ; 2 , 5 % of the total volume of injectionsthe solution contains approximately 400 mg of honoctoCog alfata per 1500 mbq . two vials are needed . reconstitution by 5 5% of the volume of the two reconstituted solutions , each containing approximately 300 micrograms of
the active substance of praxbind , idarucizumab , is a reversal agent . it is used in combination with dabigatran ( pradaxa ), a blood thinner medicine that helps to prevent blood clot formation . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . to rapidly trap dabig atran , you can have a hard capsule . read the " instructions for use " for more information on how to take axbind and what it is for do . when ipad is used as your doctor has told you to , it is very important that you immediately tell your doctor that you are using it , as it prevents the need for emergency surgery or urgent procedures . this is because of the increased risk of uncontrolled bleeding
do not use praxbind : - if you are allergic to idarucizumab or to any of the other ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will check whether you have a genetic disease called hereditary fructose intolerance ( hfi ) because the substance sorbitol ( a type of sugar ) in your food pipe . some people taking this medicine have had serious adverse reactions after they have been given it . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor immediately . check with your doctor or pharmacist before you use this medicine with dabigatran . this medicine is used in combination with other medicines to prevent blood clots . the active substance dabig atran is removed from the body through the
praxbind is usually given by a healthcare professional . the recommended dose is 5 mg dabigatran per kg of body weight . you will receive this medicine once every 2 . 5 hours . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment you need . this medicine will be given by infusion ( drip ) into a vein . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . during your treatment and to prevent blood clot formation , you will be monitored by your doctor while you are being treated with dabig . it is recommended that you stay on the treatment for at least 24 hours after receiving the last dose . do not stop taking this medicine without consulting your doctor first . tell your doctor or nurse if any of the above applies to you .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
what praxbind contains the active substance is idarucizumab . the other ingredients are : sodium acetate trihydrate , acetic acid ( e300 ), sorbitol( e420 ), polysorbate 20 and water for injections ( see " if you need to know more about the ingredients " in this leaflet ). what prxbind looks like and contents of the pack the clear to slightly opalescent and colourless to slightly yellow solution in a glass vial with a butyl rubber stopper and sealed with an aluminium cap . each pack contains one vial .
the name of your medicine is temomedac . it contains a medicine called temozolomide . this medicine is an antitumour agent ( more in tumour tissue than in normal tumours ). the doctor has prescribed temtemomediac for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours ( e . g ., in patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme ). in patients who have not been previously treated : the doctor will decide whether to continue treatment with the first radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( maintenance phase ). there may be up to 3 treatment phases : malignant glomum , such as : gli - loboblast ma multifocal or anaplastic astrocytoma , when other treatments have not worked well enough
do not take temomedac : - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during treatment : have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . have had a reduced number of blood cells that are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of temomedac . this is based on your height and weight ( body surface area ). you should usually take the dose once a day , unless you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and after your treatment with temac to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme you will normally receive treatment with either radiotherapy ( concomitant phase ) or first followed by treatment with only one dose in three phases . the first dose of the second phase will be given to you in combination with another medicine called tem
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), uncontrolled bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills severe headache that does not go away . temomedac treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising , bleeding or anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells which can cause fever ) and reduced resistance to infections . the reduction in blood cell counts may lead to a life - threatening problem . your doctor will monitor you closely during and after your treatment . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( including cold ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and carton after exp . store below 30 and use immediately . any change in the appearance of the capsules is hereby considered to be invalid .
what temomedac contains - the active substance is temozolomide . temac 5 mg hard capsules : each capsule contains 5 mg temozalomide ( as mesilate ). each capsule of TEMomed ac 20 mg contains 20 mg TEMozolomiide ( as esilates ). temtemomediac 100 mg / 100 mg film - coated tablet : - each tablet contains 100 mg of temizolomide [ see section 2 ]. - temokac 140 mg : every capsule contains 140 mg of this type of medicine [ segfr ] ( see section ' further information about some of the ingredients in this medicine '). - other strengths : the 180 mg and 180 mg tablets : one tablet contains 180 mg tetany ( 18 mg ) temazo
cialis is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , ererect penis suitable for sexual activity . ciali has been shown to significantly improve the ability of obtaining , and maintain a healthy , sexual relationship with someone who is able to obtain a sexually suitable , suitable sex or a relationship involving an unborn child . the active substance tadalafil belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitors . by getting ready to have an affair , the activity of the penis is likely to be increased when you get sexually excited . it will only help you to get a productive sexual activity that will last long enough for you to satisfactorily complete your adult , semi - extortion ( e 
do not take cialis : - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any other non - organic nitrate - or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nutrite . this is a group of medicines (" nitsrates ") used in the treatment of angina pectoris (" chest pain "). you should not be given ciais if any of these medicines are in the same group of natrate . - you have serious heart disease or have recently had a heart attack within the last 90 days . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if : you are taking any medicine and / or you are breast - feeding . you are seriously ill ( or have lost 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . cialis tablets are for oral use . swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . the recommended dose is one 5 mg tablet taken once a day . your doctor may adjust the dose to 2 . 5 mg based on your response to the tablet . do not take more than one tablet per day during the seven days of the week shown in the chart below . you should not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet , but talk to your doctor about other ways of managing your erection . no data are available on male / female fertility . it is important that you take all the tablets with sexual intercourse at the right time of day , and in that case , at least 24 hours after taking the tablets , unless otherwise directed by your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate in nature . if you experience any of the following side effects stop using the medicine and seek medical help immediately : - allergic reactions including rashes ( frequency uncommon ). - chest pain - do not use nitrates or frequency uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - priapsim may cause a prolonged and possibly painful erection after taking cialis ( frequency rare ). you should seek medical assistance immediately if your partner experiences an elopection and it does not last long enough for you to complete sexual intercourse . for at least 4 hours you should contact a doctor immediately , since this may be a sign of sudden loss of vision ( frequency unknown ). other side effects have also been reported : common ( affects
what cialis contains - the active substance is tadalafil . each tablet contains 2 . 5 mg / ml . the other ingredients are : - tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see end of section 2 ), croscarmellose sodium , hydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), microcrystalline cellulose , sodium laurilsulfate , magnesium stearate . - film - coat - containing lactoses monohydrate , the tablets are hypromellose , triacetin , titanium dioxide , iron oxide yellow [ e172 ], iron oxide red [ tetracycline ] and talc . what the tablet looks like and contents of the pack cialIS 2 , 5 mg tablets are light orange , biconvex ,
enyglid is an oral antidiabetic medicine containing repaglinide which helps your pancreas produce more insulin and thereby lower your blood sugar ( glucose ). type 2 diabetes is a disease in which your pancras does not make enough insulin to control the sugar in your blood or where your body does not respond normally to the insulin it produces . enzyglid helps control the level of sugar in the blood after a meal and helps you to control what your body is able to use ( if you ) to control diabetes . as an add - on to diet and exercise : treatment is usually started if diet , exercise and weight reduction alone have not helped to control ( or lower ) your blood glucose . you should continue to follow your food and exercise plan as recommended by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . your doctor may also prescribe englid with metform
do not take enyglid : if you are allergic to repaglinide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking enlyglid about all of your medical conditions , particularly if : you have type 1 diabetes ( i . e . the acid level in your blood is raised ( diabetic ketoacidosis ). you have a severe liver disease . you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in certain patients with liver problems ) or moderate liver 28 disease ( see also section 2 . " what you need to know before you take the medicine "). you do not have sex until you have established your own defense mechanisms . it has not been studied in these conditions . there is little information on the use of 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will work out your dose . the normal starting dose is 0 . 5 mg before each main meal . swallow the tablets with a glass of water immediately before or up to 30 minutes before each major meal , preferably at about the same time each day . after 4 weeks , your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 30 mg once a day , but this will usually be in the range of 15 mg to 16 mg . if your blood sugar is not properly controlled , the medicine may become too low causing a hypo ( see ' warnings and precautions ' at the end of this leaflet ). do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . to help you remember to take enyglid
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia the most commonly reported side effect is hypoglacyaemia which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ( see also section 2 ). hypogglycaemic reactions are generally mild / moderate . however , some may be serious and may lead to coma . if this happens , medical assistance is needed immediately . allergy allergy is very rare ( may affect more than 1 user in 10 , 000 ). symptoms may include swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy and sweating ( possible signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects very common ( may effect more than1 in 10 users in 100 ): - headache - diarrhoea - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - indigestion -
what enyglid contains - the active substance is repaglinide . each tablet contains 0 . 5 mg , 1 mg or 2 mg retinol ( as besilate ). the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate ( anhydrous ), croscarmellose sodium , povidone k25 , glycerol 85 %, magnesium stearate , meglumine , and poloxamer . the printing ink contains yellow iron oxide ( e172 ) only in the 1 mg tablets and red iron oxide( e 172 ). in the 2 mg tablets , the corresponding ink is white , round and biconvex with bevelled edges . 1 mg : pale brown , yellow , marked with ' r ' on one side and 
azacitidine mylan is an anti - cancer agent which belongs to a group of medicines called ' anti ' metabolites '. azacciitidine is a substance derived from the needles of yew trees . the active substance in this medicine , azaditidine , belongs to the class of substances called cytokines . - this medicine is produced by recombinant dna technology in chinese hamster ovary ( cho - k1 ) cells . one of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - you have been treated with an mds and a stem cell transplantation to treat : - higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mmds ) - chronic myelamonocytic leukaemia
do not use azacitidine mylan : - if you are allergic to anhydrase or to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - in patients with advanced liver cancer . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have decreased counts of platelets , red or white blood cells . you have kidney disease or liver disease you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack or any history of lung disease . blood test you will have blood tests before you start treatment and then regularly while you are being treated . your doctor will check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents 
before giving you azacitidine mylan , your doctor will give you another medicine to prevent nausea and vomiting at the start of each treatment cycle . the recommended dose is 75 mg per m2 body surface area . your doctor may decide to increase your dose of this medicine , depending on your general condition , height and weight . if you have any further questions on the use of this product , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . do not change your dose without speaking to your doctor as this may affect its activity . you will usually receive this medicine once a week , but it may take about 3 weeks to find the best dose for you . this " treatment cycle " will be repeated every 4 weeks . it will normally be given to you over a period of up to 6 months . use this medicine as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) into the skin of your thigh 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical attention : drowsiness , shaking , jaundice , abdominal bloating and easy bruising . these may be symptoms of liver failure and can be life - threatening . swelling of the legs and feet , back pain , reduced passing of water , increased thirst , rapid pulse , dizziness , nausea , vomiting and reduced appetite , confusion , restlessness , fatigue , and worsening of symptoms such as nausea and vomiting . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): liver failure , swollen hands , ankles , feet or legs , decreased libido ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use azacitidine mylan after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial label after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after preparation , this medicine should be used immediately . if necessary , the suspension should be kept refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). if the azacionitidine melan suspension is not being used after it has been prepared by the healthcare professionals at the hospital , it should be administered as soon as possible after it is prepared using water for injections . the suspension must be used within 8 hours if stored in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ) or if it is being given by a healthcare professional , he will be supervised by the health care professional supervising the entire duration of the 8 - hour period , during which the 
what azacitidine mylan contains powder : - the active substance is aza Citidine . one vial of powder contains 100 mg azaCitidine ( as mesilate ). after reconstitution with 4 ml of water for injections , the reconstituted suspension contains 25 mg / 0 . 5 mmol / milligrams / vial . the other ingredient in the powder is mannitol ( e421 ) and sesipidus ( 6 . 123mg / 5 . in the solvent part of the pack this medicine contains a white powder for suspension for injection and is supplied in a glass vial bearing the symbol ' 100 ' and the product is called ' sv - 007 '. the vial is containing a clear , colourless liquid that comes in 
duotrav eye drop solution contains a combination of two active substances , travoprost and timolol in one eye . travondo not works as a prostaglandin analogue , which is a light - sensitive substance in and around the eye , called a beta blocker . it works by reducing the amount of fluid within the eye and thus reducing pressure within the eyes . the two active ingredients together work together to reduce high pressure in the eye which can lead to an illness called glaucoma . you should talk to your doctor if you do not feel better or if your vision is worse .
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost , prostaglandins , timolol , beta blockers , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have respiratory problems such as asthma , severe chronic obstructive bronchitis or severe lung disease you develop wheeziness , difficulty in breathing in or out of long - standing cough you have breathing problems you have severe hay fever you have a slow heartbeat , heart failure or a disorder of heart rhythm ( irregular heartbeats ), the water in the eye looks cloudy . if any of these applies to you , do not take the tablets . talk to a doctor or pharmacist before taking duo
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . use duotrav at the same time each day . this will help you to remember to use it . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . you can use the drops in your eyes at any time of the day , even if they are not empty . if your doctor thinks that the effect of duo trav is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor . eye drops can be used for 1 week , 2 weeks , 3 and 4 weeks after the last dose . take a bottle and keep it at room temperature ( between 15 and 25 ). wash your hands before using the bottle . twist off the bottle cap , and place
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you can carry on taking the drops , unless the effects are serious . if you are worried , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not stop using duotrav without speaking to your eye doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - effect on the eye eye redness . commonly side effects these may affect up to 1 to 10 users in a 100 - counted eye eye surface inflammation with or without surface damage . this can cause eye pain , blurred vision , abnormal vision and dry eye , itchy eye or eye discomfort . signs and symptoms include eye irritation , burning and stinging . uncommon side effects may affect less than1 in 100 people - effects in the eye irritation caused by surface damage to the eye . reporting of side effects
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the box and on the sachet after exp . store below 30 . throw away the bottle 4 weeks after first opening to prevent infections . write the date of opening on the bottle and box if you notice any change in the appearance of the tablets . return the bottle containing any opened tablets to the pharmacist or doctor , who will dispose of the used tablets in the best way possible .
what duotrav contains - the active substance is travoprost / timolol . each tablet contains 40 mg of travonol ( as besilate ). one vial of 5 ml contains :  titmololl ( as mesilates ).  the other ingredients are : polyquaternium - 1 , mannitol , propylene glycol ( e1520 ), polyoxyethylene hydrogenated castor oil . 40 mg tablet : boric acid , sodium chloride / sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid . - purified water . not all pack sizes may be marketed . the solvent is water for injections in the vials , which contains sodium hydrogenated ( hydroxyx ) and / or water for infusion
nplate ' s active ingredient is romiplostim , a protein that reduces low platelet counts . it is used to treat immune ( idiopathic ) thrombocytopenic purpura ( itp ). itp is a disease that affects your body 's immune system , which is causing your body to reduce the number of platelets . platelets are important as they help your blood to form blood clots . very low platelets counts can lead to bruising and serious bleeding . n plate is used in adults and children 1 year of age and older and adolescents who have had their spleen removed , and who have chronic itp that has not been previously treated with corticosteroids ( immunoglobulins ).
do not use nplate if you are allergic to romiplostim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist . if there is still a possibility that you may be allergic to other medicines caused by escherichia coli ( e . censer - coli ). warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine your doctor will check your platelet count . ( thrombocytopenia ). talk to your doctor before you receive n plate , if : you have problems with your platelets count , which increases the risk of blood clots . you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretrovirals . so , it is important to know that you are getting enough
always use nplate exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . adults and children ( from 1 month to 17 years ) the recommended dose is one vial ( 0 . 5 ml ) of n plate per kilogram of your body weight , given once a week . your doctor will tell you how many vials to use and how often you will need to be given a dose . how and when to give you the dose depends on your age and body weight and on your general condition . when you will first be given another type of medicine , you will be asked to take an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous ). use in children and adolescents ( aged 1 year and above ) you may be able to give yourself the first dose of one plate . before you receive your first dose , your doctor may decide to check your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported for itp patients : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache ; allergic reaction ; upper respiratory tract infection ; common ( might affect up to 1 in10 people ); bone marrow disorder ; increased bone mammalian fibres ; trouble sleeping ( insomnia ); dizziness , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ); migraine ; redness ofthe skin ; flushing ; nose bleeds . common : diarrhoea ; feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; rash ; itching ; muscle spasm . uncommon : urticaria ; raised aldosterone levels ; inflammation of the lung ( 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . once reconstituted in water , this medicine should be used within 30 days ( stored below 25 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what nplate contains - the active substance is romiplostim . each ml of solution for injection contains 230 micrograms of romiolostim ( corresponding to 125 microlitres ). - each vial of n plate contains a deliverable amount of 0 . 25 g solution , equivalent to approximately 125 milligrams ( iu ) ROMiploStim if supplied as a single dose of 500 microlitre . - one vial in a vial contains 250 microgram / litre solution containing 375 microgram ( 1 . 5 milliliters ), equivalent to 2 . 3 millilitres ( 8 . 7 millimol ) solution . the vials also contain 250 milligrades ( 9 . 6 millimetres ) of romeplost 
this medicine contains an active substance called glycopyrronium bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what tovanor breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to : a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . these muscles become tighter in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out . if you use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
do not use tovanor breezhaler - if you are allergic to glycopyrronium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor or nurse should tell you if any of these applies to you : - you have kidney problems . - your doctor has told you that you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . you have difficulty passing urine . during treatment , your doctor may need to reduce the dose or stop the dose . talk with your doctor about how to use this medicine and how to prevent it from becoming too high or too low . tell your doctor immediately if : you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using tovanOR bre
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much tovanor breezhaler to use the usual dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use it once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( over 75 years of age ) your doctor will tell you how many capsules to use at the same time each day as this medicine will help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . for this medicine , you will find an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalation powder . the capsules should remain in the capsule compartment when you open them . if the inhalers have been removed from this pack ( to vanor 
what tovanor breezhaler contains - the active substance is glycopyrronium bromide . each capsule contains 63 micrograms of glycopirronium brmide ( equivalent to 50 microgram per capsule ). the delivered dose ( the dose that leaves the mouthpiece of the inhaler ) is equivalent to 44 microgram ( 9 microgram ) glycopyrinium .  the other ingredients of this inhalation powder ( excipients ) are lactose monohydrate and magnesium stearate . what tovanium brezhaler looks like and contents of the pack tovanOR breezehaler 44 microg capsules are hard capsules , which contain a white powder . they have the product code " gpl50 " printed above and a company logo ( ) printed below a black bar on the body of the capsule 
adasuve contains the active substance loxapine and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it works by blocking specific receptors in the brain which are involved in dopamine and serotonin , a substance that has been shown to have calming effects and relieving aggressive behaviour in adult patients with acute symptoms of mild - to - moderate agitation , schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , which are diseases characterised by symptoms ( such as schizophrenia ) hearing , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with these reactions may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . in people with bipolar disease , these reactions can cause feelings of isolation and unworthiness , suspiciousness , and even be suspicious of others .
do not take adasuve : - if you are allergic to loxapine or amoxepine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during treatment if : symptoms are wheezing and shortness of breath . these may be signs of lung problems like asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). narrowing of the airways ( bronchospasm ), wheeze , cough , chest tightness , or shortnessof breath 25 . - you have ever had neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms ). if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms similar to those seen in patients taking antipsychotic medicines . your doctor should treat these symptoms as early as possible . high fever and rigid muscle contractions ( mya
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is adasuve 9 . 1 mg once a day for 2 weeks , followed by a daily dose of 4 . 5 mg / day . your doctor will adjust your dose depending on your condition and on your general condition . take the dose by mouth using the device provided in the box . do not use more than one device at a time . you may experience the following symptoms : extreme tiredness , sleepiness , trouble breathing , low blood pressure , throat irritation , a bad taste in the mouth , muscle or eye movements , etc ., contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . it is important that you take the tablets or the box with you so that the doctor knows what you have been using . 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported : if you have any breathing symptoms ( wheezing , cough , shortness of breath , chest tightness ), or it becomes irritating , or if your airways become blocked or you get asthma or copd , and you develop light - headedness or fainting . these effects may be more noticeable if they last for a long time . your doctor will check your blood pressure regularly . if it gets worse , you may experience worsening agitation , confusion , fever , muscle stiffness , as these may be signs of a severe condition called neuroleptic malignant syndrome . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - diarrho
keep out of the sight and reach of children . do not use adasuve after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiration date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . once removed from the refrigerator , do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what adasuve contains - the active substance is loxapine . each single - dose inhaler delivers 5 micrograms of loxаpine which equates to 4 . 5 milligrams / ml . - there are no other ingredients . ( notes information ): - o the other ingredients are : o inhale , pressurised , white plastic inhalers , containing ethanol , lactose and syringe ( e422 ). what : the contents of the pack adauve 4 , 5 mg inhalation powder in a sealed foil pouch is supplied with a desiccant . pack sizes : 1 or 5 inhalations . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
your doctor has prescribed azacitidine betapharm as an anti - cancer agent , which belongs to a group of medicines called ' immunoglobulins '. the active substance in this medicine is called azaccitidine . the name of your medicine is used in patients who are not able to have a stem cell transplantation . it is used to treat : - higher - risk myelodysplastic syndromes ( mds ). - chronic myelosomonocytic leukaemia ( cmml ) or acute myeloid leukoemia ( aml ). these are diseases which affect the bone marrow and can cause problems with normal blood cell production . by attaching to and blocking the dna of patients who have been treated before . through combination treatment with azacionitidine betatapharm , 
do not use azacitidine betapharm - if you are allergic to azacionitidine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - in patients with advanced liver cancer . - during treatment with this medicine , you may be at risk of decreased counts of platelets , red or white blood cells . this may be a sign of kidney disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine your doctor will check whether you have liver disease or you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack or any history of lung disease which is not well controlled . blood test you will have blood tests before you start treatment and then regularly during each of these to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents there is no experience with the use in children or adolescents under 18
before giving you azacitidine betapharm , your doctor will give you another medicine to prevent nausea and vomiting at the start of each treatment cycle . the recommended dose is 75 mg per m2 body surface area . your doctor or nurse will decide your dose of this medicine , depending on your general condition , height and weight . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much you will be given - the usual dose is one treatment cycle ( 24 weeks ). - after this " treatment cycle ", you will receive 2 doses in a row . this will be repeated every 4 weeks . you will usually receive at least 6 treatment cycles . - this medicine is given to you as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) by a doctor or other health care professional . it may be given by injection under your skin on your thigh ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical attention : drowsiness , shaking , jaundice , abdominal bloating and easy bruising . these may be symptoms of liver failure and can be life - threatening . swelling of the legs and feet , back pain , reduced passing of water , increased thirst , rapid pulse , dizziness , nausea , vomiting and reduced appetite , confusion , restlessness , fatigue , and worsening of symptoms such as nausea and vomiting . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): liver failure , swollen hands , ankles , feet or ankles and decreased libido .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use azacitidine betapharm after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial label after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . once the suspension has been prepared , it should be administered within 45 minutes . when prepared as directed , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of your doctor and would normally not be longer than 45 days if stored in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). when using immediately after prepared and administered dose , your doctor may decide to keep the aza Citidine betatapharm suspension in its unopened vial and inject it within 8 hours if refrigerated and at room temperature ( 20 - 25 ). reconstituted and diluted solutions are used immediately . if prepared using water for injections is required , the suspension
what azacitidine betapharm contains - the active substance is azacriitidine . one vial contains 100 mg azacciitidine ( as besilate ). after reconstitution with 4 ml of water for injections , the reconstituted suspension contains 25 mg / mL aza Citidine [ e421 ]. - additional ingredient : mannitol ( e 421 ). what azocitine betaphar looks like and contents of the pack azacionitidine betatapharm is supplied as a white to off - white powder for suspension for injection and is supplied in a glass vial containing 100 mg of azaCitidine
cerdelga contains the active substance eliglustat . it is used for the long term treatment of gaucher disease type 1 in adults , adolescents and children ( 12 years of age and older ). gaucher diseases type 1 is an inherited condition in which a substance called glucosylceramide is not removed from your body . this is spleen ( the part of the liver ) which plays a major role in the production of proteins in the body , mainly the liver and bones . by attaching to the glycaine ( g - csfs ), a medicine called st . john ' s wort is used to replace the missing methyl - polyangiitis , which is also used in the treatment of your affected organs . you will only be prescribed this medicine if you are not sure 
do not take cerdelga : - if you are allergic to eliglustat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines called moderate cyp2d6 inhibitors ( e . g . quinidine , terbinafine ). there are some 31 types of moderators , such as erythromycin and itraconazole . these medicines may reduce your body ' s ability to absorb the medicine and may make it harder for you to take them . your doctor will discuss this with you . before you start taking the medicine , you should tell your doctor if : you are taking medicines that contain a poor metabolism such as medicines called strong cystyp3a inhibitors , for example elicitat . you should also
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one vial of metaboliser 84 mg once a day . swallow the whole vial with a glass of water . you can take cerdelga with or without food . use the blister / wallet provided in the outer carton to open the sleeve . press and continue to press with your thumb or index finger until it breaks . do not press the plunger until it has completely dissolved . if there is still some liquid left in the blister/ wallet , take the next dose at the usual time . when you wake up , do not take any medicine until it is time for your next dose . to open it , write down the date of opening on the carton with the help of your doctor , pharmacist
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , change in taste ( dysgeusia ) palpitations , throat irritation , heartburn ( dyspepsia) feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea constipation abdominal pain , stomach ache ( upper abdominal pain that does not go away ) acid reflux disease ( gastrooesophageal reflux disease ) bloating ( abdominal distension ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) 34 difficulty swallowing ( e . g . stomach pain ) changes in blood tests ( increase in liver enzymes , increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver ) side effects with cerdelga include 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , sleeve label and carton after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . cerdelga is for single use only . once reconstituted , the product should be used immediately .
what cerdelga contains - the active substance is eliglustat . each hard capsule contains 84 mg of Eliglustate .  the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 , ' important information about some of these ingredients ') and starch , pregelatinised maize starch ( maize ). - other ingredients : capsule shell : cerdese ', hypromellose ( e464 ), glycerol dibehenate , gelatin , potassium aluminium silicate , titanium dioxide , yellow iron oxide and indigotine . printing ink : shellac , black iron oxide , propylene glycol and ammonia solution for injection in copd - ci30 . see also end of section 2
the active substance in zoledronic acid hospira is called bisphosphonates . one of the active substances of zolezic acid is ribavir , which is a natural substance produced by the bone . it works by slowing down the rate of bone change , and slowing the progression of bone complications , e . g . fractures , in adult patients with bone metastases ( spread of cancer from primary site tothe bone ). it also works by reducing the amount of calcium in the blood of a tumour . tumours can accelerate normal bone change in such a way that the release of calcium from bone is increased . this condition is known as tumour - induced hypercalcaemia ( tih ).
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid hospira and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given zoleric acid aspira : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance , or to any other bisphosphonate ( the group of substances to which zolezezic acid belongs ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not decide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine , and during treatment , at the same time as the medicine . talk to you doctor , pharmacist or nurse first and regularly while you are being treated with the prescribed dosage . - you have or have had a kidney problem . this may cause pain , swelling or 
zoledronic acid hospira must only be given by healthcare professionals trained in administering bisphosphonates intravenously , i . e . through a vein . method of ' iv ' administration : your doctor will recommend that you drink enough water before each treatment to help prevent dehydration . carefully follow all the other instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . how much is given - if you are being treated for a kidney problem , your doctor should give you a lower dose depending on the severity of your kidney problem the recommended dose is one infusion every 4 weeks . use in children and adolescents - when you are elderly , you will be given a dose lower than that of other medicines , which will normally be given once a week . the dose will be calculated from the weight of your child and will be worked out by
like all medicines , zoledronic acid hospira can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - severe kidney impairment ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain specific blood tests ). - low level of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may be seen in fewer than 1 in 100 people ); - pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing sores inside the mouth or jaw discharge ; - numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the Jaw ( osteonecrosis 
what zoledronic acid hospira contains - the active substance in each vial of zolédronic acids hospria is zolеdronic Acid . one vial contains 4 mg zolezionaric acid ( as monohydrate ). - other ingredients are : mannitol , sodium citrate and water for injections . what z zoleziic acid is used for the medicine is supplied as a liquid concentrate for solution for infusion ', called ' sterile concentrate '. each pack contains 4 vials of zorriatic acid . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country .
varuby contains the active substance rolapitant . it is used to treat adults with cancer feeling sick ( nauseous ) or being sick ( vomiting ) when they are having cancer treatment chemotherapy ( chemotherapy ) which affects nerve cells in the brain . this can cause vomiting , which can make you feel sick or be sick . rolulapitant works by allowing the body to produce its own protection ( antibodies ) against these nerve cells , thereby reducing nausea and vomiting .
do not take varuby : - if you are allergic to rolapitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking this medicine . - you are taking an herbal medicine called st john ' s wort ( hypericum performatum ) which is used for depression and difficulty sleeping . you should tell your doctor immediately if this applies to you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 2 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . talk with your doctor before taking this medicinal product if : 27 you have severe liver or kidney problems , you take certain medicines such as rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis and other infections ) or carbamazepine (
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 90 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . you may take varuby for up to 2 weeks before you start your chemotherapy cycle . when you start chemotherapy , you will be sick . sickness comes on suddenly and can be difficult to treat . it is very important that you keep to the dose as prescribed by your doctor . this will give you the best chance to recover and to prevent sickness . take the medicine at the same time every day , with food , in the morning and evening . if it is not possible to tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine , talk to your doctor before you continue to take it . please take this leaflet and any
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include sudden shortness of breath , swelling of the lips or tongue , change in taste or swelling of skin or tissue , sudden rash , fever and faster heartbeats . stop taking varuby and see your doctor immediately , as your doctor may give you other appropriate treatment . other side effects include : common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , constipation , feeling tired . uncommon : might affect upt 1 in 100 people cough , diarrhoea ,
what varuby contains the active substance is rolapitant . each tablet contains 90 milligrams ( mg ) rolulapitant the other ingredients are : tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see end of section 2 under ' va ruby contains lactoses '), pregelatinised starch , microcrystalline cellulose , povidone ( k - 30 ), croscarmellose sodium , colloidal silicon dioxide , magnesium stearate . film - coating : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), macrogol , polysorbate 80 . printing ink : shellac , red , blue 100 mg tablets , indigo carmine (" e132 ") and white 100 mg tablet , packed in a polyester chloride , and polychlorotrifluor
what enerzair breezhaler is and how it works the active substances are indacaterol , glycopyrronium - mometasone furoate indigo carmine ( m - carmine ) which belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . they work in different ways to relax the muscles of the small airways in the lungs . this helps to open the airways and makes it easier for air to get in and out . when it is taken regularly , it helps the small lungs to remain open . momenetainsone furaate belongs to the group of medicine called corticosteroids , often simply called steroids . corticotrosteroids reduce the swelling and irritation ( inflammation ) in the small aeroways in your lungs and so gradually ease breathing problems . by doing this they reduce the effects of
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . do not use enerzair breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking the medicine .if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given enERzair brazosha should not be given if : you have heart problems ( including an irregular or fast heartbeat ) you have thyroid gland problems you have diabetes or high blood sugar you have a history of seizures ( fits ), severe kidney problems , severe liver problems or a low level of potassium in your blood you have an eye problem
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is to inhale the content of one capsule each day . you only need to use the medicine once a day because the effect of enerzair breezhaler is negligible . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . your doctor will decide how much medicine you should use and how often you should take it . if your asthma is not controlled enough to control your symptoms , your doctor may prescribe an inhaler and capsules that contain the medicine . only use the inhalers provided in this pack for inhalation use only . please read the instructions for use on the other side of this leaflet for more information on how to open the capsules and how to remove the medicine from the blister . how to use peel the backing away
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop using enerzair breezhaler and get medical help immediately if you have any of the following : common ( may affect up to 1 in every 10 people ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects other possible side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . very common : may affect more than 1 in10 people - sore throat - runny nose - sudden difficulty breathing and feeling of " coffee grounds " ( an increased level of enzymes produced by the adrenal glands ) common reported side effects ( may effect up to1 in
- keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . - do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store the capsules in the original blister in order to protect from light and moisture , and do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what enerzair breezhaler contains - the active substances are indacaterol ( as acetate ), glycopyrronium ( as bromide ) and mometasone furoate . each delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece of the inhaler ) contains 150 micrograms of indocaterol( as apoate ), 63 microgramS of glycopirronium bromider ( equivalent to 50 microgram of glycopyridineum ) plus 160 microgram ( 1 microgram ) of mometesone Furoate in the form of liquid . the deliverance time of the delivered dose is equivalent to the time it takes to inhale the second dose . when the dose has been absorbed , the dose will be increased by one dose in the morning and two doses of two inhalations ( corresponding to 114 micro
the active ingredient clopidogrel belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets ( so - called thrombocytes ) are very small structures , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumped together , antiplatelets medicinal products reduce the chances of blood coagulations forming ( a process known as thrombosis ). you have been prescribed clopogrell acino pharma gmbh because you have already been warned that you have a higher risk of getting blood  clots ( thrombi ) forming in hardened blood vessels ( arteries ), which can be at risk of atherothromboisis ( which can lead to atherotrothrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ).
do not take clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clomipgrel ambh because : you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain ; you suffer from severe liver disease . check with your doctor before and during treatment with clopogrell acan pharma grmbhhh : before you start to take clupid povidonel - bh you should tell your doctor about all of your medical conditions , including the risk of bleeding . for example , if your doctor thinks he or she could give you the injection . 
always take clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 75 - mg tablet of clopogrell ambh per day to be taken orally with or without food , and in the evening , at about the same time each day . it is important that you take the tablet with a glass of water , preferably in the morning before breakfast . for the first time , your doctor will tell you exactly how long you should take , when to take it and for how long . if your doctor prescribes the strength most suitable for you , you should simply take the tablets with water and take them with food . do not break , crush or chew the tablets before swallowing as it may lead to a very low dose of 
like all medicines , clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( effect affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( effect applies to 1 to10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( effect occurs in 1 case - by - 10 user in10 ,000 ) very rare ( affect affects less than 1user in 10 million ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( ja
store in the original blister in order to protect from moisture . keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh after the expiry date , which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . the expiration date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . remove from the refrigerator : no medicine should be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what clopidogrel acino pharma gmbh contains - the active substance is clopinogrell . each tablet contains 75 mg of clopionogrelly ( as besilate ).  the other ingredients are : tablet core : macrogol 6000 cellulose , microcrystalline ( e460 ) crospovidone type a castor oil , hydrogenated film - coating ; macrogol 6000 ethylcellulose( e462 ) titanium dioxide (  e 171 ) what do you need to know before you are given clopogril ? the contents of the pack do not exceed the 171 mg tablets which are white to off - white , marbled , round and biconvex . they are supplied in cardboard cartons containing 14 , 28 , 30 ,
delstrigo is used to treat hiv (' human immunodeficiency virus ') infection in adults , adolescents and children . it is one of a family of medicines called ' antiretroviral medicines '. doravirine is a non - nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nnrti ) lamivudine has been shown to work in just under a different hiv receptor to treat a condition called lt1 receptor . ntrtis , and tenofovir disoproxil , another type of medicine , a nuclear medicine doctor , who is trained to read and / or digest digest protein . each of the above applies to a specific subtype of hiv infection , which is usually only for adults aged 18 years and over . hiv is the virus
do not take delstrigo : - if you are allergic to doravirine , lamivudine , tenofovir disoproxil , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . take the following medicines as your doctor may need to change your dose : carbamazepine ; oxcarbazepine or phenobarbital and phenytoin ( medicines to prevent seizure and to prevent fits ); rifampicin and risapentine , which are medicines to treat tuberculosis . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking delspigo , and during treatment :
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : a complete regimen consisting of a single tablet for treating hiv infection ( i . e . multiple myelin - 1 ) and a combination of certain medicines , such as doravirine . your doctor will tell you whether you need to take a different type of medicine . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . this medicine can be taken with or without food . take the tablet at the same time each day . it is best to take delstrigo 12 hours before or at least one hour after your meal . duration of your treatment with del-trigo , do not take more than the prescribed dose . you should continue taking de
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , sleepiness , cough , nasal symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , wind ( flatulence ), hair loss , rash muscle symptoms ( including pain or stiffness ), feeling tired ( fatigue ), cough muscle problems ( including muscle spasms , back pain and joint pain ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), rash joint pain ( back pain ) flu - like illness , tiredness ( asthenia ), itching , skin redness of the skin 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle label and the carton after " exp ". store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the medicine inside the bottle and keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions . delstrigo must be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what delstrigo contains - each tablet contains 100 mg doravirine , 300 mg lamivudine and 245 mg tenofovir disoproxil ( as fumarate ) - the other ingredients are : tablet core : croscarmellose sodium e468 ; hypromellose acetate succinate ; magnesium stearate ( e470b ); microcrystalline cellulose e460 ; silica , colloidal anhydrous e551 ; sodium stearyl fum arate as a coating material : carnauba wax e903 ( containing hyprollose , iron oxide yellow ), lactose monohydrate , titanium dioxide e171 , triacetin . film - coating : 776 pfizer , 
spravato contains the active substance esketamine . this belongs to a group of medicines called anti - depressants . your doctor has prescribed this medicine to help treat your depression . it helps to reduce the symptoms of depression , including feeling sad , anxious or worthless , sleeping difficulties , change in appetite , loss of interest in favourite activities , feeling of being slowed down , and taking another antidepressant 2 hours after you have taken it . talk to your doctor if you do not feel better after 2 months . do not stop taking antidepressive medicines unless your doctor tells you to .
do not use spravato - if you are allergic to esketamine or any of the other ingredients of ketamine used in anaesthesia . warnings and precautions talk to your anaesthetist before using this medicine ( see section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if there is a history of an aneurysm ( a weak spot in a blood vessel wall ) or bulges out , bleeding in the brain , or if someone else in your family has recently had a heart attack or within 6 weeks of a temporary increase in blood pressure . there may be serious complications in these conditions . if any of these apply to you , you should not be given the injection . your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and have any medical conditions , including long - term care , during treatment with s
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to use the spravato nasal spray is supplied in spray bottles . the nasal spray device is used for 1 , 2 and 3 nasal spray devices . each spray delivers one nasal spray approx . 4 ml of solution , which is a total of 4 sprays per minute . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose is one spray once a day with food , at least 4 hours before bedtime . if your child is less than 4 years of age , you should not use a spray device until you have spoken to your doctor . do not change the dose or stop treatment without consulting your doctor first . it may take 30 minutes for this medicine to work . nasal sprays with steroid and decongestant medicines should be used as directed by
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling disconnected , having feelings and things around you feeling dizzy - headache - change in sense of taste feeling sleepy - decreased feeling or sensitivity to light - especially in the mouth area - spinning sensation - vertigo - vomiting nausea common ( might affect up to 1 in10 people ). if you feel extremely happy , euphoria , feeling agitated , being less alert or aware or feeling irritable . - spravato may make you feel dizzy or drowsy . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - allergic reactions , including a hoarse voice -
what spravato contains - the active substance is esketamine . - each nasal spray device contains esesketamine hydrochloride equivalent to 28 mg espiraconazole ( e321 ) citric acid monohydrate disodium edetate sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) water for injections . ( see section 2 ). what pravaTO looks like and contents of the pack s Pravato is a nasal spray solution for use in adults . you will find this medicine as a clear , colourless solution in a single - use nasal spray applicator . the contents of sprivato are presented as packs containing 1 , 2 , 3 , or 6 nasal spray devices . not all pack sizes may be marketed . each nasal spasm device is packed in  a
zelboraf is an anticancer medicine containing the active substance vemurafenib used to treat melanoma that has spread to other parts of the body , or cannot be removed by surgery . it is used in adults if there is a change ( mutation ) in a gene called ' egfr ' ( epidermal growth factor receptor ) and you have already had a lot of ecgf before . this change may have serious consequences for you or your child , and you cannot keep up with the changes in your cancer . you should talk to your doctor if you have any questions or are not sure .
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to vemurafenib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). symptoms of allergic reactions may include swelling of the face , lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , rash and fainting sensation . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment with zelborof . allergic reactions can occur as a result of exposure to a wide range of allergens ( see " allergic reactions " in section 4 ). you should report allergic reactions when you first start taking zbor af and tell your doctor immediately if : you get any symptoms of an allergic reaction , such as : - swelling of your face - lips or tongue which may cause difficulty breathing or rash - fainting sensation . do not use this medicine 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is 4 mg once a day . your doctor may increase your dose gradually over time , up to a maximum of 8 mg once daily . the dose may be increased or decreased depending on side effects you experience during your treatment with zelboraf . taking the tablet at the same time each day will help you to remember to take it . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may affect how the medicine is absorbed and may change how much medicine gets into your body . in order to reduce the risk of vomiting , your doctor will tell you how to switch from that treatment to zborafig . if your doctor thinks that you can take the tablet on an empty stomach
like all medicines , zelboraf can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions if you notice swelling of the face , lips or tongue , difficulty breathing rash fainting sensation when i am waking up , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of zeloraf , or stop radiation treatment , depending on the type of side effects you get . some of these effects may be serious and may require treatment with a small amount of radiation . in some cases , some patients may experience radiation more quickly than others and so may need to be treated . if this happens , your doctor will decide to permanently stop zbor af treatment . radiation may be harmful to the skin , epiphagus , bladder , liver , recum , and lungs . contact your doctor or the nearest hospital immediately 
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use zelboraf after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister foil after " exp ". store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . please return the pack with you to your pharmacist . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what zelboraf contains - the active substance is vemurafenib . - each film - coated tablet contains 240 mg of VEmurafarib ( as a co - precipitate of vemorafeniab ).  the other ingredients are : hypromellose acetate succinate , colloidal anhydrous silica , croscarmellose sodium ( e468 ), hydroxypropyl cellulose , magnesium stearate film , iron oxide red ( 1 pfizer ), macrogol 3350 , polyvinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed )), talc and titanium dioxide ( only e171 ) ( only for a limited period of time ). what the tablet looks like and contents of the pack zelboroaf 240 micrograms film
duoplavin contains clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ) and belongs to a group of medicines called antiplatelet medicinal products . platelets are very small structures in the blood , which clump together during blood clotting . by preventing this clumped together , the blood vessels become thinner and smaller , and antiplatelets medicinal products reduce the chances of blood coagulations forming ( atherothrombosis ). duoclavin is taken to prevent blood clits in hardened arteries , a process known as atherthrombotic events ( such as stroke , heart attack , or death ). you have been prescribed duvoplavin because you have a higher risk of getting blood  clots by hardening of the bloodstream . this can reduce the risk of atherotrothro
do not take duoplavin : - if you are allergic to clopidogrel , acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) -if you or your child is allergic to other products , such as non- steroidal anti- inflammatory products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscles or joints . you suffer from a medical condition such as asthma , nasal discharge , runny nose , polyps ( a type of growth ) in the back of your nose . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if your medical condition is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding within the brain . if
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet of duoplavin a day . it is important that you take your medicine regularly , because in some cases , you may need to take the tablet for several days to get the desired effect . if necessary , your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take duoclavin . do not stop taking your medicine without your doctor ' s advice . take this leaflet with you , so that your doctor can tell you what to do , or to stop it , if a heart attack occurs . talk to your doctor before you take duaplavin or if someone else or a child takes your medicine , they could be at increased risk of bleeding . keep the tablet bottle with you so that you can easily describe what
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and/ or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters ofthe skin . this may be the signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister , after exp . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture , and do not take any action if there is any visible sign of deterioration do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what duoplavin contains - the active substances are clopidogrel and acetylsalicylic acid ( asa ). 75 mg film - coated tablets : each tablet contains :  csf - o - aspartate ( e487 ) 46  the other ingredients are : tablet core : maize starch , mannitol , macrogol 6000 , microcrystalline cellulose , low substituted hydroxypropylcellulose . - ingredients in the tablet core are maizestarch and hydrogenated castor oil . refer to section 2 ' important information about some of the ingredients of duloxetine '. carnauba wax , white wax . tablet coating : shellac , propylene glycol ', sulphate . 75 mg tablet :
simbrinza contains two active substances , brinzolamide and brimonidine tartrate . brinzolam belongs to a group of medicines known as carbonic anhydrase inhibitors . brimoniidine saltrate belongs to the group of medications known as alpha - 2 adrenergic receptor agonists , which help to reduce pressure within the eye . simbrine is used to lower pressure in the eyes in adults from 18 years old with eye conditions such as glaucoma or ocular hypertension ( high pressure in both eyes ).
do not take simbrinza : - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , brimonidine tartrate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat diabetes , infections or diuretics ( water tablets )) or to a monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitor ( e . g . medicines used for depression or parkinson ' s disease ). - take certain antidepressants ( or any antidépressant medicines you may be taking with or without food ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have severe kidney problems you have too much acidity in your blood ( hyperchloraemic acidosis ) you drink plenty of water ( see also " drinking alcohol
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in the affected eye or eyes once a day in the evening . do not use simbrinza in the eyes unless your doctor tells you to do so . wash your hands before you start . 1 2 how to use the bottle : hold the bottle tightly closed in half with the cap , in order to protect from moisture . after the cap is removed , if snap collar is loose , remove before using the medicine . press firmly against the cap and snap collar while turning it counter clockwise . twist off the bottle cap . when you have reached room temperature ( between 1 and 2 ), take the medicine out . use it as soon as you can , but do not store it in the fridge . fingers should not touch the inside of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : - a reaction to the medicine is rare ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - an allergic reaction may occur . - severe skin reactions ( rash , redness and itching all over your body ) - eyes trouble breathing , chest pain or irregular heart beat tell your doctor immediately if you experience extreme tiredness or dizziness . side effects reported with simbrinza have been reported with other medicines . these are reported as follows : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , and / or heartburn . common reported side effects are listed below , which can occur with this medicinal product .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the carton after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . you must throw away the bottle 4 weeks after you first opened it , to prevent infections and use a new bottle . write down the date you opened it in the space on each bottle label and box . opened : do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what simbrinza contains - the active substances are brinzolamide and brimonidine tartrate . one ml of suspension contains 10 mg of binzolamide , corresponding to 2 mg / m . each vial contains briMONidine tartratrate equivalent to 1 . 3 mg briMonidine .  the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride ( see section 2 under " simbrine contains benzalskonium Chloride "), propylene glycol , carbomer 774p , boric acid and mannitol ( e421 ) in the manufacturing process . in the solvent the ingredients are sodium chloride and tyloxapol , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide . particulates , water for injections , and household waste . not all pack sizes may be marketed 
what filgrastim ratiopharm is filgrastorpharm contains the active substance filgraptim . filgrastastim is a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is very similar to  a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body , but may also be made using biotechnology for use in other organisms such as the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more blood cells , especially certain types of white cells . white cells are important as they help your body fight infection . how filgraztim ratiophenphen works when filgraxtim ratiophéphéryl is made , it can be used : to increase the number of white blood cells
do not take filgrastim ratiopharm : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of filgranstim ( see section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking your tablet . if your doctor thinks you may be allergic , he / she may decide to reduce the dose of filgraStim ratiopossum . tell your doctor immediately if any of these applies to you . you may experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this could be a consequence of a pulmonary disorder . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely , as there are other possible side effects , including sickle cell disease 57 . get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . these may be the result of spleen disorder ( see
always take filgrastim ratiopharm exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take your doctor will tell you how many tablets of filgrastorstim ratipharm to take . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . it is very important that you do this as long as you are able to take the tablets at the same times . follow the instructions in this leaflet so that your doctor knows how long you need to take it . when you first start filgrarstim ratepharm treatment , your dose will be calculated by your doctor in the same way as for other types of chemotherapy . the usual starting dose is 0 . 5 million units for each kilogram of body weight . if your daily dose is 60 million units , you will receive 30 million units in the end of your treatment
you will be monitored by a doctor who is experienced in the treatment of sickle cell disease 57 . if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . it could be a consequence of a spleen disorder ( see section 4 . possible side effects ). your doctor will do regular blood tests while you are being treated with filgrastim ratiopharm . this is to check the number of neutrophils and other white blood cells in your blood . treatment will be started as soon as possible after you start to receive any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . you must tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - any medicine you are taking may affect the way in which your body breaks down proteins , such as vitamins , fats ,
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use filgrastim ratiopharm after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . after first opening the vial is to be used within 8 hours . don ' t freeze . keep away from the sight and reach of children do not take filgraStim ratioppharm if you notice it is cloudy or there are particles in it . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what filgrastim ratiopharm contains - the active substance is filgrastor . each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion contains 60 million international units [ miu ] ( 600 microgram ) of filgrangranstim . filgrassen ratiopospharm 30 mu / 0 . 5 g : each vial contains 30 million international unit * miu ( 300 . 000 iu ) ( 300 micrograms ) or less , when diluted as recommended . the other ingredients are : filgrastastim in a vial , 48 hours , 0. 8 g and 48 hours at room temperature ( at or below 25  c ), sodium hydroxide , glacial acetic acid ( e570 ), sorbitol ; polysorbate 80 , water for injections . not all pack
what riluzole zentiva is the active substance in rilsuzola is a medicine that acts on the nervous system . about what it is used for and how much it is given ( in this case , please read the ' information intended for medical or healthcare professionals only '). - rif you have amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( mls ), a form of motor neurone disease where attacks of the nerve cells responsible for sending instructions to the muscles lead to weakness , muscle waste and paralysis . the destruction of nerve cells in motor neurones is due to too much glutamate ( a chemical messenger ) in the brain and spinal cord . by attaching to the mws , the brain releases too much glucose , which in turn prevents them from receiving the messages it needs to work properly .
do not take riluzole zentiva : - if you are allergic to rilsulzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - have any liver disease or increased blood levels of some enzymes of the liver ( transaminases ), - are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during treatment . before you start taking the medicine , make sure that you tell your doctor about all of your medical conditions , including yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick , being sick and your kidneys are not working properly , or have a fever . these may be signs of a low number of white blood cells which can cause infection . children and adolescents do not give this medicine
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . it does not matter at what time of the day you take your tablet but taking the tablet by mouth does not hurt . take the tablet at the same time each day ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). you can take riluzole zentiva with or without food ; however , if the tablet is taken by mouth , it may take up to 12 hours before you feel an improvement in your condition . you should swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water , do not chew or break the tablet , as this may affect the way the medicine is absorbed and may affect its action . if your doctor gives you more rilsuzola  Zentiva than you should
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever ( increase in temperature ) riluzole zentiva may cause a decrease in the number of white blood cells . your doctor may want to take a blood sample to check the numbers of these . - you may be more likely to get infections . contact your doctor right away if your doctor takes the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick , being sick . liver disease ( hepatitis ). you will have to take regular blood tests before you start taking this medicine . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - cough , difficulties breathing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting
what riluzole zentiva contains - the active substance in each tablet is rizole ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are : - tablet core : anhydrous dibasic calcium phosphate , micro crystalline cellulose ( e460 ( i )), anhydrously colloidal silica , magnesium stearate , croscarmellose sodium . - printing ink :: hypromellose , macrogol 6000 , titanium dioxide , sunset yellow fcf aluminum , iron oxide red , black and iron oxide black ink on the body . what ricuzola entiva looks like and contents of the pack the tablets are white to off - white , oval , embossed with ' r50 ' on one side and 
emgality contains the active substance galcanezumab , a medicine that works by blocking the activity of a group of proteins called calcitonin gene - related peptides ( cgrp - rps ) in migraine patients . it works by reducing the frequency of migraine headache and to improve your quality of life .
do not use emgality : - if you are allergic to galcanezumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you suffer from a serious cardiovascular disease . you have ever had serious cardiovascular diseases . - allergic reactions emagality contains active substance , which can cause serious allergic reactions in some patients . these reactions may exceed 40 mg / ml and you could be at greater risk of developing a seriously allergic reaction if such signs occur . the risk of experiencing side effects is described in section 4 . in addition , a small number of patients have developed an unexpectedly high risk of complications . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under the age of 18 years . other medicines and egality tell
always use emgality exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one injection of 240 mg . you can inject the injection yourself without the help of your doctor , or by yourself , under your skin ( subcutaneous injection ). you or your caregiver should receive training on how to prepare and inject the medicine . after proper training , your doctor may instruct you to inject the full contents of the vial . - do not inject more than one dose at a time . your doctor will tell you how much to give yourself the most appropriate dose . do not give a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose , but resume with your normal schedule . it is very important that you follow the instructions for use at the end of this leaflet ( see ' handling instructions ' in the space provided on the box ).
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects allergic reactions to emgality are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). they can cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness or light - headedness , swelling of the neck , face , mouth , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people . they are uncommon . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain in the abdomen , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after first opening : store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . emgality can be stored for up to 7 days below 30 prior to use . store in the original package in order to protect from light . keep the medicine inside the sealed tray . once opened : do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines no longer used . these measures will help protect the environment .
what emgality contains - the active substance is galcanezumab . each pre - filled pen contains 120 mg of galkanezum . - each ml solution contains 1 mg of l - histidine . the other ingredients ( excipient ( s )) are : chloride monohydrate , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride and water for injections . ( see section 2 ). what еmgalism looks like and contents of the pack emagality is presented as a solution for injection in a clear glass syringe . colourless to slightly yellow , clear to slightly opalescent solution , is available in packs containing 1 , 2 or 3 single - dose pen . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
defitelio is a medicine that contains the active substance defibrotide . it is used to treat a condition called hepatic veno - occlusive disease ( hvdc ), in which the blood vessels in the liver become damaged and blocked by blood clots , in adults who are already taking medicines or prior to them , such as a stem cell transplantation . by attaching to cells in the blood , defostine is thought to work by blocking the dna of blood vessels and thus prevents the blood from clotting . this medicine is used in adults and children of all ages .
do not use defitelio - if you are allergic to defibrotide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to other medicines that prevent blood clots ( e . g . tissue plasminogen activator warnings and precautions , medicine used to prevent bleeding and heavy bleeding , or to prevent a blood transfusion , surgery or to treat problems with blood circulation resulting from a constant blood pressure . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 1 year of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription , that are known to increase the risk of blood coagulation , are acetylsalicylic acid , heparins ( for example , warfarin , dabigatran 
the treatment with defitelio consists of a doctor experienced in stem cells transplantation , which will be given to you by a healthcare professional . it is given into one of your veins ( called an ' intravenous infusion ' or drip ). this treatment will usually last for 21 days , depending on your symptoms . use in children and adolescents defit l . g . in children younger than 18 years of age , the recommended dose is one film - coated tablet per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will tell you how long you will need to receive defitement . as a nurse , you will find detailed instructions for your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse on how to prepare and give this medicine . do not change the dose or stop treatment without first talking to your doctor or nurse .
like all medicines , defitelio can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious . if any of these occur , tell your doctor immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure , which may affect up to 1 in10 people : bleeding in general bleeding mainly of the nose bleeding , the brain bleeding from the gut vomiting blood bleeding in the lungs bleeding blood in the urine and in the mouth bleeding around the skin coagulopathy ( disturbance in blood clotting ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). common : diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ). uncommon : urticaria ( itchy , raised , reddish target - like macul
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use defitelio after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . after the infusion storage , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 - 8 , when stored in the original container . it is recommended to use in a refrigerator ( 28 ) or at room temperature ( 25 ). do not freeze . the product may be used if it is cloudy or there are particles in it .
what defitelio contains - the active substance is defibrotide . each vial contains 2 . 5 ml of solution , containing 200 micrograms of defibrototide at the date when reconstituted as directed by your doctor . when diluted as recommended by your healthcare professional , each mlitre of solution contains 80 microgram ( 80  microgram ) defibroitide at date and time of calibration .  the other ingredients are sodium citrate dihydrate , hydrochloric acid , sodium hydroxide ( for ph - adjustment ) and water for injections . see section 2 for further information about the ingredients , which are used for solution for infusion . pack size of 10 vials , at room temperature ( at or below 25 mm iu ) with at least 2 , 5 , 6 m
daklinza contains the active ingredient daclatasvir which helps to fight hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver ) caused by the hepatis b virus . this medicine works by reducing the number of different types of the hemiparvovirus in your body . it also helps to reduce the amount of the virus in your blood when you are taking other medicines to treat tidis fc ( hcv ). it is very important that you also read the leaflets for the other medicines that you will be taking at the same time . if you have any questions about your medicines , please ask your doctor or pharmacist .
do not take daklinza if you are allergic to daclatasvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) taken by mouth orally with the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , oxcarbazepine or phenobarbital ( used to treat epileptic seizures ) rifampicin / riifabutin - ritapentine ( antibiotics against tuberculosis ) dexamethasone ( a steroid used for allergic and inflammatory diseases ) medicines containing elbasvir / grazoprevir , simvastatin and lomitapide ( used for the treatment of hiv infections ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking dakli
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of daklinza is one 60 mg tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has an unpleasant taste . you should do this same amount every day until your doctor tells you to stop . your doctor may need to change your dose . when you are used to other medicines , your doctor can help you to take the tablets less often . this will help to keep your hepatitis c infection under control . talk to your doctor about other medicines you will be taking with you at the same time , and also to reduce the risk of developing resistance to these medicines . if your daily dose is less than 60 mg , it is best to take one tablet with food 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . daklinza is used in combination with sofosbuvir and ribavirin . the following side effects have been reported : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache fatigue common ; may affect up to 1 to 10 people difficulty sleeping dizziness migraine nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea abdominal pain , joint pain : aching , tender muscles . if these effects are not treated they may occur in patients who take daklind alone . when given in combination , they are usually mild to moderate but can be more common at the start of the treatment and decrease over time . in children and adolescents the side effects reported were similar to those reported in adults , but can also occur in children who took either as a single tablet or with as1 tablet .
what daklinza contains - the active substance is daclatasvir . each film - coated tablet contains 30 or 60 mg of daclatanta ( as dihydrochloride ).  the other ingredients are :  tablet core : anhydrous lactose , microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , silicon dioxide , and magnesium stearate .  film coating : all in the tablet core ( hypromellose 30 , titanium dioxide ), macrogol 400 , indigo carmine aluminum lake ( e132 ), and yellow iron oxide , 51 oblong ( 0 . 25 ) on one side . the tablet is approximately 30 mm long with " bms " debossed on the other side , with " 351 " and " nvr " on
proquad is a vaccine that helps to protect you or your child against measles , mumps , rubella and chickenpox ( varicella ) viruses . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ) will produce its own protection in the form of antibodies , which help protect your child , to help defend your country . these include the meases , mucus , and rubella , as well as chick - fungals and other critters . the antibodies help protect against diseases caused by these viruses , including hives and nettle - stomatitis , methaemoglobin , or ras . use in adults the vaccine is given to children from 12 months of age and adolescents . a dose of pro
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to any varicella vaccine ( including measles , mumps , and rubella vaccine ), or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to neomycin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this vaccine if : - you have or have had a blood disorder or any type of cancer that affects the immune system . before treatment , you may be given medications that may weaken your immune system ( such as low - dose corticosteroid therapy for asthma or replacement therapy ). - your doctor or nurse should be aware that you have a weakened immune system due to a disease ( including aids ), congenital or hereditary immunodeficiency , immune competence or active untreated . 
the doctor or nurse will inject proquad into a muscle or the skin either in the area of the outer thigh or of the upper arm . usually the two - injections are given together at the same time , but not necessarily in the same place . the recommended dose is one injection per year into the muscle of the first year , in the outer third of the third week and in the fourth week of that month . however , the choice of two doses should be made more convenient for you . please speak to your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor will decide which dose is best for you depending on your age and body weight , and on which injection site to receive the most suitable dose . patients with a blood clotting disorder or patients with low levels of platelets will receive the vaccine . it is recommended that the vaccine is injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). this is
like all vaccines and medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hives ) these reactions may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you think you may be having an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . other side effects reported with proquad ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : seizures and a fever rarely seen ( less than 1 in 1 , 000 people ), including bronchiolitis ( difficulty breathing , cough ) and unsteadiness with walking . the following side effects have also been reported with other vaccines , which are potentially serious ( potentially life - threatening ). very common ( these may affect more than 1 user in 10 ) injection site reactions ( including pain , redness , swelling , and rash ) other possible side effects of using Proquad common (
what proquad contains - the active substances are : measles virus1 , edmonston strain ( live , attenuated ) 3 . 00 ccid50 * mumps virus1 *, pdm09 - jeryl lynn TM ( level b ) strain 4 . 30 micrograms *, rubella virus2 , virus3 , strain 3 .00 microgram , varicella virus3 * merck strain 33 . 99 milligrams **, tissue cultured in fertilised hens ' eggs from healthy chicken flocks 1 produced in chick embryo cells ( fibroblasts ) by recombinant dna technology 3adsorbed on eggs 4produced in vero cells by hydrolysed gelatin 5c . 4 - urea , sodium chlor
jylamvo contains the active substance angiotensin ii , a naturally occurring chemical in the body called an anticancer medicine . it helps to reduce the number of unwanted reactions . as an immunosuppressive agent with an anti - inflammatory effect jusipanese is used to treat the following rheumatic and skin diseases : active rhumatoid arthritis with polyarthritic forms that affect the joints ; severe juvenile idiopathic arthritis ( jia ) in adults , adolescents , and children 3 years of age and older who have not used other medicines , including nsaids ; inadequate o severe and disabling psoriasis in adults who are not able to respond adequately to treatment with phototherapy ( e . g . pentam ) or
do not take jylamvo : - if you are allergic to methotrexate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - have a severe kidney impairment - suffer from a liver impairment or from blood disorders caused by bone marrow hypoplasia , leukopenia / thrombocytopenia or significant anaemia 34 - are a woman whose weakened immune system is unable to fight a serious infection such as tuberculosis , hiv , ulcers in the stomach or intestines , or an inflammation of the mucous membrane of the mouth ( mouth ulcers ), or non - oncological conditions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking jarylamve : 34 if your doctor thinks you have
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . jylamvo is for oral use . you should swallow your capsule whole with a drink of water . sometimes you may drink alcohol , and may experience severe side effects or even death . your doctor may adjust the dose and stop the treatment if necessary . for rheumatoid arthritis , for severe juvenile idiopathic arthritis or severe psoriasis , or for severe soriatic arthritis your doctor will decide the best dose for you based on your child ' s weight . how long should i continue to take this medicine for as long as your child keeps getting benefit , even if it is not a long - term treatment . at the end of this leaflet , you will be asked to take 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). other possible side effects are listed below : breathing problems , feeling of illness , dry , irritating cough , shortness of breath , and difficulties in breathing ( chest pain , fever ), spitting or coughing blood , serious peeling and blistering . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain in the abdomen , stomach ache , loss of appetite , weight loss , headache , flu - like symptoms 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use the medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle after exp . store below 25 . keep the bottle tightly closed to prevent spoilage of the medicine and reduce the risk of accidental spillage . dispose of unused product within 3 months after first opening . any unused medicine or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements for cytotoxic products .
what jylamvo contains - the active substance is methotrexate . each ml of solution contains 2 mg of methotroxybenzate ( as besilate ).  the other ingredients are macrogol 400 , glycerol 40 %, orange flavour , sucralose , epidermal parahydroxybenzoate ( e219 ), sodium methyl parahydroxybenzoate( e321 ), citric acid , tri - sodium citrate , purified water ( see section 2 " jYlamva contains ethyl parahydroate ", and other substances methyl parhydroxybenzaate "). what the inside of the bottle looks like and contents of the pack the bottle is a brown glass bottle , filled with 60 single doses and closed with a child - resistant closure . the bottle also
this medicine contains an active substance called glycopyrronium bromide . this belongs to a group of medicines called bronchodilators . what enurev breezhaler is used for this medicine is used to make breathing easier for adult patients who have breathing difficulties due to : a lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). in copd the muscles around the airways tighten . these muscles become tighter in the lungs , making it easier for air to get in and out of the . if you use this medicine once a day , it will help to reduce the effects of copd on your everyday life .
do not use enurev breezhaler - if you are allergic to glycopyrronium bromide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have kidney problems you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . you have difficulty passing urine . during treatment , your doctor may need to reduce the dose of  Enurev brezhalar or stop using it altogether . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor immediately . signs of tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . call your doctor or pharmacist for advice immediately as these may be signs of bronchospasm ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the tongue ,
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . do not use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( over 75 years of age ) your doctor will tell you how much enurev breezhaler you need to use and how often you should use it . this will help you to remember to use it and to reduce the amount of time you take . adults and adolescents this medicine should be inhaled as an inhaler and capsules ( in blisters ) that contain the medicine as inhalations powder . only use the capsules as directed by your doctor to be taken in the morning , afternoon and evening .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may be serious uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat high level of blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ; typical symptoms include excessive thirst , hunger and frequent urination ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) swelling mainly of the tongue , lips , face or throat ( possible sign of angioedema ). if you get any of these side effects or if they happen suddenly , stop using enurev breezhaler and tell your doctor immediately . other possible side effects include : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) feeling
what enurev breezhaler contains - the active substance is glycopyrronium bromide . each capsule contains 63 micrograms of glycopirronium broken down by a single inhalation providing a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece of the inhaler ) of 44 microgram ( 9 microgram ) glycopyrrienum . - another ingredient of the enhalation powder is lactose monohydrate and magnesium stearate . what  Enurev
the active substance in riximyo is called " rituximab ". this is a type of protein called a " monoclonal antibody ". it sticks to the surface of a kind of white blood cell called " B - lymphocyte ". when rtuximyb sticks to its surface , the cell dies . you have been given rximyyo for the treatment of several different conditions . your doctor will decide which treatment is best for you . r ) non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma this is not a disease of the lymph tissue ( part of the immune system ) that affects a certain type of whiteblood cell called b - Lymphocytes , which is very similar to the type of cell that makes b cells . in children , risimyon
do not take riximyo if : you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like the mouse or hamster proteins . you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are unsure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking this medicine . warnings and precautions tell your doctor before and during treatment : - you have a severe active infection at the moment . this is because you have such a weak immune system as you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease , and your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . your doctor also needs to know : what other medicines you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . there are other uses for granulomatosis , polyangi
how it is given riximyo will be given to you by a doctor or nurse who is experienced in the use of this treatment . they will watch you closely while you are being given this medicine . this is in case you get any side effects . you will always be provided with a ' no - charge ' service at the hospital or clinic . how much and how often you will be treated will depend on your condition and the doses you received . the recommended dose is one film - coated tablet ( intra - venous infusion ) which will vary . medicines given before each rximyou administration before you are given the radiopharmaceutical , you will also receive other medicines ( premedication ) in order to prevent or reduce possible side effects and to improve the traceability of the dose . frequency of administration you will receive your treatment once a week . 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , many patients may experience pain at the site of infusion , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , chest pain . if these effects get serious , or if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( including cold sores ) infected nose bleeds . common
what riximyo contains - the active substance is called rituximab . - a 10 ml vial contains 100 mg of rtuxim ab ( 10 mg / l ). - either a 50ml or a 500 mg vial has been released from ritsimaab in 10ml . the other ingredients are sodium citrate , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride , potassium hydroxide and / or hydrochloric acid . see section 2 for important information about some of the ingredients . what you need to know before you have been given this medicine , please read the following sections : - very yellowish solution for infusion - pack of 2 or 3 glass vials . pack of 1 vial or 2 ampoules . not all pack sizes may be marketed 
the active substance topotecan helps to kill tumour cells . topotencan actavis is used to treat : - small cell lung cancer that has come back after chemotherapy - advanced cervical cancer if surgery or radiotherapy is not possible . in this case topotentactavis treatment is combined with medicines containing cisplatin .
do not use topotecan actavis : - if you are allergic to tecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . your dose may need to be adjusted . if this is the case , your blood cell counts are too low . you should tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . children do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age , because there is no experience with this medicine in this age group . talk to the doctor , pharmacist or nurse first . before you receive topot , tell your dentist that you have any kidney problems , as there is insufficient experience in children and adolescents . the safety and efficacy in the use of topotenactavis in children with severe kidney impairment have not been established .
the dose of topotecan actavis you are given will be worked out by your doctor , based on : your body surface area ( m2 ) the results of blood tests carried out before and during treatment , your doctor will determine how many treatments you need . adults small cell lung cancer the usual dose is 1 . 5 mg per square metre of body surface surface area once daily for 5 days . this treatment cycle will normally be repeated every three weeks . cervical cancer the normal dose is 0 . 75 mg per m2, given twice daily ( morning and evening ). you will usually receive at least 3 doses during this treatment period . for cervical cancer , it will be used together with another anticancer medicines containing cisplatin . your doctor may reduce your dose if you do not respond well enough to a dose . in patients with impaired kidney function , this dose may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects you must tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effect . infections ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - fever - serious decline of your general condition - local symptoms such as sore throat or burning sensation when urinating - severe stomach pain , fever and possibly diarrhoea ( rarely with blood ) may occur . cases of bowel inflammation ( neutropenic colitis ) have been reported in patients receiving topotecan actavis . this reduced your ability to fight infections . - lung inflammation ( rare ; may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), including difficulty in breathing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat . these may be signs of a
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after reconstitution and dilution chemical and physical stability of the concentrate has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 25  2 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately the drug product solution for infusion ( nacl 0 . 9 %) solution for injection or glucose 5  4 , stored in the refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) and used within 24 hours . the product can be stored for up to 24 hours below 25 and protected from light followed by up to 2 hours at room temperature ( 20 - 25 ) prior to administration 
what topotecan actavis contains - the active substance is topoteatecan . each vial contains 1 mg or 4 mg topoten ( as hydrochloride ). after reconstitution 1 ml of solution contains 1 g of topotеcan ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), tartaric acid , water for injections ( see section 2 ), autochloric acid and sodium hydroxide to adjust the concentration of urea , and so may need to be adjusted if needed . what to potecan actingavis looks like and contents of the pack topot actedavis is supplied in a clear glass vial with grey bromobutylic stopper and aluminium seals with plastic flip - off caps . vials may or may not be sheathe
the active substance of rivastigmine hexal in nature is rivustigmine which belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson  s disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). in patients whose condition is not well controlled , the brain produces too much of the enzymes that break down ACEtyllcholine . this can lead to high levels of acetting time , which is later broken down and withdrawn from the bloodstream by blocking the pathways to that substance . by blocking these enzymes , it can help to reduce the amount of dna in the body , helping
do not take rivastigmine hexal : - if you are allergic to rivistigmine ( the active substance in rivattigmine histamine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - in case of a previous skin reaction suggestive of allergic contact dermatitis after first exposure of rivistigme . if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not use rivarstigine heexal . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using the product if : you have irregular or slow heartbeat you have an active stomach ulcer you have difficulties in passing urine you have a history of seizures you have asthma or severe respiratory disease you have impaired kidney function , or impaired liver function you have diabetes mellitus or impaired kidney functionality you are breast - feeding .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of rivastigmine hexal to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose which will be gradually increased over the first six weeks of treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . your doctor should regularly check if the medicine is having any effect on your weight . do not change your dose or stop treatment without talking to your doctor first . taking this medicine - swallow the capsules whole with some water . don ' t chew , crush or split the tablets as it may affect the way the medicine works . for more than three days , do not take the medicine for a long time . it is important that you continue taking riv
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea common in adults common in children common in babies born very prematurely ( at or before 10 weeks ) anxiety sweating headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) changes in your skin or eyesight some people have had the following side effects while taking this medicine with rivastigmine hexal : very common : feeling very common weight loss common 
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use rivastigmine hexal after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . store below 30 . you will not have to store the reconstituted product .
what rivastigmine hexal contains 64 - the active substance is rivustigmine hydrogen tartrate . the other ingredients are : capsule content : hypromellose , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica , gelatin , yellow iron oxide red iron oxide ( e172 ), titanium dioxide [ e171 ] ( printing ink : shellac . - each rivage heexal 1 . 5 mg capsule contains 1 , 5 mg of rivainstigmine ( whose contents are described in section 3 of this leaflet ). capsule shell : one side of the capsule contains 3 mg of anhydrine , and the other side is a gold starch - filled , white to pink body , marked with the bayer - cross on one side and
cabometyx is a cancer medicine containing the active substance cabozantinib used to treat a type of kidney cancer called renal cell carcinoma ( liver cancer ) in adults who have not previously been treated with a specific anticancer medicine , such as sorafenib . how does cabmetyyx work and how much should i take ? in combination with another medicine called receptor tyrosine kinases ( rtks ), it stimulates the growth of new blood vessels to grow and develop these proteins . these proteins can be present in high amounts in cancer cells . if you have any questions or are not sure about your own response , please ask your doctor .
do not take cabometyx 45 - if you are allergic to cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if any of these apply to you . if this applies to you you , tell your doctor immediately . you should not be given cabrometyX if : you have high blood pressure ; you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a large blood vessel Wall ; and you suffer from diarrhoea ; a recent or significant bleeding ; or you have had surgery within the last month or you are due to have surgical procedures or dental surgery you have inflammatory bowel disease ( your doctor will decide when to remove
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine is for oral use . you should swallow your tablet whole with a glass of water . your doctor may decide to lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop it completely , in case you experience serious side effects . duration of treatment with cabometyx the usual dose is 60 mg once a day . however , you should not take more than this recommended daily dose . the usual starting dose for adults is one 60 mg tablet , twice daily , for the first week . after that , your doctor might increase your dose to two 60 mg tablets , one after the other . for the second week , the recommended dose is one hour . if this happens , take the medicine back to your doctor at the usual time and take your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects of cabometyx may be related to other medicines you are taking at the same time , or worse . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of your side effects below . you may need urgent medical treatment . symptoms include pain in the abdomen , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , constipation , fever . these may be signs of a gastrointestinal perforation ( a hole that develops in the stomach and intestine ). severe or uncontrollable bleeding that does not go away , with or without symptoms such as vomiting blood , black stumps , stomach pain or vomiting . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), cons
what cabometyx contains - the active substance is cabozantinib ( s )- malate . each sachet of cabmetyex 20 mg contains 20 mg cabazantinerib( ss ). each malate contains 10 mg / ml cabochantininibe . cabrometyyx 40 mg contains 40 mg debossed with ' cb ' in black on the body and is supplied in a 40 mg film - coated tablet ( 30 mg ) cabossetyb , in white plastic bottles with " cd34 " in white . also supplied in bottles with 60 mg of debozanteini ba ( ' ba ') ( a form of malate that contains 60 mg ). not all pack sizes may be marketed 
pemetrexed hospira is a medicine used in the treatment of cancer . pemetreexed has been given - in combination with cisplatin , another anti - cancer medicine , as treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma , a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lung , to patients who have not received prior chemotherapy , and who are unsuitable for this type of treatment . - also in patients whose disease has progressed after initial chemotherapy has been used , pemetreixed as a treatment for patients with advanced stage of lung cancer whose condition has not responded to treatment or has returned . in this case , you will be asked to take the tablets with you after you have received initial chemotherapy ; and , in some cases , even if you have no response to pemeterxe
do not use pemetrexed hospira : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below the age of 18 years . breast - feeding should be stopped during treatment with pemetreexed
pemetrexed hospira is given in doses of 500 milligrams for every square metre of your body ' s surface area . your height and weight are measured to work out the surface area of the body . the recommended dose is this body surface area is used for treatment - based on your blood cell counts and on your general condition . a hospital pharmacist , nurse or doctor will have mixed the pemetreexed aspira powder with 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) sodium chloride solution for injection before it is given to you . pemetreexed is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately 10 minutes . when using pemetreixed it will be given in combination with cisplatin : the doctor or hospital pharmacist will work out your dose and how often
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or infection ( common ): if  you have a temperature of 38oc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . signs include : - chest pain - a fast heart rate - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth - allergic reaction : signs include skin rash ( often described as burning or prickling sensation ) - fever . most of these signs are mild and usually disappear as you continue to take this medicine . your doctor will check you for skin reactions . common ( may affect up to 1 in
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and infusion solution : the product should be used immediately . when prepared as directed , chemical and physical in - use stability of infusion solutions of pemetrexed were demonstrated for 24 hours at refrigerated temperature . for parenteral medicines , use in general , the solution should be clear to slightly opalescent , yellow to yellow and free from discolouration . prior to administration , this medicine is for single use only ; any unused solution must be disposed of in accordance with local requirement .
what pemetrexed hospira contains - the active substance is pemetreexed ( as pemetreexed disodium hemipentahydrate ). - one vial of pemetreixed aspira 500 mg contains 500 milligrams ( mg ) / millilitre ( ml ) of pemeterxel ( as perpemetrex ed dihydrohydrate ) per vial . - two vials of ph - positive all : - pen containing 500 mg / vial ( 0 . 5 milliliter ) ( corresponding to 1 . 1 millimetre ) or 1 , 000 mg - per millisecond ( dilution )- the other ingredients are mannitol , e421 , and water for injections . what
ganfort contains two active substances , bimatoprost and timolol , which work together to reduce pressure in the eye . - bimatofost belongs to a group of medicines called prostamides . it is a prostaglandin analogue , a similar to the natural chemical in your eye , called ' beta - blockers '. it helps to improve how your eye works by reducing the amount of water in the ocular surface . this helps to keep the eye clear , watery liquid that can drain out quickly , helping to keep it at a normal level . the clear liquid comes into the inside of the eye when you get glaucoma . when the eye is empty , the drops can be used , to help reduce the pressure inside the eye after you have been using it , reduce the risk
do not use ganfort eye drops or solution - if you are allergic to bimatoprost , timolol , or beta - blockers . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have respiratory problems such as asthma , severe chronic obstructive bronchitis or severe lung disease , wheeziness , difficulty in breathing or long - standing cough you have heart problems , such as low heart rate , heart block or heart failure warnings , etc . you have to be aware of the following whilst using these products : signs and symptoms of coronary heart disease ( symptoms can include chest pain , chest pain when urinating , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain and discomfort ) you have
always use ganfort exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one drop in each affected eye once a day in the first week of treatment . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . do not squeeze the bottle , it should not be kept inside the neck . for the following reasons , please read the following instructions : 1 . wash your hands before you start . tilt your head back and look at the ceiling . 2 . gently pull down your lower eyelid until there is a small pocket . 3 . bring the tip of the eye to the bottom of the bottle to release the medicine . once you have started treatment , repeat the steps for your other eye . 4 . close the bottle lid , and close the eye firmly for at least 5 seconds . hold the bottle
like all medicines , ganfort can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you can carry on taking the drops , even if you are not sure . the following side effects have been experienced by patients taking gamfort ( multi - dose or single - dosing ): very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - the eye redness . commonly side effects that may affect up to 1 in 9 people ( uncommon ) and uncommonly ( uncommonly ) are : 100 - effects in the eye burning , itching / stinging - irritation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer at the back of the eye ), sensitivity to light - eye pain - sticky eyes , dry eyes - a feeling of something in the eyes . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data )
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use ganfort after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . solutions should be used immediately , in order to prevent eye infections . if not used immediately ( in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user ), and would normally not be longer than 4 hours at room temperature ( 15 - 25 ). if this applies to you , do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what ganfort contains - the active substance is bimatoprost . each ml of solution contains 0 . 3 mg of timolol , corresponding to 5 mg / l . when reconstituted as directed , the concentration of ti Molol maleate is 6 . 8 mg g .  the other ingredients are benzalkonium chloride ( a preservative ), sodium chloride , sodium phosphate dibasic heptahydrate , citric acid monohydrate ( type a ), purified water , hydrochloric acid and / or sodium hydroxide . colourless to slightly yellow , clear eye drop solution . the solution is clear to slightly opalescent . it is supplied in a plastic bottle , with a screw - cap , for
the active substance gefitinib is a protein that belongs to a group of proteins called ' epidermal growth factors ' ( egfr ). this protein is involved in the growth and spread of cancer cells . gfib mylan is used to treat adults with non - small cell lung cancer . this cancer is  a disease in which malignant ( cancer ) cells form in the tissues of the lung .
do not take gefitinib mylan : - if you are allergic to gefitib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during your treatment if : you have ever had any other lung problems , as some lung problems may get worse while you are taking gefitineb your doctor may decide to adjust your dose . you have a history of problems with your liver . children and adolescents gefitinerib is not recommended for use in children or adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and gefitINib this medicine contains the same active substance as any other medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if this applies to you . the following medicines may enhance the effect of the medicine , such as phenytoin or carbamazepine ( used to treat epi
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one 250 mg tablet per day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . if necessary , your doctor may advise you to take antacids to reduce your acid level . to reduce the acid level of your stomach , take it at least 2 hours before or at least 1 hour after gefitinib mylan . this will help you to remember to take it . it is recommended that you drink plenty of fluids , milk , or any other liquids . drink the liquid straight away . add the same amount of water or milk to make sure that you have drunk all of the liquid . stir until the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic reaction ( symptoms include swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty to swallow , hives / nettle rash ) or difficulty breathing . serious breathlessness ( sudden worsening breathlessness ) with a cough or fever . this may be a sign of an inflammation of the lungs called ' interstitial lung disease '. this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) when gefitinib mylan is taken alone . severe skin reactions which may affect any part of the body including bruising , bleeding , or infection . these are very rare and affect less than 1 person in 10 , 000 people .
what gefitinib mylan contains - the active substance is gefährteinib . each film - coated tablet contains 250 mg of gefiguein ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are : lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), crospovidone ( type a ), povidone( k30 ), sodium laurilsulfate , magnesium stearate , polyvinyl alcohol , macrogol 4000 , titanium dioxide , red iron oxide , and yellow iron oxide ( only for a limited period of time ). see also section " gefitine " for information on other ingredients , which is used to improve the absorption of gefitib and the quality of the medicine . what geFITini B mylan looks like and contents of the pack gefit
reblozyl contains the active substance luspatercept and it is used to treat a range of myelodysplastic syndromes . mds is a group of many different blood and bone marrow disorders , in which red blood cells become abnormal . this can cause signs and symptoms such as a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), which cannot be adequately controlled with red blood cycle transfusions , and may be life - threatening if you don ' t have enough of a sufficient amount of blood cells , if your normal blood cell counts are low , this can lead to a very rare , serious , or even fatal , problem you can get with rebozyl when you have relapsing . your doctor can also prescribe rebrozyl for you to reduce the risk of anae in patients with
do not take reblozyl : - if you are allergic to luspatercept or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - are pregnant ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " below ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , if : you have thalassaemia ( had your spleen removed ) you have or have had a blood clot , or you are receiving hormone replacement therapy you have had or might now be at risk of a previous blood leak and you are taking preventive measures such as medicines that reduce the chances of forming a new one . you have high blood pressure , so it is very important that you take retinoids to control your blood pressure before and during treatment with reglazyl you will have routine tests and a
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . your doctor has carried out blood tests and decided you need to know how much reblozyl you will need . reglazyl is given as an injection under the skin . it is for use in adults only . people who weigh more than usual can handle the injections . the recommended dose is 1 . 1 mg / kg of body weight given once a week . this dose may be adjusted by your doctor depending on your blood pressure . use in children and adolescents the recommended starting dose for rembozyl in children with myelodysplastic syndromes is as follows : the maximum single dose is 1, 75 mg , given once every three weeks . in patients with beta - thalassaemia the maximum dose is 11 . 25 mg for each kg of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you have any of the following : difficulty in walking or speaking , dizziness , loss of balance and coordination , numbness or paralysis in the face , leg or arm , or any other part of the body , blurred vision . these may be symptoms of a stroke , as blood clots swelling in the area around the eyes , face or lips , mouth , tongue or throat allergic reactions including rashes and swollen glands in the brain and spinal cord . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nose bleeds diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , chest pain , and loss of appetite joint pain . common cold . uncommon ( may
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). store in the original package in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , reblozyl should be used immediately . however , chemical and physical stability has been demonstrated for 8 hours at 25 and 24 hours at 2 to 8 . this medicine is for single use only and any unused medicinal product or waste material should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
what reblozyl contains - the active substance is luspatercept . each vial contains 25 mg or 75 mg of musculoskeletal rigidity . - after reconstitution , each ml of solution contains 50 mg deltoid equivalent to 5 . 6 mg luspatiercept in excipients . the other ingredients are : citric acid monohydrate , sodium citrate 80 , sucrose , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ), sodium hydroxide , water for injections ( diluted ) for pph adjustment ( see section 2 ). what retinola looks like and contents of the pack reglazyl is a white to off - white powder . it is available in packs containing 25 or 75 vials ( not all pack - sizes may be marketed ).
the active substance of fotivda is tivozanib , a protein kinase inhibitor . iviozaninb slows down the growth of the cancer and helps cancer cells to grow . it also helps to create new blood vessels for patients with advanced kidney cancer who are no longer benefiting from other treatments ( such as alpha or interleukin - 2 ), or who have failed to respond to your disease .
do not take fotivda : - if you are allergic to tivozanib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - take special care with st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal remedy used for depression and anxiety . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fotiva . high blood pressure . your doctor should check your blood pressure when you are first starting a medicine . it is important that you take the following precautions to avoid infecting other people . in some cases your doctor may want to monitor you more closely , and may advise you to take more than one tablet each day . you may find it helpful to tell a doctor if this applies to you . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of fotivda is 1340 mg ( 4 capsules ) per day for patients 21 days of age and older . take the capsules once a day at about the same time each day . for children , adolescents and adults  7 years of age : 1 capsule daily with food ( e . g ., capsules with food ) for 4 days . your doctor may lower your dose or stop your treatment temporarily or permanently , if necessary , to reduce the number of capsules you take , in case you experience unacceptable side effects , or if severe side effects occur , should be reported to your doctor . follow the advice given to you and discuss your specific needs . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects high blood pressure ( common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you get high blood tension ( often described as symptoms include severe headaches , blurred vision , shortness of breath , changes in your mental state , feeling anxious , confused or disorientated ). your doctor will tell you how to manage your blood pressure . do not stop taking fotivda without your doctor ' s advice , as it is important to get the best results for your health . when it is time for your next dose , skip the missed dose and take the next dose at the usual time . if this happens to you , talk to your doctor straight away . you may also need to take a medicine to treat your higher blood pressure when you take fotiv
what fotivda contains the active substance of fotiva is tivozanib . each ml contains tivazaninib hydrochloride monohydrate equivalent to 890 mg tivokain . the other ingredients are : mannitol , magnesium stearate . ingredients of the capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), indigo carmine , yellow iron oxide , propylene glycol . strong ammonia solution in the vial contains titanium dioxide , tartrazine aluminium lake . printing ink : shellac , propane glycol in the glass vial ; strong aminolamination in the e1203 vials , and indigine carmine aluminum lake if you are unsure of any information about this medicine , please contact your doctor or pharmacist . fo
stribild contains two active substances : elvitegravir , an antiretroviral medicine known as an integrase inhibitor cobicistat , a booster ( pharmacokinetic enhancer ) of the effects of the active substance in the body . it is used in adults and children of two years and older , who are also taking emtricitabine , and who have also been treated with a non - traditional hiv drug called a nucleoside reverse transcriptaser inhibitor ( nrti ) and tenofovir disoproxil , both of which are an anti- retroviral medicinal medicine called an intégrotide reverse transcriptor ( antrtis ) inhibitor . the combination of s tribild and a single tablet regimen is intended for the treatment of human immunodefic
do not take stribild : - if you are allergic to elvitegravir , cobicistat , emtricitabine and / or tenofovir / tafovir disoproxil , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 6 years of age . before starting treatment , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of any medicine that you are taking at the same time as the other drug . do not increase the dose or stop treatment with any medicine known to increase the side effects of a given , such as , " t ", " ", or " 10 ". your doctor will also monitor your kidney function with these medicines . - al
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for patients aged 12 to less than 18 years is one 35 mg tablet once daily by mouth . take the tablet at about the same time each day . you may need to take your medicine for several weeks to achieve its beneficial effect . your doctor may also prescribe medicines or oral supplements containing antacids or laxatives containing minerals , such as magnesium , aluminium , calcium , iron , zinc ). the tablet can be taken with or without food . wait at least 4 hours before you take stribild , or after eating , unless your doctor tells you to stop taking it . if your doctor decides that you can take the medicine with food , you may be at increased risk of experiencing possible side effects with this medicine ( see section
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood transfusions . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . for more information , see the section " warnings and precautions ". possible serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you have lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acids in the blood ) as this is a very common side effect of some hiv medicines . it is especially important to know the following which are signs of lactic
what stribild contains - the active substances are elvitegravir , cobicistat , emtricitabine , and tenofovir disoproxil . atribild film - coated tablet consists of 150 mg of e lvitеgravir ( 150 mg / ml ) and 150 mg debossed with ' gs ' on one side and ' 150 mg' on the other side . the tablet is also available in the following pack sizes : - tablet strengths : cobicistesat - 200 mg ettricit - 245 mg , ( 8 x 10 / 10 ) - tascarmellose sodium ; hydroxypropyl cellulose ( e463 ); lactose monohydrate ; magnesium - 3 -
the active substance olanzapine belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics and is used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , episodes of symptoms of excitement or euphoria have been reported in patients treated with zyprexa . this has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode is still not resolved when they return . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
do not take zyprexa : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , swollen face ; tween lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have or have ever had eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you are being treated with zypa . the use of this product in elderly patients with dementia is not recommended as it may have serious side effects . medicines of this type may cause unusual movements mainly of the face or tongue 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose of zyprexa tablets is one 5 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may increase the dose to 20 mg once your symptoms get better . do not change the dose without talking to your doctor . try to take your tablets at the same time every day to get the best results and reduce the risk of swallowing . it is important that you take your zypa tablets every day until your doctor tells you otherwise . if your tablets are not swallowed they should be crushed and mixed with water , they will be given to you as a mixture , which will be added to a meal or drink , and then infused into a glass of water immediately before taking your first dose . you should not take more than one tablet each
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people ), especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if your doctor notices any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . zyprexa should be stored in its original pack in order to protect from light and moisture . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what zyprexa contains - the active substance is olanzapine - each zypruxa tablet contains either 2 . 5 mg , 5 mg or 7 . 50 mg . each 10 mg tablet has a diameter of 15 mm and is 20 mg - this means that the exact amount is not known - if you are unsure , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice . - other ingredients in your zypréxa table pack are : lactose monohydrate , hyprolose ( e464 ), crospovidone ( type a ), microcrystalline cellulose , magnesium stearate , all in the tablet core ; hypromellose ( 2910 ), titanium dioxide [ e171 ] and carnauba wax . what the tablet looks like and contents of the
what prolia is and how it works the active substance of prolis is denosumab . this is a protein ( monoclonal antibody ) that recognises and attaches to another protein that is found on the surface of bone loss caused by osteoporosis . treatment with prollia makes bone stronger and helps to protect the bone than it is normal . it does this by blocking the activity of a substance called oestrogen , which is an important building block of bones . especially in women after the menopause , the level of oesterogen level drops . as a result , bones become thin and fragile , thus reducing the ability to do normal daily activities , and by preventing it from becoming too strong and / or impossible to break down . what are the benefits of osteoparosis for patients with osteoporo
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not use prolia : - if you have low calcium levels in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ). you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or nurse . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using . check with your doctor before using prolisia before using it . take special care with prolium : you have a skin infection with symptoms such as a swollen , red area of skin that usually starts in the upper leg that feels hot or tender ( cellulitis ). symptoms may include fever . tell your healthcare professional immediately if your doctor suspects you
always use prolia exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one pre - filled syringe of 60 mg administered once every 6 weeks , as a single injection under the skin ( subcutaneous ) in the thighs , abdomen or upper arm . if your doctor decides that you can use prolaia more than once a month , you may be asked to use stickers to make sure that your medicine is fully effective , works as intended . your doctor may advise you to take calcium and vitamin d supplements while you are using prolisa . it is very important to follow your doctor ' s instructions about if and when you should return for your next dose . how much to use your doctor will tell you how much you should take each day . do not change the dose 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . prolia may cause skin infections ( cellulitis ). tell your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms while being treated with prosalicylic acid : - swollen , red area of skin on the upper leg that feels hot and tender , possibly with symptoms such as fever . stop taking prolide and contact your doctor as soon as possible - pain in the mouth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing of sores in the jaw - discharge , numbness or a feeling of heaviness , or loosening of a tooth , bone or bone pain . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone infection - diarrhoea
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the pre - filled syringe after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . keep the vial in use in order to protect from light . the unopened vial may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a single period of up to three months before use . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 25 days . once the injection has been completed , the product must be used within 30 days or discarded , even if it is not used during the three months after the date of the injection . you should record the date removed from the refrigerator and the date after
what prolia contains - the active substance is denosumab . 1 ml solution for injection contains 60 mg of denosomab ( 60 mg / 0 . 5ml ).  the other ingredients are acetic acid , glacial , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 20 and water for injections . ( see section 2 ). what prollia looks like and contents of the pack prolivia is a clear to slightly opalescent and colourless to slightly yellow solution . it is supplied in a ready to use pre - filled syringe with or without a needle guard .
ambirix is a vaccine used in infants , children and adolescents from 1 year up to and including 15 years to prevent two diseases : hepatitis a and hepatitis b . these are signs of infection by a weakened part of the virus . when the liver is damaged , the swollen and inflamed areas become damaged . the virus needs to be stopped by the infected person before the virus can enter the bloodstream . signs of faeces , serum or saliva usually come back within 3 to 6 weeks after infection . this can cause you to feel sick or have a fever , or aches and pains in the joints , muscles or joints . ambilix may be given to adults , adolescents and children aged 1 year and above , at a low risk of infection , and can make you feel sick with
do not use ambirix if you or your child is allergic to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of your face or tongue . your doctor or nurse should tell you if or you think you may be having an allergic response to any vaccine against hepatitis a or hepatis b diseases . if your child has a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). the vaccine can only be given if a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to you doctor or pharmacist before you or the child are given ambirx . it is important that you and the doctor who supervises the vaccination , as the effectiveness of ambir
your doctor or nurse will give you an injection of ambirix . it is usually given as an injection into a muscle , usually in the upper arm . you will not be given the first injection until you have been trained by your doctor . your doctor will inject the two - dose injection into the vein , which will be given into the thigh muscle . the recommended dose is a total of two injections given within 12 months . if you have not been trained , you will have the second injection between 6 and 12 months and you will be observed by a health care professional for at least four weeks . at the end of this first injection , your doctor may decide to give you extra doses , or arrange future booster dosing , depending on how you respond to the injection . all three doses should be given within an interval of one to two months , one in the morning and one in
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic and anaphylactic reactions . the signs may include a rash , itchy , blistering and swelling of the eyes and face , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or a sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these side effects can be serious . side effects seen in clinical trials with ambirix : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache loss of appetite feeling tired or irritable stomach pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) feeling weak or generally unwell memory loss . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if your child gets any of these effects . during clinical trials and after the first few weeks after the
what ambirix contains 26 - the active substances are : hepatitis a virus ( inactivated ) 1 , 2 720 elisa units * hepatis b surface antigen 20 micrograms ** produced on human diploid ( mrc - 5 ) cells ** adenovirus 1adjuvanted by aluminium hydroxide , hydrated 0 . 05 milligrams al3 + 3produced in yeast cells ( saccharomyces cerevisiae ) by recombinant dna technology 4adsorbed on aluminium phosphate , solution for injection . the other ingredients are sodium chloride and water for injections ( see end of this package leaflet ). solvent : the solvent is a clear , colourless , suspension for injection in a pre 
bexsero is a meningococcal group b vaccine . it is used to protect your child ( from 2 years of age ) against disease caused by the neisseria maningitidis group a bacteria . these bacteria can cause infections , including meningitis ( inflammation of the covering of the brain and spinal cord ), and sepsis ( blood poisoning ). when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection ( antibodies ). it will only protect you against the disease if you are at greatest risk .
you should not receive bexsero if : you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . you should tell your doctor or nurse if you have a severe infection with a high temperature . in such cases , it might be necessary to postpone the vaccination until recovery . a minor infection , such as a cold , should not be a problem . however , vaccination may be necessary . your doctor will advise you on the precautions needed to avoid haemophilia or any other problem that may prevent your blood from clotting properly , or to use blood thinners ( anticoagulants ). before treatment , your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop the protective effect of the immune system ( ecul
bexsero will be given to you or your child by a doctor or nurse . it is usually given as an injection ( 0 . 5 ml ) into a muscle , usually in the thigh or upper arm . the number of injections needed depends on the size of your child . infants from 2 months to 5 years of age , your child should receive an initial course of three injections of the vaccine followed by an additional injection ( booster ). the first injection may be given from the age of 2 months . your doctor will calculate the interval between injections and will tell you how many months of the first and second injections . this will be done by your baby ' s doctor or health care professional . please speak to your doctor or healthcare professional if you are concerned that you may have been given a lower dose . children aged 1 month and older : your child will
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when bexsero is given to your or your child , the following side effects may happen with this vaccine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain / tenderness at the injection site ; redness of the skin at the site of the injection ( injection site reaction ); swelling ofthe skin around the injection area ; hardness on the skin near the injection point . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the side effects listed above , which may become serious , depending on the dose that has been given and how likely they are to happen . adults this vaccine may not fully protect all children . children aged 10 years and older may not get the full benefit from this vaccine and it is not known how likely these side effects are to occur in children aged 1 to 10 years
what bexsero contains - the active substance is recombinant neisseria meningitidis group b nhba fusion protein 1 , 2 , 3 50 micrograms of rifampicin nasopharyngeal protein derived from mf - 2 g protein or fractional fractional ( rdna ). - each ml of solution contains approximately : - 50 iu ( 0 . 5 g / min ) - fractional volume of remd - group a nada protein 1 2 - 3 gp protein equivalent to fractional value equal to or greater than 50 international units / uu ( 3 . 4 gbq / miu ) in total . - all other ingredients are present in the product
the active ingredient of nitisinone mdk is tyrosine . this medicine is used for treatment of a rare disease called hereditary TYrosinemia type 1 in adults , adolescents and children ( in any age range ). in this disease your body is unable to completely break down the amino acid thirosine ( amino acids are building blocks of our proteins ), forming harmful substances . these substances are accumulated in your body . natisinine enables your body to remove the amino acids from the body , thereby lowering the amount of taryrosine and the harmful substances are not formed . you must follow a special diet while you are taking this medicine , because he / she will continue to reduce the levels of thiorosine in your blood . the special diet is based on the level of ' bad ' substances
do not take nitisinone mdk : - if you are allergic to niisinine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding ". check with your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if any of these applies to you . do not breast  - feed while you are taking natisinon mk . watch out for the following : eyes should be checked regularly while you ' re receiving nitsinone treatment . if red eyes or yellowing of the eyes occur , contact your doctor immediately for an eye examination . eye problems could be a sign of inadequate dietary control ( see section 4 , possible effects ). during the treatment , blood samples will be drawn in
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . treatment with this medicine should be started and supervised by a doctor experienced in the treatment of the disease ( hereditary tyrosinemia type 1 ). the recommended dose is 1 mg per kg of body weight administered orally , in two 20 mg capsules . your doctor will adjust the dose individually . in order to maintain the correct dosing in this patient population , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose . method of administration swallowing the capsules with a small amount of water or formula diet while you are taking nitisinone mdk . you should swallow the capsule whole with some water . do not open or crush the capsule . how to take swallow the contents of the capsule with some liquid . it is recommended that you take the dose in the morning
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the vial after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 2 hours at a temperature not above 25 .
what nitisinone mdk contains - the active substance is nitisinine . - each hard capsule contains natisino as a single dose . at the end of the 2 mg capsule , you will get 2 mg of nitsinone ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are : - capsule contents : no . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country . the following pack sizes are available : capsules of 5 mg : each hard gelatin capsule contains 5 mg of " nITISINONE " ( as ema ). - additionally , some pack sizes have been marketed . each bottle contains 10 mg ( 10 mg ) or 10 mg (" tetany "). capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), black iron oxide (
the name of your medicine is docetaxel accord . the common name of docetaxil accord is st . john ' s wort , a substance derived from the needles of yew trees ( e - cyp3a ) and adolescent ( 0 - 17 years ) of Welsh hamster ovary ( cho ) cell carcinoma . docetaxiall accord belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . what docetachl accord used for docetacel accord has been prescribed for the treatment of breast cancer , special forms of lung cancer ( non - small cell lung cancer ); prostate cancer ; gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : a type of advanced breast cancer which has come back after several treatments ; docetachel accord could be administered either alone
you must not be given docetaxel accord : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to doxorubicin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if the number of white blood cells is too low . if your doctor has told you that you have a severe liver disease . warnings and precautions before each treatment with dilution and interview , you will have blood tests to check that you are having enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive docetaxil accord and you should tell your doctor if : you have any doubts about whether you have enough liver cells , or if there are any reasons why this medicine has been prescribed for you , your doctor will not give this medicine to you . during the treatment with don ' t be given the product to anyone else . talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine
docetaxel accord will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration docetaxil accord is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . the results of your blood tests will be used to decide the most appropriate dose and frequency of dosing . this will then be used in combination with other medicines such as gamma gt , ast tell your doctor if you have a general condition which interferes with the administration . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diar
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . if you experience any of the adverse events listed below , you should contact your doctor immediately . during the treatment , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or interrupt or stop the administration . in both cases , it is important to note that in some cases the effects of dotaxel or other chemotherapeutic agents may be increased and the infusion of chemicals intolerable . allergic reactions are very common ( may affect more than 1 in
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the vial after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and diluted solution : do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light . after dilution , the medicine should be used immediately . once the infusion bag has been opened , chemical and physical in use stability has been demonstrated for 6 hours below 25 , and at room temperature . from a microbiological point of view , if the solution is prepared in a refrigerator , it can be stored in the refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) for up to seven days , but should not be refrigerated again . for infusion - related reactions , in -
what docetaxel accord concentrate vial contains : - the active substance in each ml of concentrate for solution for infusion is 20 mg docetaxil . one vial of 1ml concentrate contains 20 mg doescetaxell . - each 4ml ampoule ' s concentrate contains 80 mg dotaxel ( corresponding to 8 % w / v ). the solvent vials contain approximately 160 mg dilution times ( 0 . 25 mg ). -the other ingredients are polysorbate 80 , ethanol anhydrous ( see section 2 ) and citric acid anhydrously ( e507 ) ( see end of section 2 for further information about some of the ingredients of this medicine ). what doestaxell accord look like and contents of the pack docetacel accord concentrated solution for injection or infusion are clear pale yellow
the active substance in intuniv , guanfacine , belongs to a group of medicines that affect the brain . this medicine is used to help treat adults , adolescents and children with adhd . it is used in adults : - if you are impulsive ( hyperactive ) and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself , or others . the medicine is also used for the treatment of ' attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ' ( aids ) in adults who are unable to take current stimulant medication or whose adhd symptoms are not controlled with the medicine . in addition to the treatment programme , you may also receive psychological therapy , educational therapy and social therapy 38 in adults and adolescents who have adhd or who are at risk of adhd and for whom adhd is not controlled effectively .
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to guanfacine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have low or high blood pressure you have heart problems you have had heart problems or have fainted recently . you have thoughts or feelings of suicide you have any other psychiatric conditions , withdrawal symptoms you may experience increased heart rate you are experiencing high heart pressure before you start using this medicine or during the first 6 hours after your last dose . this medicine should not be used to treat these problems . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under the age of 6 years . there is no experience in children under 18 years of age . the use of this product has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and int
your treatment should be initiated and supervised by a doctor experienced in the treatment of adolescent behavioural disorders . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your treatment will usually be started at a low dose with a dose of 1 mg per kg of bodyweight each day . the starting dose for adults is 0 . 05 mg three times per day , for a total daily dose of just . 12 mg . for children , adolescents and adults weighing less than 1 kg , the dose may be increased gradually . most patients will receive treatment over a period of 1 to 7 days . intuniv should be taken every day for as long as it is of benefit to the child . it is important that you do not take more than the recommended daily dose . do not change the dose 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you feel unwell while taking your medicine , talk to your doctor straight away . serious side effects you may have one or more of the following side effects feeling drowsy or feeling dizzy ( hypotension ) slow heart beat ( bradycardia ) feeling faint or loss of conciousness ( syncope ) a serious withdrawal side effect high blood pressure , which may have symptoms such as headaches , feeling confused , nervousness , agitation , or tremors ( hypertensive encephalopathy ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , stomach pain , flatulence , fast heart beat 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after " exp ". this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . the tablets should be stored in the original blister pack in order to protect from moisture . keep the blisters in the outer carton until the day of the first use . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines no longer used . these measures will help protect the environment .
what intuniv contains 1 - the active substance is guanfacine hydrochloride . each 1 ml dose contains GUanfaculacine , and 2 mg of methacrylic acid - ethyl acrylate copolymer . the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , povidone ( e1201 ), crospovidone type a , micrograms ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) and fusidic acid ( 6 . 375 mg of guangfucine ). each 3 mL dose contains only one mg ( 4 mg ), and 4 mg ( 5 mg ) of guianfacicine . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country . your physician will prescribe the dose that is best for you . what the other ingredient in int
