odomzo contains the active substance sonidegib , which is an anti - cancer medicine . omzo is used to treat adults with a type of skin cancer called basal cell carcinoma . it is used when the cancer cannot be removed by surgery or radiation . basal cells carcinoma develop in a damaged hedgehog pathway , where it enters the cancer cells . this medicine works by stopping cancer cells from multiplying .
do not take odomzo : - if you are allergic to sonidegib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking this medicine . see also section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ". it is not known if this medicine will pass into breast milk . if it does , it is possible that you may become pregnant . this is because it may harm an unborn baby or cause death ( see " pregnancy prevention " below ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking this product . you should discuss with your doctor the benefits and risks of pregnancy prevention measures that you need to take , including those that are listed under the ' pregnancy prevention programme '. talk to you doctor before taking oDOMzo and during
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one 200 mg capsule taken once a day for 1 day . take the capsules at least 2 hours apart . you can take odomzo with or without food . it is best to take your capsule at the same time each day , for example one day in the morning and one in the evening . this ensures that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you breathe more easily throughout the day and night . swallow the capsule whole with a glass of water . do not open , crush or chew the capsule as it may affect the way your medicine works . if your capsules are swallowed , rinse the empty capsule with water , and do not eat or drink . to vomit after you swallowing , do
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible signs may include : severe birth defects if you are a woman who could become pregnant , as the use of this medicine is not recommended ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and contraception " in section 2 " what you need to know before you take odomzo "): an allergic reaction causing difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . other possible side effects include - severe muscle cramps or muscle pain , muscle weakness ( rhabdomyolysis ) the breakdown of muscle tissue may lead to fractures or life - threatening skin reactions . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects occur : very common ( may affect more
what odomzo contains - the active substance is sonidegib ( as phosphate ). each hard capsule contains 200 mg of histidine ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are : crospovidone type a , lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of your favorite foods '), magnesium stearate , poloxamer 188 , silica  , colloidal anhydrous , sodium laurilsulfate . - capsule shell : gelatin , iron oxide red ( e172 ). printing ink : shellac , titanium dioxide [ e171 ], iron oxide black ( е172 ), propylene glycol , shellumc . what the contents of the pack the hard capsules are white with ' 200 mg 
bonviva belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates ( also called ibandronic acid ). it is used to treat bone loss in adult women . it reduces the risk of more loss of bone and increasing bone mass . bonvive works by increasing the amount of bone that can be absorbed and increasing it thereby reducing breaking bones ( fractures ). this reduction in the number of fractures can be seen in both women and men . boneviva is used in the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis ( ph - positive all ) and in men , it can result in fractures more easily . o osteoprosis is a thinning and weakening of the bones , especially in women after the menopause . at the menochochrome , the ovaries stop producing the female hormone oestrogen
do not take bonviva : - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . warnings and precautions certain problems may occur with your gullet / food pipe such as narrowing or difficulty swallowing . these may be due to low blood calcium . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . other important side effect is osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ), which is a common complication of bone damage in the jaw , has been reported in several studies . talk to your doctor before you take bonViva , if : you have osteoporosis . onj can occur after stopping treatment . it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it can be a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . in order to reduce the risk of developing
always take bonviva exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are unsure . how much to take your doctor will advise you on the dose to take . follow your doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . pregnancy and breast feeding bonvive should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the treatment of postmenopausal women . it is preferable to take boneviva when you are pregnant , unless your doctor specifically recommends it . breast feeding is not recommended . this medicine should be used at the same time as it should . there are no studies on the effects of this medicine in patients using machines containing lactose . patients with a galactose intolerance ( such as the faint lactase deficiency ) or glucose 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking bonviva and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe pain in the chest ; severe pain , severe nausea , vomiting ; difficulty in swallowing ; a severe inflammation , including sores and constriction . rare ( likely to affect upto 1 in 1000 people ), itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , difficulty breathing persistent eye pain or inflammation new pain ; weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin ; unusually heavy or slow movements . tell your doctor if any of these side effects get serious or last more than a few days . other side effects include :
what bonviva contains - the active substance is ibandronic acid . each tablet contains 150 milligram ( mg ) of i Bandronic Acid ( as sodium monohydrate ).  the other ingredients are : cellulose microcrystalline , crospovidone ( type a ), stearic acid purified , silica colloidal anhydrous tablet ; and hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ); talc , macrogol 6000 , all in the tablet core . all in one tablet is made of a desiccant and is supplied in a flat , white to off - white tablet with " bnva 150 " on one side . the tablets are presented in blisters and are available in packs of 1 or 3 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
ziagen is used to treat hiv ( human immunodeficiency virus ) infection in adults and children . it contains the active ingredient abacavir which belongs to a group of anti - retroviral medicines called nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ) that are used in different ways to treat the hiv infection . this is by reducing the amount of virus in your body , and by keeping it at a low level . the cd4 cell count in your blood is very important . a d4 cells are a type of white blood cell that are important in helping your body to fight infection and to prevent it from becoming resistant to treatment . your doctor will recommend the best medicines for you . to help you stay alert to the signs of your treatment , please also read the patient alert card you have been given by your
do not take ziagen if you : - are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to abacavir ( or any other medicine containing a Bacavir ), trizivir ( e1201 ), triumeq or kivexa , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) carefully read all the information about hypersensitivity reactions in section 4 . you must take special care with this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ziaGEN if : you have hiv you have serious side effects you have moderate or severe liver disease you have ever had liver disease ( including hepatitis b or c ), are overweight you have severe kidney disease . your doctor may do blood tests to check that your medicine is working properly , and you are free of visible particles in the blood .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . swallow the tablets , with some water . ziagen can be taken with or without food . do not take more than the recommended dose . tell your doctor about how long you should continue to take ziagagen . despite your illness , other infections and illnesses linked to hiv infection may still occur . how much to take the usual dose of ziaGEN is 25 mg once a day . your doctor will tell you how much you should take , when to take it , and for how long . the usual starting dose of Ziagen is 600 mg ( two 300 mg tablets ) once - preferably in the morning and 300 mg ( one 300 mg tablet ) in the evening . this may be taken as one 25 mg tablet or two 20 mg tablets or two 25 mg tablets
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of red pigs . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of ziagen or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . even patients who don ' t have the hla - b * 5701 gene may still develop a hypersensitivity reaction ( a serious allergic reaction ), described in this leaflet in the panel headed ' hypersensitivity reactions '. it is
what ziagen contains the active substance in each tablet is 300 mg of abacavir ( as sulfate ). the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycollate ( gluten free ), magnesium stearate and colloidal anhydrous silica . the tablet coating contains , in particular , triacetin , methylhydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), titanium dioxide , polysorbate 80 , iron oxide yellow , sunset yellow fcf ( h2o ). what ziаgen looks like and contents of the pack ziaGEN film - coated tablets are yellow with a " 623 " on both sides . they are available in blister packs of 60 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
cresemba is an anti - fungal medicine containing the active substance isavuconazole . cresеmba contains an active substance that works by killing or stopping the fungus from growing . this is how the infection is caused . what cressmba is used for creseva is used to treat adults with certain types of fungal infections called invasive aspergillosis , caused by a fungal species called the ' asparagusgillus ' group . it is also used in children and adolescents with mucormycosis . if you are given a fungum called amphotericin b , you must be given another medicine to help them fight the infection .
do not take cresemba : - if you are allergic to isavuconazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if : you have a heart beat problem called ' familial short qt syndrome '. you are taking one of the following medicines as they may affect the way this medicine works : do not switch from ketoconazoles ( used for the treatment of fungal infections ) ritonavir 200 mg / 12 mg for hiv / aids rifampicin , sifabutin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) carbamazepine ( used in the management of epilepsy ) barbiturate medicines , such as phenobarbital , used for epile
cresemba is usually given by a doctor or nurse over 8 to 12 hours , but it can sometimes be extended to up to 24 hours depending on your response to treatment . adults the recommended dose of cresеmba is 6 mg . it is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenously ). if you are given more cresentmba than you should your doctor will decide how much you should receive . depending on how well you respond , your doctor may lower your dose , interrupt , or completely stop the treatment if it is not used by the doctor . if too much cressmba is given by injection , it is very unlikely that you will be given too much . you may experience some of the following side effects : headache , feeling dizzy , restless or sleepy , tingling , reduced sense of touch or sensation , hot flushes 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking cresemba and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical attention : rash , swelling of your lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing - these may be signs of an allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). other possible side effects include : severe blistering of the skin , nose , eyes or genitals . other side effects may include the following : very common : the following may affect more than 1 in 10 people - low potassium levels in the blood - decreased appetite - hallucinations ( fits or delirium ) - headache , sleepiness - dizziness , light - headedness - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), cough -
what cresemba contains - the active substance is isavuconazole . each vial contains 362 . 6 mg isaveuconazonium sulfate equivalent to 200 mg is avunazole at the date and time of calibration .  the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ) and sulfuric acid . see section 2 . what cresumemba looks like and contents of the pack cresеmba 200 mg powder for concentrate for solution for infusion is provided in a vial . it is available in packs containing one vial or three vials .
the name of your medicine is temozolomide teva . this medicine is an antitumour agent which can improve your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). temizolomide toeva is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . in these patients , temazolomide is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of therapy ). in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant gloom ( such as those eds ) such as gli - globin / ma / anaplastic astrocytoma ( a form of adsorbed on msd ) in adults , when standard treatment is not
do not take temozolomide teva : - if you are allergic to temazolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - in case you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . warnings and precautions : blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . take special
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide teva . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and whether you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after taking temazolomide to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme will usually receive treatment initially followed by treatment with radiotherapy . after this , treatment will be continued for one week . the recommended dose for each kilogram of body surface area is one tablet ( 75 mg ) per day ( 72 hours ) for patients who have received 42 days
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), uncontrolled bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills severe headache that does not go away . temozolomide teva treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising and / or bleeding ; anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells which can cause fever ) and reduced resistance to infections . the reduction in blood cell counts may lead to an increase in some types of white blood cells ( leucopenia ). your doctor will monitor you closely during treatment . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people a
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . the expiration date refers to the last day of that month . store below 30 . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . tell your pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of the capsules . these measures will help protect the environment .
what temozolomide teva contains - the active substance is temazolomide ( as besilate ). temizolomide toeva 5 mg hard capsules : each capsule contains 5 mg temolomide [ see section 2 ]- the other ingredients are : tablet core : temozalomide de recombinant dna technology ( eds ) 20 mg tablet : capsule content : 20 mg ml [ e . g . tablet only ] 20 mg film - coated tablet (  1 : 1 )- the usual content of the capsule consists of : one capsule contains 20 mg the type ' methaemoglobin ', one capsule ( 100 mg ) or two capsules ( 200 mg ), all in the shape of a dosing order . one capsule
deltyba is an antibiotic used for the treatment of tuberculosis in the lung . it works by stopping the growth of bacteria that can become resistant to antibiotics , which also reduce the size of the tuberclesis .
do not take deltyba if you are allergic to delamanid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have very low levels of albumin , which is a member of a class of medicines called " carbamazepine ". if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking your medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and during treatment with delta . before you start taking the medicine , your doctor will check how well your heart is working ( an ecg or electrocardiogram ) and may check the function of your heart . your doctor may also do a blood test to check that some minerals and proteins are made in the heart , and that you have reduced levels ofalbumin ( a protein ), potassium , magnesium or calcium .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose is one 50 mg tablet to be taken once a day . take the tablets at the same time each day , for example one tablet in the morning and one in the evening . you can take deltyba with or without food . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not crush , chew or break the tablet before swallowing as it may affect the way the medicine is absorbed and may affect how it affects the way it works . if your doctor thinks that you may need a higher dose than is available from your doctor , you should take a full dose of the tablets , with or shortly after food , but within 24 hours of preparation , take the tablet ( s ) as soon as possible and then take the next dose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common ; may affect up to 1 in 100 people uncommon side effects may include sensations of irregular or forceful beating of the heart , nausea diarrhoea and stomach pain headache a tingling , burning or pricking sensation , numbness of the skin ( paresthesia ), shaking ( tremor ), decreased appetite dizziness not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data : hearing a persistent or persistent urge to pass urine , feeling or being unable to sleep , increased appetite , weight increase , sleepiness , tiredness ( asthenia ), weight loss , altered sense of taste , low blood sugar ,
what deltyba contains one film - coated tablet contains 50 mg of delamanid . the other ingredients are :  the tablet core ; hypromellose phthalate ; povidone , rac -  - tocopherol ; microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycolate ( type a ); carmellose calcium , colloidal hydrated silica , magnesium stearate ; and lactose monohydrate , indigo carmine ( e132 )  in the tablet coating ; as well as talc , iron oxide , yellow and red ink . what the tablet looks like and contents of the pack deltabyba 50 mg is a round , biconvex , tablet engraved with ' d ' on one side and ' 50 '
do not use xoterna breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or glycopyrronium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the product if any of these apply to you . the following information is intended for the specialist only : - you should not inhale more than once a day as this may make it more difficult for you to breathe .  you have asthma . this medicine should not be used as a treatment for asthma ; you have heart problems , seizure or fits ; or you have thyroid gland problems ( thyrotoxicosis ); you have diabetes . you may need to take any medicines for your lung disease while you are using these medicines . tell your doctor about all of these things .
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one inhalation every day at the same time of day . you only need to inhale once a day because the effect of this medicine lasts for 24 hours . don ' t use more than your doctor tells you to use . elderly ( age 75 years and over ) you can use the 75 mg capsules in the morning and in the evening . do not use more capsules as this will affect the way xoterna breezhaler works . it will only help you to remember to use it . how to use the inhaler see ' step - by - step instructions for use ' at the end of this leaflet for full information . if your doctor thinks you may have been using xxterna
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of tongue , lips or face , urticaria and skin rash . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . feeling tired or very thirsty , having an increased appetite not gaining weight and passing more urine than usual , feeling full , high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ). uncommon ( may effect upt ) crushing chest pain increased sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hives ( itchy , runny nose , sinusitis ) or feeling very weak or generally unwell . this may be a sign of an upper respiratory tract infection . your doctor may prescribe
what xoterna breezhaler contains - the active substances are indacaterol ( as maleate ) and glycopyrronium bromide . each single inhalation provides a delivered dose ( the dose leaving the mouthpiece of the inhaler ) of 85 micrograms of indocaterol and 110 microgram of indonerol maleate in 43 microlitres ( 2 . 0 microliters ) glycopirronium and 54 microgram ( 3 . 5 microgram ) glucosepyrroniUM bromider . the other ingredient is the extractable particulate matter ( in this case , please see section 2 ). the inhaled powder contains lactose monohydrate , which is essentially free of particulates . particulated matter is a white pellet .
the active substance leflunomide belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . le flunomide ratiopharm is used to treat adult patients with active rhumatoid arthritis or with actively psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of rhatoidic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anemia ( lack of red blood cells ). this can also lead to symptoms of active prhusiatic arthritis and can also help you to perform your normal daily activities .
do not take leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during treatment : you must tell your dentist that you have or have had , - any serious skin reaction ( e . g . fever , joint pain , red skin stains , blisters ) or stevens- johnson syndrome . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine . you have any liver problems you have moderate to severe kidney problems , you have severely low numbers of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), or you are suffering from any problem which affects your immune system ( such as your bone 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of leflunomide ratiopharm is one 100 mg tablet once daily for the first three days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 10 mg or 20 mg leflunumide ratioppharm once daily , depending on the severity of the disease . for psoriatic arthritis , the usual dose is one 20 mg tablet twice daily . swallow the tablet whole and with plenty of water . it may take about 4 weeks or longer until you start to feel an improvement in your condition . some patients may even still feel further improvements after 4 to 6 months of therapy . you will normally take more tablet than you should . if possible take your tablet with you and talk to a doctor or go
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you experience weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may include a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth which may indicate severe , sometimes life - damaging reactions ( e . g ., stevens - lenson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . seek medical attention immediately : you may experience pale skin , tiredness , and sweating . you may also experience headache , fatigue and dizzi
what leflunomide ratiopharm contains - the active substance is laflunomid . one film - coated tablet contains 10 mg of lefluminide .  the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate , low - substituted hydroxypropyl cellulose , tartaric acid , sodium laurylsulfate and magnesium stearate in the tablet core as well as lecithin ( soybeans ), poly ( vinyl alcohol ), talc , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) and xanthan gum in the film . what le flunomide ratipharm looks like and contents of the pack leflumide ratioppharm 10 mg film  s - containing tablets are white to almost white and round with a diameter of approximately 6 mm . the tablets are provided in pack sizes of 30 tablets .
increlex is a liquid that contains mecasermin , a man - made insulin , which is designed to act as a growth factor ( igf ). it is used in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years to less than 18 years of age .
increlex must not be used : - if your child is currently taking any tumour or growth , whether cancerous or non - cancerous . your child has had cancer in the past , or has any conditions that may increase the risk of cancer . - be allergic to mecasermin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before each treatment , your child ' s doctor should check whether his / her tumours are suitable for treatment with increlesx . children , adolescents , children and neonates exposed to benzyl alcohol . warnings , precautions should be taken when tumours and growths are cancerous and non . cancerous under the influence of increleton . it is not known whether this medicine is safe and effective when used . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 0 . 04 ml once a week , for individuals weighing less than 62 kg . your doctor will decide on the correct dose based on your individual needs . increlex is injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). your doctor may inject insulin in a different place each week . this will help you to avoid hypoglycaemic effects ( e . g . increase of blood sugar levels ). you can change the dose ( s ) as long as your body ' s natural defences . you may find it helpful to know that some of the ingredients in increlet are present in the following places : your upper arm , upper leg , thigh , stomach area ( abdomen ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : mecasermin : low blood sugar ( hypoglycemia ), vomiting , injection site reactions , headache , middle ear infections , and serious allergic reactions . increlex may cause these events . cancerous and non - cancerous tumours : there has been an increase in both cancerious and non- cancerious tumours since the use of increcrex has not been studied in this population . such tumours have also been reported in patients using increlesx . they are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects include : very common side effects
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after the abbreviation exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the container in the outer carton in order to protect from light . diluted solution : after dilution , immediate use is recommended . however , chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 30 days at 2 - 8 .
what increlex contains - the active substance is mecasermin . each ml of solution contains 10 mg of mecasersmin , corresponding to 40 mg /ml when reconstituted as directed by your doctor . the other ingredients are benzyl alcohol , sodium chloride , polysorbate 20 , glacial acetic acid ( e260 ), sodium acetate , and water for injections . see section 2 , " important information about some of these ingredients " for further information . what the solvent is used for increletx is a clear and colourless solution for injection , provided in clear glass vial with a stopper and a seal . it is available in packs of 4 vials with 1 vial . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
xydalba contains the active substance delbavancin , which is an antibiotic of the glycopeptide group . your doctor or nurse will give you a treatment in adults for : - infections of the skin and under the skin that you have not been treated with . by killing certain bacteria it can prevent serious infections . these bacteria can form bacterial cell walls , where other bacteria are known to have caused your infection . you will be given other antibiotics while you are being treated with this medicine . if you have any questions about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you , ask your doctor .
do not take xydalba : - if you are allergic to dal bavancin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor may decide to delay your treatment if necessary . - tell your doctor if there is a history of kidney problems - your doctor will evaluate how well your kidney is working and treat you if any of these applies to you . the risk of diarrhoea may be increased in patients who have not been treated previously , or if they are suffering from , among others , antibiotics . this may make you more likely to become allergic to other antibiotics ( such as vancomycin and teicoplanin ). if your doctor determines that you have diarryhooe
xydalba will be given to you by a doctor or nurse . how much to take the recommended dose of xarydalbat is 1 , 500 mg per day . this dose is given as a single dose . it is usually given on days when you are sick , but your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you . the maximum recommended daily dose is 1 vial ( 500 mg ) once a day , for up to 8 weeks . if you have the impression that the medicine is too strong or too weak , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . instructions for proper use the instructions for use are given at the end of this leaflet ( see ' handling instructions ' in section 8 ). you will find this information in the patient alert card . you can check the order of administration by checking the card details provided in the child ' s pack
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital if you have any of these symptoms : sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue ; severe rash or itchiness ; throat tightening ; drop in blood pressure ; difficulty in swallowing or difficulty in breathing . these could be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . this severe reaction is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). abdominal pain ( stomach ache ) or watery diarrhoea . the symptoms may include blood or mucus ; or an infection of the bowel . abdominal pain may progress and become severe if the medicine does not improve or gets worse . it is important that you contact your doctor if
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from light . the prepared xydalba solution for infusion should not be used if the solution is cloudy or if it contains particles or is discoloured .
what xydalba contains - the active substance is dalsbavancin . each vial of powder contains 200 mg of dal bavancIN hydrochloride equivalent to 500 mg / ml ( 0 . 5 mmol / kg ).  the other ingredients ( excipients ) are : in the powder : mannitol (
arava belongs to a group of medicines called anti - rheumatic medicines . it contains the active substance leflunomide . arava is used to treat adult patients with active rhumatoid arthritis or with actively psoriatic arthritis . symptoms of rhatoidic arthritis include inflammation of joints , swelling , difficulty moving and pain . other symptoms that affect the entire body include loss of appetite , fever , loss of energy and anaemia ( lack of red blood cells ). this can also lead to symptoms of active pahritis , which causes inflammation of joints and tendonitis .
you must not be given arava : if you have ever had an allergic reaction to leflunomide ( especially a serious skin reaction causing fever , joint pain , red skin stains , or blisters e . g ., stevens - johnson syndrome ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ), or if your doctor thinks you may be allergic to teriflunomides ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arava your doctor needs to know before and during treatment , if : you have any liver problems . you have moderate to severe kidney problems you have severely low numbers of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). arava does not treat any problem which affects your immune system ( such as your bone marrow 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose of arava is one 100 mg tablet once daily for the first three days . after this , most patients need a dose of : for rheumatoid arthritis : 10 to 20 mg arava once daily , depending on the severity of the disease . for psoriatic arthritis , the usual dose is two 20 mg tablets per day . how to take arava ? swallow the tablets whole with a glass of water . it may take about 4 weeks or longer until you start to feel an improvement in your condition . some patients may even still feel further improvements after 4 to 6 months of therapy . you will usually take more arava than you should if taken too many tablets . if possible , take your tablets or the box with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking arava and seek medical help immediately if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth which may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( stevens - barré syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]). see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately : you may experience pale skin , tiredness , or fainting . you may also experience diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , and loss of appetite . other side effects very
what arava contains - the active substance is leflunomide . one film - coated tablet contains 10 mg of lefluminide - other ingredients : maize starch , povidone ( e1201 ), crospovidone , silica colloidal anhydrous , magnesium stearate , lactose monohydrate , hypromellose , titanium dioxide , macrogol 8000 , sunset yellow fcf ( octocog al ) and carnauba wax , iron oxide red , black and white , all in the tablet core , and sbn 8000 on the other side . what else arava looks like and contents of the pack arava 10 mg film- coated tablets are white to almost white round tablets marked with " zbn 10mg " on one side and plain on the
zerit belongs to a class of antiviral medicines called nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors ( nrtis ). it is used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ) infection in adults . this medicinal product can be used alone or in combination with other antiretrovirals to reduce the hiv viral load . it also increases cd4 cell counts , which is important for maintaining a healthy immune system to help prevent infection . your doctor will recommend the best course of treatment . you must continue your treatment for as long as your doctor determines that your hiv infection is at an acceptable level . if you have hiv that is resistant to this medicine , you must follow the instructions of your doctor , who will decide on the best time to take it . but , in the end of this leaflet , there are other precautions you should
do not take zerit if you are allergic to stavudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); or didanosine ( another medicine used to treat hiv infection ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zerits if any of these apply to you . tell your doctor before starting treatment , if the above applies to you ( or you are not sure ) you have kidney disease ; you have liver disease , including hepatitis and peripheral neuropathy , which may be associated with persistent numbness and tingling , or pain in the feet and / or hands . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . pancreatics ( inflammation of the pancreas ) 59 a sometimes fatal condition known as lactic acidosis ( an enlarged liver 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will decide your dose and how often you should take zerit . this will depend on your weight and on the medicinal product you are taking . the recommended dose is one capsule taken once a day with or without food . use in adults whose body weight is 30 kg or more 40 mg ( two capsules per day ): take the capsules about 12 hours apart with a glass of water on an empty stomach . do not chew or crush them . if necessary , your doctor may advise you to take a smaller dose . children who cannot swallow capsules should not take the medicine , but talk to their doctor if they have problems swallowing capsules . how much to take the usual dose of this medicine is 30 mg ( three capsules of 30 mg ) once 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by zerit or by any other medicines you take at the same time or by the infection itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any change in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood cholesterols sometimes to stavudine ( zerits ). there may also be a loss of fat from legs , arms and face ( lipoatrophy ). this loss of body fat has been seen in clinical trials . the doctor will test for these changes . if you are given zeit for the treatment of hiv ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after ' exp '. the expiration date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . zerit can be kept at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a single period of 30 days without being refrigerated again during this period . the hospital staff will throw away the medicine it no longer uses . these measures will help protect the environment .
what zerit contains the active substance is stavudine 15 mg . the other ingredients of the powder are lactose , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , sodium starch glycolate , and the capsule shell contains gelatine ( e340 ), iron oxide colorant , silicon dioxide , salt laurilsulphate , titanium dioxide colorant and edible black printing ink containing shellac , propylene glycol , purified water , potassium hydroxide and iron oxide . what erit looks like and contents of the pack zerits 15 mg hard capsules are red and white , oblong - shaped and marked with ' gx ' on one side . they are packed in bottles . not all pack sizes may be marketed . manufacturer : amgen europe b . v
irbesartan bms belongs to a group of medicines known as angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists . these substances help to control blood pressure , which is high enough for you to control your blood pressure when you are at high blood pressure and you are also suffering from type 2 diabetes . the active substance of this medicine is tachycardin , a substance which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in a lowering of blood pressure in the arteries , and lowers the blood pressure further than if either was not treated . iarbesardan mms has been shown to significantly reduce the decrease of kidney function in patients of all ages , with an increased risk of developing high blood tension and type 2 diabetic patients . your doctor has prescribed the medicine for you because you have
do not take irbesartan bms : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of i . e . sildenafil . check with your doctor if this applies to you . there is no information on the effects of tampering with the tablet core , or whether you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also possible that you could become pregnant if tetany ( see pregnancy section ) if any of these apply to your unborn baby .) take special care with iirbs see early pregnancy section of this leaflet . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents ( below 18 years of age ) because the safety and efficacy have not yet been fully established . follow the guidance for use in this age group .
always take irbesartan bms exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . route and method of administration i . e . one tablet should be taken once daily . try to take the tablet at the same time each day . swallow the tablet with a sufficient amount of fluid . it is important that you continue with this diet and exercise plan as recommended by your doctor . the usual dose of iirbedartan brms for patients with high blood pressure is 150 mg once daily ( two tablets a day ). your doctor may prescribe a daily dose of 300 mg ( four tablets ) once daily depending on blood pressure response . patients with certain characteristics ( for example , if someone else is taking a high dose ), type 2 diabetes and kidney disease . in adult patients ( adults and adolescents 
like all medicines , irbesartan bms can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , angioedema ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking this medicine . if you get any of these symptoms , or get short of breath , stop taking your medicine and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people uncommon : ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rare : - very common side effects ( may effect up to 10 in 10 , 000 people ), - not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use irbesartan bms after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . store below 30 . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what irbesartan bms contains - the active substance is iberia ( as mesilate ). each tablet of iarbesarmellose 75 mg contains 75 mg iirbs . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), croscarmellose sodium , lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate , colloidal hydrated silica , pregelatinised maize starch , and poloxamer 188 . what a tablet looks like and contents of the pack ipbs 75 mg tablets are white to off - white , biconvex , oval - shaped with a heart debossed on one side and the number 2771 engraved on the other side , as well as stylised hamster ovary ( hb
luminity is an ultrasound contrast agent that contains the active substance perflutren gas . a contrast agent is a medicine that interferes with the normal functioning of the body ' s internal body structures and enables imaging tests to obtain a clearer scan of the heart and ventricle ( echocardiography ). a diagnostic test is performed to obtain an image ofthe heart by using ultrasound to obtain detailed information about coronary artery disease and obstruction of the blood vessels supplying the heart muscle . the image is obtained using the equipment that is used for diagnostic use only .
do not use luminity if you are allergic to perflutren or any of the other ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). had an allergic reaction in the past . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if any of these apply to you . luminite may be used in combination with ultrasound or with a heart shunt . severe heart or lung diseases . have an artificial valve that controls the heart . suffer from an acute severe inflammation ( sepsis ). have known hyperactive coagulation system ( e . g . blood clotting tissues ) or recurrent thromboembolism ( blood coagulations ). suffer from a liver disease . are suffering or have a kidney disease ( see section " driving and using machines "). children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for patients under 18 years of age .
luminity is intended for your ultrasound examination and examination by means of intravenous use ( direct injection into the vein ). this medicine is administered by a mechanical device that produces a ' dispersion ' of microspheres in a vein called a " bolus ' injection . it then delivers an infusion ( drip solution ) of sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection or glucose 50 micrograms ( 5 . 5 million iu ) per kilogram body weight each day . your doctor will decide how much you should receive based on the volume of injections that you will receive . the ultrasound examination will be performed under the supervision of a doctor experienced in the use of the technique and the echocardiography . if you use more luminita than you should in the event of an overdose , you should contact your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for allergic type reactions , such as swelling of the face , have been reported very rarely . in some cases these allergic type responses including anaphylactic shock have been life - threatening allergic response and fits ( convulsions ). these allergic reactions may be life threatening . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following heart or breathing problems including cardiac arrest or post - marketing . the frequency of these effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 19 ) headache , flushing . uncommon side effects which affect 1 to 100 users in 100 ) dizziness , altered sleepiness , fainting , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indi
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use luminity after the expiry date which is stated on the carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . after activation ( shaking ) you must not store above 30 . the dispersion can be stored for up to 12 hours in the refrigerator and used after shaking . if you are not able to do so , the product must be kept at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for 48 hours , and used within 12 hours .
what luminity contains - the active substance is perflutren . each vial contains 6 . 4 ml of gas ( corresponding to 109 pfu ) at reference time . the nominal concentration of perfluten gas in the vial is 150 micrograms . - one of the other ingredients are : dipalmitoyl - sn- glycero - 3 , phosphatidylcholine ( e331 ) ( see section 2 ) dipalmetoysl  n - polypropyethylene glycol 5000 carbamoyll ( type a )) ( 3 mpa - 1 ) solvent : sodium dihydrogen phosphate monohydrate ( mpeg5000 dppa ), sodium chloride , propylene glycol and water for
trisenox is used to treat patients with newly diagnosed low - to - intermediate risk acute promyelocytic leukaemia ( apl ), and whose disease has not responded to other therapies . pl is a unique type of myeloid leukoemia , a disease in which abnormal white blood cells and abnormal bleeding and bruising occur .
you must not be given trisenox : if you have acute leukaemias . your doctor will not decide whether you can be given the injection , or will not be able to do so . you are allergic to arsenic trioxide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have impaired kidney function you have any liver problems as your doctor may need to change your dose based on the results of tests , such as potassium , magnesium , calcium and creatinine in your blood before you have been given a thiomersal ( a type of medicine that works by modifying the electrical recording of the heart ( electrocardiogram ecg )) or blood tests ( for potassium and calcium ) before and during treatment with 
treatment should be started by a doctor experienced in the treatment of 31 patients with newly diagnosed acute promyelocytic leukaemia . your doctor will give you trisenox once every day as an infusion . in your first treatment cycle , you may be treated every day up to 60 days at most or until your doctor determines that your disease is better . if your disease responds to a higher dose than it should , your doctor may decide to reduce your dose of trisennox . you will be given 4 additional treatment cycles of 20 doses given 5 days per week ( followed by 2 days interruption ) for 4 weeks followed by 4 weeks interruption . the length of therapy may vary , depending on how your body is responding to treatment with trexnox , and on which other therapies have proved unsuccessful . patients with acute promyelocarytic leucopenia , whose disease
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects as these may be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal : difficulty in breathing , coughing , chest pain or fever . other side effects may include : allergic reaction , which may be severe , including : difficult or fast heartbeat , fever , sudden weight gain , water retention , fainting or palpitations ( strong heartbeat you can feel in your chest ). treatment with trisenox may need to be stopped . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , dry mouth , wind ( flatulence ), headache . common (
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton . this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . after first opening : once opened the product should be used immediately . shelf life after dilution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 to 8 . from a microbiological point of view , this medicine should not be used if you notice foreign particulate matter or if the solution is discoloured . don ' t throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what trisenox contains - the active substance is arsenic trioxide . each ml of concentrate contains 1 mg of arsenic trioxidate . one vial of 10 mL contains 10 mg of origic acid . the other ingredients are sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , and water for injections . see section 2 " trexnox contains sodium ". what traxnox looks like and contents of the pack - trenox is supplied as a concentrate for solution for infusion ( sterile concentrate ). - each carton of trisennox contains 10 single - use glass ampoules .
lemtrada contains the active substance alemtuzumab . it is used to treat multiple sclerosis ( ms ). it is also used in adults for the treatment of relapsing remitting multi - rhems ( rrmss ) relapses and how they can be prevented . the signs and symptoms of m , seen in clinical studies , have shown that lemtra is effective in reducing the number of fewer occurrences and reducing their disability . when used in combination with beta - interferon injected into patients ( like you , if you are not sure ), ask your doctor or pharmacist . you may be treated with lemtrerada to help treat your mc , which is different from another autoimmune disease that affects the central nervous system , such as the brain and spinal
lemtrada will be given to you by a doctor or nurse for the initial treatment . it is given as an infusion over 5 days . the first dose is given on days 1 and 2 of each infusion , followed by 3 days one year later . if you miss a dose , talk to your doctor . lemtra treatment is divided into two treatment courses , each based on ms activity . each course is given every 6 weeks , until you no longer benefit from the infusion or symptoms of mms disease . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . after the first infusion and for 3 days following the prior treatments , the maximum daily dose should not be given more than once a month . every three weeks the doctor will tell you how many treatments you need to receive . all three courses should be given at the same time , in a hospital
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are related to the autoimmune conditions described in section 2 , which are acquired haemophilia a ( bleeding disorder ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) spontaneous bruising , nose bleeds , painful or swollen joints . if you experience any signs of bleeding , seek medical advice straight away . bleeding including itp ( bleeding disorders ). very common ( may effect more than 1 in 10 people ). small scattered red , pink or purple spots on your skin that look like a pearl - like macules . this may make it easier for you to bruize . you may also experience bleeding more often in menstrual periods than normal which is very common . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking le
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special storage conditions due to microbial contamination . after reconstitution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 8 hours at room temperature ( 20 - 25 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what lemtrada contains - the active substance is alemtuzumab . each ml contains 12 mg of alemtunab in 1 . 2 g disodium phosphate dihydrate . the other ingredients ( excipient ( s )) are : disoium edetate potassium chloride , potassium dihydrogen phosphata , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride water for injections ( see section 2 ). what lemmtrada looks like and contents of the pack lemtra is a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution for infusion ( sterile concentrate ). the pack size is 1 glass vial per carton .
the active ingredient filgrastim is made from your own white blood cells which are part of a protein produced by biotechnology in bacteria called escherichia coli . it belongs to a group of proteins called cytokines and is a natural protein ( granulocyte - colony stimulating factor [ g - csf ]) produced by your own body , and is very similar to the protein found naturally in your food pipe . filgranstim stimulates the bone marrow ( the tissue where new blood cells are made ) to produce more white blood cells that help fight infection . accofil is used to : - reduce the number of your own kind of whiteblood cells - help your body make more of these cells if you are at high risk of receiving chemotherapy , - stimulated by your doctor for the first time , or - produce new
do not use accofil - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving treatment . - patients with sickle cell anaemia , who are treated with afil should be carefully monitored . this is to avoid the risk of sicknessle cell crisis occurring in patients with osteoporosis ( bone disease ). - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your left shoulder [ these may be symptoms of an enlarge spleen ( sepsoriasis ), or possibly rupture of scleen ]. - notice unusual bleeding or bruising [ these might be symptoms or a decrease in blood platelets ( thrombocyto
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . seek medical attention immediately if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), skin rash , itchy rash ( urticaria ), swelling ofthe face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ). hypersensitivity . signs of a cough , fever , and difficulty breathing [ dizziness ] as this can be a sign of dyspnosia . acute respiratory response . tell your doctor right away if your child experiences any of these . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in white blood
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the syringe label after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or shake . keep the pre - filled saryringe in the carton in order to protect from light . once thawed , accofil can be used if it is cloudy or discoloration or if needles are loose . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what accofil contains - the active substance is filgrastim . each pre - filled syringe contains 30 million international units [ miu ] ( 600 microgram ) of fil GRAstim in 0 . 5 ml of solution or at a concentration of 0. 6 % w / v .  acetic acid , sodium hydroxide , sorbitol ( e420 ), polysorbate 80 and water for injections . ( see section 2 ). what you need to know before you are given accfil ) - a clear colourless solution for injection or infusion ( hdpe ) in a pre  filled , clear to slightly opalescent solution . it is available in three pack sizes : - 1 single - use single  2 . 1 m
perjeta contains the active substance pertuzumab , which is used to treat breast cancer . it is used when : the breast cancer is advanced or has spread to other parts of the body ( e . g . in the lungs or liver ) and has responded to anticancer medicines ( chemotherapy ) or other medicines . the cancer is likely to have spread to the breast and / or to other areas where previous treatment has not helped to stop the cancer from re - appearing in the body or if the treatment is going to be given after surgery , or after surgery ( neoadjuvant therapy ) has been tried but has not worked . this has helped to reduce the amount of the cancer that has stayed in your body for too long ( metastatic ).
do not use perjeta - if you are allergic to pertuzumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor before you are given perjetare . warnings and precautions treatment with perjetava may affect your heart . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you is given perjea : - you have ever had heart problems or heart failure that do not respond to treatment , or serious irregular heartbeats , uncontrolled high blood pressure or recent heart attack . your doctor may want to monitor your heart function while you are being treated with per jeta . this is to check that your heart can pump blood well enough , and to detect any signs of heart problems from previous treatment with trastuzuzum b , a chemotherapy medicine or anthracyclines . if any of these apply
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . perjeta is given as a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ). medicine given infusions will be given to you over a period of time . the duration of treatment usually depends on whether you are having treatment before surgery or neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy , based on your individual needs . if your doctor determines that disease is of no concern , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you , depending on your response to treatment . in combination with other cancer treatments ( including trastuzumab andchemotherapy ), the recommended dose is one infusion of 840 mg per jeta per day . you will usually receive your first infusion once every two weeks ( for at least 60 days ). 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the effects in this list . very severe or persistent diarrhoea , a decrease in the number or low amount of white blood cells ( shown in a blood test ), fever or an infection ( see infusion reactions ) symptoms such as feeling sick ( nausea ) fever and chills feeling tired , headache , loss of appetite , joint and muscle pains , hot flushes or an increase in blood pressure . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia and flu - like symptoms ) headache fever , chills and feeling tired dizziness , migraine , lack of appetite
perjeta will be stored by the healthcare professionals at the hospital or clinic . the storage details should you need them are as follows : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the vial label after the abbreviation exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze the reconstituted solution . once the product has been diluted it should be used immediately . if not , the product should be returned to the pharmacy or used within a single period of up to six months . this three - month period must be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what perjeta contains - the active substance is pertuzumab . each vial contains 420 mg of pertunab in 30 ml at a concentration of 30 mg / l - histidine ( e331 ), sucrose , polysorbate 20 and water for injections . ( see section 2 ). what perjea looks like and contents of the pack perjete is a clear , colourless to pale yellow concentrate for solution for infusion . it is supplied in a glass vial containing 14 milligrams of concentrate .
pergoveris contains the active substance follitropin alfa . lutropin altfa belongs to a group of hormones called gonadotropins . this medicine works by helping to develop flollicles in the ovaries of women who are pregnant or breast - feeding . it is used in adult women ( over 18 years old ) who have low levels ( severe deficiency ) of " foollicle stimulating hormone " ( fsh ), which is similar to the missing hormones , but may be affected by low levels of frsh ( the lining of a froollicle ), and in men who do not produce enough of the hormone " human chorionic gonadotropicin ( hcg ). it is not effective in pregnant women .
you and your partner ' s fertility should be evaluated before the treatment is started by a doctor experienced in treating fertility problems . do not use pergoveris : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or luteinising hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or 62 if your doctor has told you that you have a brain tumour ( hypothalamus or pituitary gland ), or if there are sacs of fluid within your ovaries ( ovarian cysts ), unexplained vaginal bleeding , cancer in your ops or breasts , or a condition that makes a normal pregnancy impossible , such as an early menopause , due to malformed sex organs or benign tumours . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . using this medicine pergoveris is injected under the skin ( subcutaneously ). to reduce skin irritation , use a different injection site each day . your doctor may change your dose , depending on how well the solution is . you will need a powder and liquid to make this medicine for injection . instructions for use follow the instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . please read the " instructions for preparing and giving this medicine " at the end of this leaflet . how much to use your doctor will decide the correct dose for you , based on your body weight , weight and the dose you need . the recommended dose is one injection of the pergOVERis powder with a licensed follitropin alfa preparation before you start your perg
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , hives , swelling of your face with difficulty breathing can sometimes be serious . the most common side effect is ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ). this may cause lower abdominal pain as well as nausea and vomiting , depending on the symptoms listed above . it is very important that you contact your doctor immediately if the symptoms described above occur . you may also be told that you have been told by your doctor that you are having ovaries over - reacted to the treatment with pergoveris . your doctor will check whether it is safe for you to continue .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial and the carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . pergoveris can be stored below 25 in the original vial without being refrigerated again before administration . the medicine should not be used if there is any visible sign of deterioration ( see section 6 ). the reconstituted solution should be clear and colourless ; do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what pergoveris contains the active substances are follitropin alfa and lutropin infa . each ml of solution contains 150 micrograms of lupin alfata , corresponding to a concentration of 11 iu / kg of bodyweight . the other ingredients ( excipients ) are : human recombinant coagulation factor viii ( rdna ) and 75 microgram ( nvr ) in each millilitre of solution . after reconstitution , the solution contains 1 . 5 milligrams ( 0 . 6 milliliters ), of which at least half a milliseconds has been added . one additional ingredient is : sodium - phosphate dihydrate , sodium dihydrogen phosphatE monohydrate ( e339 ),
puregon solution for injection contains a substance called follitropin beta , a hormone that belongs to the family of hormones called gonadotrophins . it works by hindering the growth and development of ovulation , and in so doing , prevent the growth of multiple ovulations in the ovaries . in fertilised female sex hormones , these can act in exactly the same way as puregon . puregon is used for the treatment of infertility in adult women , who have not previously responded to treatment with clomifene citrate or who could not be suitable for their intended use . purgon is intended for use for in vitro fertilisation techniques , such as ivf , or other methods . when used alone or in combination with multiple flollicles that are infertile due to lowered hormone levels ,
do not use puregon : - if you are allergic to follitropin beta or any of the other ingredients of puregon ( listed in section 6 ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using puregon as it may have an effect on the size of your tumour ( ovary , breast , uterus , testis or brain ( pituitary gland or hypothalamus ) or irregular vaginal bleeding . puregon is not recommended for use in women with a condition known as primary ovarian failure , or due to a higher number of female sex hormones . it may also lead to enlarged ovaries ( also known as polycystic orian syndrome or pcos ) and malformations of the sexual organs ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). puregon contains 
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your treatment period will be adjusted by your doctor according to your needs and your treatment schedule . if necessary , your doctor may adjust the dosage based on your individual needs . how much puregon you will receive puregon will be administered to you by a doctor or nurse during your ovulation period . it is very important that you follow your doctor ' s instructions , so that the treatment schedule can be followed . this is because puregon can cause large differences in the number of ovaries . therefore , you may need a dosage schedule that is different from that of puregon alone . ultrasound scanning may be performed during treatment with oestradiol in order to obtain optimal ovarian response and follicle growth . the monitoring of plasma oeestradi
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects may be a complication that may occur during fsh treatment , such as hyperstimulation of the ovaries , ovulation ( a medical condition where a woman is unable to produce a sufficient amount of sperm ) or ovarian overstimation ( ohss ). this may constitute a serious medical problem that needs careful monitoring . if this happens , treatment with puregon may need to be stopped . during ultrasound scans ( to check for the presence of any traces of eggs produced during sex , or of maturing follicles ), blood hormone levels may be needed . this may include pain in the stomach , feeling sick and diarrhoea . the first symptoms may be serious or
keep out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . puregon can be stored for a single period of up to 1 month when stored at 2 to 8 or for up to 3 months when stored in the original package . after piercing the rubber stopper , puregon must be used straight away . do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what puregon contains the active substance follitropin beta is a hormone produced by recombinant dna technology . one ml of puregon 50 micrograms solution for injection ( injection ) contains 0 . 5 mg of the activity of the chemical . the other ingredient ( s ) in puregon are : puregon hair , which is supplied in vials , is 50 cm2 , in a vial and in syringes for up to a maximum of one vial , i . e ., one gl of aqueous solution ( see section 2 ). puregon 75 microgram ( . 4 g ) containing 0. 5 g ( in soluble ) of the activated substance flollar ( fsh ), a hormonal that stimulates growth and reproduction
efient contains the active substance prasiasugrel and belongs to a group of medicines called anti - platelet agents . platelets are very small cell particles that circulate in the blood . when a blood vessel is damaged , for example if it is cut , platelets clump together to help form a new blood clot ( thrombus ). platelets help stop bleeding , and cluts may form in a hardened blood vessel such as in an artery . this can cause a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ), stroke , or death . there have been reports of clottes in arteries supplying blood to the heart , temporarily reducing the blood supply , leading to unstable angina , which is a severe chest pain caused by the lumpy patches on the lining of the arteries and blocking the blood
do not take efient : - if you are allergic to prasugrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , swollen face , or tangled lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor immediately . you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as bleeding from your stomach or intestines , for example , after a stroke or a transient ischaemic attack ( tia ). you have severe liver disease . warnings and precautions before you take this medicine : look out for signs of bleeding : be especially aware of the following : age of 75 years or older . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 10 mg once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment , your doctor may increase your dose to a maximum of 60 mg once a day , preferably over a period of 60 minutes . your doctor might also prescribe you a lower dose of 75 mg ( 5 mg ) twice daily , in addition to acetylsalicylic acid , or ethanol ( e1515 ) to lower the risk of getting too high . efient is also available as 75 mg / 325 mg tablets . to stop excessive bleeding , take the tablets as soon as possible and then take the next tablet at the usual time . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten tablet . for the 14 ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience sudden numbness or weakness of the arm , leg or face , especially if only on one side of the body or sudden confusion , difficulty speaking or understanding others , sudden difficulty in walking , loss of balance or co - ordination or sudden dizziness or sudden severe headache with no known cause . possible signs of a stroke are : stroke is an uncommon side effect but it can be very serious and patients are more at risk of having one stroke than they should . the most common side effect in patients who have had either of the previous stroke or transient ischaemic attack ( tia ) are listed below . report immediately to your doctor any fever or bruising under the skin , with red pinpoint dots and with or without unexplained extreme tired
what efient contains - the active substance is prasugrel . each tablet by itself contains no other ingredients . - each tablet with 10 mg contains 10 mg of prasumgrel ( as hydrochloride ). - one tablet with a thickness of 5 mg / ml ( corresponding to 5 mg of pre - filled syringes ) contains 5 mg ( 25 mg ) of prematurised sex hormone ( ssh ) in each tablet . the other ingredients are : microcrystalline cellulose , mannitol ; croscarmellose sodium ( e468 ); hypromellose ; magnesium stearate . ingredients of the tablet core : lactose monohydrate , titanium dioxide , triacetin( e1518 ), iron oxide red (
riprazo tablets contain an active substance called aliskiren . this belongs to a group of medicines called renin inhibitors . rivrazo is used to treat high blood pressure in adult patients . in patients who do not have enough RENIN inhibitors they reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can produce . angiostensin is a substance produced in the body which causes blood vessels to tighten , which makes the blood pressure higher . the higher the dose of angina ia allows the blood vessels in the blood to relax ; this lowers blood pressure further than if either was not treated . high bloodpressure increases the workload of the heart and arteries . when this happens , they damage the blood vessel of the brain and heart .
do not take riprazo : - if you are allergic to aliskiren or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking the medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during your course of medicine if : you have been diagnosed with angioedema ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . you have experienced the following forms of angioendema when taking ali skiren , as it may be a symptom of hereditary angioemia . your doctor will check whether you have had angioadema within the last 6 months . pregnancy and breast - feeding - your
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . people who have high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take riprazo every day until your doctor tells you to stop . do not stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . some people may have side effects , i . e . keeping your appointments with the doctor is well . the usual starting dose is 150 mg once a day ( a blood pressure lowering effect ) within two weeks after beginning treatment . your doctor will regularly monitor your condition to check that the treatment is having the desired effect . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose of 300 mg ( whichever occurs first ). if your doctor prescribes a higher dose , you should
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , dizziness . other side effects may include : common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), high level of potassium in the blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - anxiety . uncommon ( may effect up to1 in 100 people ). - ringing in the ears ( hoarseness ). reporting
what riprazo contains the active substance is aliskiren ( as hemifumarate ) 150 mg . the other ingredients are crospovidone , hypromellose , magnesium stearate in the tablet core as well as macrogol , microcrystalline cellulose , povidone ( k29 / 32 ), colloidal anhydrous silica and talc , titanium dioxide ( e 171 ), black iron oxide [ e 172 ], red iron oxide[ e 287 ]). what rippedrazo looks like and contents of the pack raprazo 150 mg film coated tablets are light - pink , biconvex round tablets , imprinted " il " on one side and " nvr " on the other side . rivola tablets are available in packs containing 7 , 14 ,
the name of your medicine is lacosamide ucb . it contains an active substance called lacoSamide . this belongs to a group of medicines called " antiepileptic medicines ". these medicines are used to treat epilepsy . you have been given this medicine to lower the number of fits ( seizures ) you have . what laCosamide uncb is used for laco samide unitedcb has been given to you in hospital , adolescents and children aged 4 years and older , who have already been treated with other antiepitieptic medicines to treat a certain type of epilepsis characterised by the occurrence of partial - onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation . in all cases , fits are likely to have a major impact on the brain . however , these may then spread to larger areas on both sides of your brain 
do not take lacosamide ucb : - if you are allergic to lacoSamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking the medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking this medicine , if : you have a certain type of heart beat problem called second - or third - degree av block . in some cases your doctor may need to reduce your dose . if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 18 years of age . the use of la cosamide uncb has not been studied in this age group . thoughts of harming or killing yourself , have been reported in some patients taking anti
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of lacosamide ucb is one tablet twice a day . try to take it at the same time each day , preferably in the morning . you will usually take the tablet with food . in the evening , you may crush and combine the lacosamide uncoated tablet with a glass of water . your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take , and for how long . why do you need to take la cosamide one day ? this is a long term treatment , possibly lasting for months or years . do not stop taking lacoSamide urb before your doctor tells you to . it may take some time before you feel better . if your doctor decides to stop la
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . nervous system side effects such as dizziness may be higher after a single " loading " dose . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ) double vision ( diplopia ) common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people problems in a muscle or group of muscles ( myoclonic seizures ) difficulties in coordinating your movements or walking problems in keeping your balance ( shaking ( tremor ) difficulty in getting up from a lying or sitting position redness or pain in your lower back or side , difficulty in bending the handler ( swollen hands , ankles , feet or legs ) muscle spasms ( arthralgia 
what lacosamide ucb contains - the active substance is lacoSamide . one tablet in the tablet core contains 50 mg or 50 mg pegvaliase . - one tablet at the back of the tablet may be divided into two equal doses . peach - coloured tablets : - at the start of the day , laco-samide usb 100 mg contains 100 mg of lacosite . the other ingredients of la cosamide uncb are 150 mg and 150 mg lacoside . lacodamide urb 200 mg tablets each tablet contains 200 mg or more lacosonine . other ingredients : microcrystalline cellulose , hydroxypropylcellulose . not all pack sizes may be marketed in your country . your doctor will prescribe the strength that is best for you based on your weight , as well as tablet thickness 
viekirax contains the active substances ombitasvir and paritaprevir and ritonavir . it is an antiviral medicine used to treat adults and children with chronic ( long - term ) hepatitis c ( an infectious disease that affects the liver , caused by the hepatis b virus ). it works by blocking two different proteins that the virus needs to grow and reproduce itself , causing them to multiply and infect other cells . this allows the virus to multiply in your blood and so reduces the amount of cells that are affected by the virus , and keeps it at a low level . by blocking these proteins , the two active substances help to stop the virus growing and multiplying . if tampered with by these methods , it can block the growth of two proteins in the body called ' booster ' and this helps to stop
do not take viekirax : - if you are allergic to ombitasvir , paritaprevir and ritonavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions moderate to severe liver problems other than hepatitis c . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the medicines . you may need to stop or change your dose of these medicines , as they may affect the way these medicines work . see the package leaflets for these medicines for further information on their use and effects . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor and do not continue to take vikirax without your doctor ' s advice . before you start taking lifekirax you will be asked to take a combination of medicines called " oral " ( a type of medicine ) with the medicine alfuzosin to
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . viekirax tablets are usually taken together with other anti - viral medicines called "dasabuvir " or " ribavirin ". how much to take the recommended dose is one tablet once a day . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it has a very bitter taste . you should take viekix every day at the same time of the day , for 8 weeks , or every 12 or 24 weeks . your doctor may change your dose based on your response to treatment . remember to take all the medicines recommended by your doctor to prevent or reduce the hepatitis c virus infection . if a person takes your medicine , take it with food . it is important that you take
like all medicines , viekirax can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . as for any combination of dasabuvir and ribavirin , serious allergic reactions that may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or light - headedness , as these may be signs of low blood pressure , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash and itching all over the skin worsening liver problems . get medical help immediately if you get any of the following : symptoms of being sick ( nauseous ), are sick ( vomit ) or lose your appetite , have yellowing of your skin or eyes o your urine may look yellow , or you may have a different type of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) signs and symptoms of liver problems such as rash , itching or hives on the skin
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use the medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . the medicine should be used immediately after opening . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what viekirax contains the active substance is : 12 . 5 mg ombitasvir : each tablet contains 75 mg of paritaprevir and 50 mg of ritonavir . the other ingredients are : copovidone , tocofersolan , propylene glycol monolaurate ( type a ), sorbitan monolurate , colloidal anhydrous silica ( e 551 ), sodium stearyl fumarate . tablet film - coating : vinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ), macrogol ( 3350 ), titanium dioxide [ e 171 ], red iron oxide and , black iron oxide , and carnauba wax . pack size : 4 x 1 tablet . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
ibandronic acid accord contains the active substance ibanronic aldosterone . this belongs to a group of medicines called bisphosphonates . it is used in adults and prescribed to you if you have breast cancer that has spread to your bones ( called ' bone metastases '). it helps to prevent your bones from breaking ( fractures ). it also helps to reduce the risk of other bone problems that may need surgery or radiotherapy . you have been prescribed i bandronic acids accord because you have a raised calcium level in your blood because you are being treated for a tumour . i Bandronic Acid accord works by reducing the amount of calcium that is lost from your bones . as a result , your bones become weaker .
do not take ibandronic acid accord - if you are allergic to the active substance i Bandronic Acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - since you may have low levels of calcium in your blood when taking this medicine . warnings and precautions a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( bone damage in the jaw ) has been reported in some patients receiving i bandronic acids for cancer - related conditions . onj can also occur after stopping treatment . it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it is a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . in order to reduce the risk of developing osteoneuroses of the Jaw , there are some precautions you should take . before receiving treatment , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if : - you have
this medicine ibandronic acid accord will be given to you by a doctor or nurse with experience in the treatment of cancer . it is given as an infusion into a vein . your doctor will do regular blood tests while you are being treated with i bandronic acids accord . always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one infusion in your vein over at least 6 hours . from a microbiological point of view , your doctor may reduce your dose by 4 - 5 minutes . this may be repeated at intervals , as a precautionary measure . if your illness persists you should continue to be treated for breast cancer that has spread to your bones , you will be monitored for 6 hours and 4 hours after the last dose . you will usually be given an in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a nurse or a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) persistent eye pain and inflammation new pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the tummy bone . very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 ,000 ) pain or sore in your mouth or jaw . severe jaw problems ( necrosis ( dead bone tissue ) in the jaw bone ). ear pain with discharge from the ear . this may be a sign of an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the mouth . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . dilution chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for several days at room temperature and in 0 . 9 % sodium chloride and 5 % glucose solution . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . however , if this is not possible it can be stored for up to 36 hours below 25 and 2 ° - 8 . the solution for infusion may be stored up to 24 hours at 2 to 8 , in the original vial , except in case of aseptic condition . it is recommended that the use of this medicine is used immediately after preparation . your doctor or pharmacist is responsible for disposing
what ibandronic acid accord contains - the active substance is ibandrononic acid . one vial of the concentrate for solution for infusion contains no more than 2 mg of concentrate . for each ml of concentrate used for solution of infusion , each millilitre of solution contains 2 mg i bandronic Acid , corresponding to 2 . 25 mg of ibdronate sodium monohydrate . i Bandronic acids accord 6 mg : one viale of concentrate for solutions for infiltration consists of 6 milligrams ( 0 . 5 milliliters ) of concentrated , clear , colourless , and clear solution . each vial contains 6 mg ( 3 . 7 mg ) iandronate salt monohydrate in the other ingredients : sodium chloride , sodium acetate trihydrate , water for injections .
emselex is used to treat an overactive bladder in adult patients . it belongs to a group of medicines that relax the muscles in the back of the bladder , and so restricts their movements . the treatment helps to reduce the symptoms of over active bladder conditions and to prevent a sudden urge or urge incontinence when you cannot stand or sit upright .
do not take emselex : - if you are allergic to darifenacin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have a history of urinary retention ( inability to empty your bladder ) or gastric retention ( problems emptying your stomach ) you have uncontrolled narrow - angle glaucoma ( high pressure in the eyes causing loss of eyesight ) your doctor has told you you have myasthenia gravis ( a disease causing abnormal tiredness and weakness of selected muscles ). you have ever had severe ulcerative colitis or toxic megacolon ( acute dilation of the colon due to infection or inflammation ) and you have severe liver problems . you have diabetes - related kidney problems , as your doctor may want
always take emselex exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual dose for adults ( including people over 65 years of age ) is 7 . 5 mg once a day . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you , usually over a period of 15 minutes . depending on your response to therapy , your doctor may change your dose . people with mild liver problems or patients with kidney problems will receive a higher or lower dose , depending on the weight of the patient . there are no special dose recommendations for the use of a tablet containing any of the following : a lower or higher dose than is recommended . alternatively , you can take a smaller dose of emerselex tablets with food ( a meal or a substantial snack ). you should swallow the tablets whole .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . some side effects could be serious serious allergic reactions with swelling , sometimes of the face or throat . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 44 dry mouth . constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people headache . abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick , dry eyes , nasal dryness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): nose bleeds . you may get a hoarse voice . itching , redness or itching of the skin . skin reactions such as rash , itching and hives have been reported in people taking emselex . tell your doctor
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister packs and carton after " exp ". this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . does not show that the pack is damaged or shows signs of tampering .
what emselex contains - the active substance is darifenacin . each prolonged - release tablet contains 7 . 5 mg of darifenedacin ( as hydrobromide ).  the other ingredients are : calcium hydrogen phosphate ( anhydrous ), hypromellose , magnesium stearate , polyethylene glycol , titanium dioxide ( e171 ) and talc . ( see end of section 2 ). ( note ) what the tablet looks like and contents of the pack emex 7 , 5 , 8 , 9 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 28 , 49 , 56 , 98 and 140 tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
aldara cream contains the active substance catridecacog ( ecumenata ). it is used for the treatment of warts ( condylomata acuminatum ) mainly of the genitals and the anus , but also of the lower back . superficial basal cell carcinoma ( bcc ), a type of skin cancer that affects large areas of the body . those who are fair - skinned are not prone to sun exposure , have higher body temperature and are more likely to get sun exposure ( see section 2 ). basal cells carcinoma can also cause you to disfigure your face during treatment . actinic keratosis actinatic keratatoses are rough areas of skin that can appear as reddish target - like skin coloured , greyish , pink or
you must not be given aldara cream : - if you are allergic to imiquimod or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 26 talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given any form of aldarar cream . you should tell your doctor before this treatment is started , if your immune system is not working properly ( for example , when you are undergoing surgical treatment , on the eyes , lips and nostrils ). the cream should be wiped off with mild soap and water . if the cream is not properly disposed of , bandages or other dressings should be used . it may be used more than once a day , but this is not recommended if used at the same time or if there are other reasons why this medicine may not be suitable for you . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . wash your hands before applying the cream . do not cover the treated area with bandages or other dressings . your doctor will tell you how many sachets of aldara cream to use . make sure that the cream is completely omitted and not applied more than once a day . the treatment frequency should not be exceeded for patients with basal cell carcinoma , actinic keratosis , or patients with genital warts 28 days of the week 1 . assemble all ingredients in a single application area . please read all the information at the end of this leaflet before you begin to use it . instructions for use : do not use more than one application at a time ( for example , once every day , with no bandages
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effect ( may effect up to 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon side effects (" may affect 1 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare side effects (16 may affect less than 1 user in 10 ,000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) you may experience any of these effects . you should check with your doctor if you think they are being well controlled by aldara cream . it is important that you do not notice any changes in skin colour . if your skin reacts badly to aldarar cream , do not apply any more cream to your skin until it is time for your next dose . your doctor may advise you
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . store below 25 . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the sachet after " exp ". store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . once reconstituted , aldara should be used immediately . if not administered immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than one month at 2 - 8 , unless the solution is clear , colourless to pale yellow , and is clear to opalescent and practically free from particles and if the solution does not appear clear and colourless or if there are particles in it . it is recommended that the date of preparation is noted on the carton and the label and the carton , as well as the number of s
what aldara cream contains - the active substance is imiquimod . each sachet contains 250 mg or 5 mg imiQUImod in 1ml .  the other ingredients are isostearic acid ( e330 ), benzyl alcohol , cetyl alcohol and stearyl alcohol ( see section 2 ), white soft paraffin , polysorbate 60 , sorbitan stearate and glycerol ( 85 %), methyl hydroxybenzoate ( е219 ), propyl hydroxide and xanthan gum , purified water . see also section 2 for more information about ingredients that may alter the appearance of the gel . what aldera cream looks like and contents of the pack the active ingredient in aldar consists of : 250 mg powder : oleotide ,
tritanrix hepb is a vaccine used to protect against four diseases : diphtheria , tetanus ( lockjaw ), pertussis , whooping cough , and hepatitis b . the vaccine works by helping the body to make its own antibodies , which protect your child against these diseases . diphteria . Diphthera can occur anywhere on the skin , as well as being inflamed or swollen , severe breathing difficulties and sometimes , even death . a lot of the bacteria that cause a toxin can cause nerve damage , heart problems , or even death ( see section 2 ). if you miss a dose , tell your doctor .
tritanrix hepb should not be given to children under 33 years of age . if you have had any allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor . the active substances and other ingredients should be used as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your child . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given tritandrix hispb : if your child has an allergic reaction , which may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . in children and adolescents there is no relevant need for an allergic response to any vaccine against diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis , whooping cough , and hepatitis b diseases . it is not recommended to
tritanrix hepb is given as a total of three injections . each injection is given on a separate visit . subsequent injections will be given at the earliest . your doctor will tell you if additional injections are necessary . if you miss a scheduled injection , make sure you finish the complete vaccination course . it is important that you follow the instructions from the doctor , pharmacist or nurse so that you are able to complete the full vaccination course at the chosen or scheduled date . the doctor will decide when to give the vaccine . you will receive a first injection into the thigh muscle and then injecting it 30 minutes after the first injection . not all recipients will receive the vaccine into a vein .
like all medicines , tritanrix hepb can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials and post - marketing experience with tritantanrx hempb : very common side effects ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): pain or discomfort at the injection site redness or swelling at the site of the injection ( injection site reaction ) fever 38 drowsiness , irritability , unusual crying feeding problems common side effect ( these can occur with up to 1 in every 10 patients ). common reported side effects in children aged 1 to 10 years of age : diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) flu - like symptoms uncommon reporting of side effects 25 if any of the side effects gets serious , or if
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use tritanrix hepb after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the bottle tightly closed in order to protect from light . once the package is opened , use immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions are the responsibility of the user . freezing destroys the vaccine . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what tritanrix hepb contains the active substances are : 1 : diphtheria toxoid1 not less than 30 micrograms tetanus toxatoid2 60 microgramS bordetella pertussis 2 , 4 : hepatitis b surface antigen2 , 3 10 microgram 1 adsorbed on aluminium hydroxide , hydrated 0 . 26 milligrams al3 + 2 : aluminium phosphate 0. 37 millilitres al2 + 3 produced in yeast cells ( saccharomyces cerevisiae ) by recombinant dna technology 3adsorbed upon dmedication by gelatine e . g . for ph adjustment , see section 3 . tritandrix
the active substance of jardiance , empagliflozin , belongs to a group of medicines called sodium glucose co - transporter - 2 ( sglt2 ) inhibitors . jariance contains the active ingredient catridecacog - a , which is used in adults to treat type 2 diabetes in adult patients ( aged 18 years and older ) who are unable to take the medicine full dose , but whose condition is not controlled with other medicines . this includes metformin ( another diabetes medicine ). jardicance should always be taken in combination with another medicine for diabetes . it is important to continue to follow the advice on diet and exercise given to you by your doctor or nurse . medicines taken by mouth or insulin given by injection are not recommended .
do not take jardiance : - if you are allergic to empagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . " type 1 diabetes " means that you don ' t use any insulin . - signs of rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , or a different sweet or metallic taste in your mouth . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood and urine .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the starting dose of jardiance is 10 mg once a day . your doctor may increase the dose to a maximum of 25 mg once daily if necessary ( e . g . two 10 mg tablets per day ). you can take the dose at any time of the day , with or without food . do not take more than the recommended dose if your doctor thinks you may have a kidney problem . taking this medicine swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water do not crush or chew the tablet . talk to your doctor about switching to another diabetes medicine . remember to take all medicines that lower blood sugar and diet plan as directed by your doctor to achieve the best results for your health . diet and exercise can help your body to use its blood sugar
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking jardiance and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical attention : severe allergic reaction ( frequency not known ; cannot be estimated from the available data ) serious allergic reaction may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may lead to difficulty breathing or swallowing ) diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic kidneyoasis ( see also section 2 ): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling sick or being sick stomach pain excessive thirst fast and deep breathing confusion unusual sleepiness or tiredness dizziness when getting up from a lying or sitting position reporting of
what jardiance contains - the active substance is empagliflozin . each tablet contains 10 or 25 mg ( as mesilate ). the other ingredients are : - tablet core : lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 under ' jardic ' for more information ), microcrystalline cellulose , hydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), croscarmellose sodium ( see ' important information about sodium '), colloidal anhydrous silica , magnesium stearate . - printing ink : shellac , propyllose , titanium dioxide [ e171 ], talc . macrogol ( 8000 ), iron oxide yellow ( only in colour ) ( see also end of section 2 ). what you need to know before you go home ) the ingredients of jar
revatio contains the active substance sildenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . this helps to increase blood pressure in the lungs by widening the blood vessels in the first few weeks . it is used to treat adults and children and adolescents ( aged 1 to 17 years ) who have high blood pressure , in the blood waters inthe lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ).
do not take revatio : - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking medicines containing nitrates , or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nutrate (" poppers "). these medicines are often given for relief of chest pain ( or " angina pectoris "), but can sometimes be prescribed by your doctor . taking retinoids can cause a serious increase in the effects of these medicines . tell your doctor before taking a dose , if any of these apply to you . - you should tell a doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away . the doctor may want to monitor you more closely while you ' re taking this medicine , because riociguat may increase the
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for adults , the recommended dose is 20 mg three times a day ( taken 6 to 8 hours apart ) taken with or without food . use in children and adolescents for children ( aged 1 year to 17 years ) and adolescents aged 10 years to  20 kg should take the first dose in the morning . the second dose should be given after the third dose . this medicine is generally given as a 20 mg film - coated tablet . your doctor will tell you how much medicine to take . do not increase the dose to 20 mg depending on your child ' s age and body weight . other pharmaceutical forms may be more appropriate for administration to patients less than 20 kg . you should swallow the tablet whole , with a glass of water , in order to minimise the risk of known side
like all medicines , revatio can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following side effects you should stop taking retinuvorelin and contact a doctor immediately : - sudden decrease or loss of vision ( frequency not known ) - an erection lasting more than 4 hours - prolonged and sometimes painful erinections have been reported in men after taking sildenafil . adults side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) were headache , facial flushing / indigestion , diarrhoea and pain in the arms or legs . overall list of possible side effects is provided below . may affect up to 1 in every 100 people . children and adolescents the frequency of these effects is currently not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ).  commonest side
what revatio contains - the active substance is sildenafil . each tablet contains 20 mg of sildinafil ( as the citrate ).  the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , calcium hydrogen phosphate ( anhydrous ), croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate . film coat : hypromellose , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), lactose monohydrate , glycerol triacetate . what retino looks like and contents of the pack retio film - coated tablets are white and round in shape . the tablets are marked with ' 20 mg ' on one side and plain on the other side , as well as the number of tablets that are stamped with the company logo and the code ' 9543 '. the tablet is provided in
the name of your medicine is temozolomide sun . this medicine is an antitumour agent which can improve your immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). temizolomide sunscreen is used for the treatment of specific forms of brain tumours : in adults with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme . temozalomide sunshine is first used together with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase of treatment ) and after that alone ( monotherapy phase of therapy ). in children 3 years and older and adult patients with malignant gliaomum , such as gli oblast omama multifilate or anaplastic astrocytoma . it is used in these tumours when standard treatment is not suitable .
do not take temozolomide sun : - if you are allergic to myelosuppression , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if : you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include itchiness , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - there may be a reduced number of blood cells , including your white blood cells and platelets . these cells are severely reduced ( myeloselosepression ). these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells . tell your doctor
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . dosage and duration of treatment your doctor will work out your dose of temozolomide sun . this is based on your size ( height and weight ) and whether you have a recurrent tumour and have had chemotherapy treatment in the past . you may be given other medicines ( anti - emetics ) to take before and / or after treatment with the sun to prevent or control nausea and vomiting . in patients with newly - diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme , treatment will be followed closely by treatment with radiotherapy ( concomitant phase ). the recommended dose for children and adolescents is one 75 mg / m2 body surface area ( bsa ). your doctor may decide to increase your dose once daily . the maximum dose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), uncontrolled bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills severe headache that does not go away . temozolomide sun treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising and / or bleeding ; anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells which can cause fever ) and reduced resistance to infections . the reduction in blood cell counts is usually short - lived . in some cases , it may be prolonged and may lead to complications such as a very severe form of anae ( phlebitis ). other side effects
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . store below 25 . please tell your doctor if you notice any change in the appearance of the capsules .
what temozolomide sun contains - the active substance is temazolomide . each hard capsule contains 5 mg temizolomide the other ingredients are : capsule contents : lactose , sodium starch glycolate ( type b ), tartaric acid , stearic acids ( see section 2 , " important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine ") capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), sodium laurilsulfate . printing ink : shellac , propylene glycol , yellow iron oxide [ e172 ] and blue # 1 / brilliant blue fcf aluminium lake ( fd & e132 ). what the hard capsules look like and contents of the pack temozalomide skin 5 mg soft capsules have a white opaque body and cap 
procysbi contains the active substance cysteamine ( also known as mercaptamine ). it is used to treat adult patients with nephropathic cystinosis ( nccy ). cystisis is a disease resulting from an abnormal accumulation of the amino acid cystine in various organs of the body such as the kidney , eye , muscle , pancreas , and brain . cystine build up causes kidney damage and excretion of excess amounts of glucose , proteins and electrolytes . procyesbi is presented as a medicine to remove cystine from the body by blocking the activity of cystine therapy . it is for use in adults with cystizonosis that is not well controlled .
do not use procysbi - if you are allergic to cysteamine , mercaptamine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if your doctor thinks you may be allergic to penicillamine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using propysbei . - when given with oral cysteine , it is important to avoid deposits of cystine crystals in the eye . it is recommended to avoid using cystystine eye drops at the same time as other medicine , and to avoid choking . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 6 years because it is not known if it is safe to use it in this age group . some children may be more likely to develop serious skin lesions after they have been given high doses ( see section 4 ). cyste
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 1 . 3 mg of procysbi per day . taking this medicine at the same time each day will help you remember to take it . this medicine can be taken with or without food . use in adolescents and children 12 years of age and over the general information on preparation and administration of this medicine is as follows : dairy products 1 mg / kg per day ( for children and adolescents ) 1 mg per day total daily dose for children , adolescents and adults ( 12 years and older ): procodysbli dating the total dose to be taken in the morning ( morning ) and at the end of the day ( evening ). in addition , dose in prosbi administration should be increased to the full standard dose , which is currently not higher than 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking procysbi and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following you may need urgent medical treatment : severe allergic reaction an allergic reaction may occur which may appear as hives , difficulty breathing , swelling of face , lips , tongue , or throat . if any of these side effects occur , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin rash ( sometimes accompanied by rash ) has been reported since the marketing of proccitis . the rash is usually mild and usually disappears within a few days without cysteamine treatment . abnormal liver function . it is not known how often this happens . this side effect is caused by proc
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the bottle and the foil seal after exp . store below 30 . keep the open bottle tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . when you start using a new bottle , store the bottle at room temperature ( below 25 ). keep the container tightly closed to prevent leakage of the medicine . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what procysbi contains - the active substance is cysteamine ( as mercaptamine bitartrate ) - each gastro - resistant hard capsule contains 25 mg or 75 mg ( 25 mg ) of cystеamine .  the other ingredients are : - capsule content : microcrystalline cellulose , methacrylic acid - ethyl acrylate copolymer ( 1 : 1 ), hypromellose , talc ( e553b ), triethYl citrate , sodium lauryl sulfate , capsule shell : gelatin , titanium dioxide [ e171 ], indigo carmine [ 1 ]), povidone ( k - 17 ) ( containing titanium dioxide[ e 171 ]). what proccination looks like and contents
alkindi is a medicine that contains the active substance hydrocortisone . hydrocorticosteroid belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . Hydrocortione controls the level of the hormone cortisol in your body . coratisol is produced by the adrenal glands , which are responsible for the production of hormones during and after the absorption of hormone from the body into the cells , and so controls how the hormone is releasing into the bloodstream . as a result of this , it helps to control the levels of the cortitsol in the body and helps to lower the amount of hormone that is released into the tissues of the body in the blood . alkindis is used to treat adult patients whose adrenal insufficiency is an inherited condition known as congenital adrenal hyperplasia ( cairps ).
do not use alkindi if you are allergic to hydrocortisone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). difficulties swallowing food by mouth warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given alkindis granules , if this applies to you . you or your child are unwell or have an infection . your doctor may decide to keep you under medical observation . if any of these apply to you or the child you are caring for , tell your doctor or pharmacist . take special care with alkindy if : you become unwell ( vomiting ) or seriously unwell , you have just had an injection of hydrocorticosteroid , or you are due to have a vaccination . it is important to keep all of these appointments , so that all of the necessary measures are taken care of you or
always take alkindi exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose is one capsule taken by mouth once daily . doctors will prescribe the dose that is right for you , depending on the severity of illnesses , including surgical operations , which can cause serious stress . your doctor will tell you how many capsules to take each day . the dose may be adjusted by your doctor by up to two capsules per day , or by adding hydrocortisone to make up for a forgotten dose . when to take this medicine the granules should be dissolved in water and swallowed whole . do not chew , crush or split the capsule shell . there are no special dose recommendations for patients 34 years of age and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . based on the dose prescribed for your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any reaction , such as swelling or shortness of breath , whilst being treated with alkindi . these could be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects of alkindis the following side effects have been reported with other hydrocortisone medicines : very common : changes in behaviour , loss of contact with reality , psychosis , sensations such as hallucinations , mental confusion , delirium , overexcitement / overactivity ; mania ( feeling of happiness and excitement ), depressed mood , nervousness , depression , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nightmare , sleepiness , dizziness . uncommon : reactions to medicines such as st . john ' 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . store below 30 . the capsules can be stored for up to 60 days at room temperature ( up to 25 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what alkindi contains - the active substance is hydrocortisone - alli . each capsule 0 . 5 mg hard capsule contains : - one mg of solution for injection , corresponding to 0. 5 milligrams of hydrokortisonne - ataturatur . one capsule : each capsule contains 1 mg ( 1 mg ) of hydrocoratisone ( all ). - each capsule is 2 mg ( 4 mg ). each capsule of 2 mg contains , 1 mg or 5 mg of hydrococortistisone and the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose ( e460 ), hypromellose , magnesium stearate and ethyl cellulose . the capsule is printed with ' h1n1 ' in black ink on the cap , and ' 5 mg ' on the other . 
abasaglar contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin which is made by a ' recombinant dna technology ' process . it is used for the treatment of diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is  a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . insulin gleargine has a long and steady blood - sugar - lowering action .
do not use abasaglar : - if you are allergic to insulin glargine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . follow closely the instructions for dosage , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor and nurse . if your blood sugar is too low ( hypoglycaemia ), follow the guidance for hypogLYcaemia ( see how to use your insulin and insulinetc ). be very careful with your insulin , as this may affect insulin administration . travel before travelling consult your doctor before travelling . you may feel unwell or become ill . illnesses and injuries in the following situations , the management of your diabetes may require a lot of care ( for example , adjustment to
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . abasaglar can be used in combination with toujeo ( insulin glargine 300 units / ml ). these medicines are not interchangeable . the switch from one insulin therapy to another requires medical prescription , medical supervision and blood glucose monitoring . please , consult your doctor for further information . dose based on your life - style and the results of your blood sugar ( glucose ) tests and your previous insulin usage , your doctor will : - determine how much and how often you should take , - tell you when you may need to change your dose , and when to carry out urine tests . when and how much to take ? if your doctor or nurse will tell you what to do , when to take it ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take a note of the information under ' serious and very common ' and ' how likely you will be able to react to your food and drink '. your doctor will tell you how to treat you and will explain how to prevent low blood sugar from coming back . this can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) but can be life - threatening and needs to be monitored . low blood glucose means that there is not enough sugar in your blood if your sugar level falls below the normal level , and you may 53 become unconscious . serious hoarseness can cause brain damage and , if not treated , lead to severe allergic reactions ( rare , may
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the cartridge label after the letters exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze or place next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack . keep the cartridge in the outer carton in order to protect from light . cartridges cartridges should not be stored in the insulin pen . after first opening , the solution can be used for 28 days ( up to 30 days ) after first use . once the cartridge has been drawn out , do not store abasaglar . any unused medicine must be discarded after this time period . it is recommended that the date of the first use be noted on the label , and the carton , as well as the date after which the medicine is to be disposed of . you should record the date
what abasaglar contains - the active substance is insulin glargine . each ml of the solution contains 100 units of the activity insulin gleargine ( equivalent to 3 . 64 mg ).  the other ingredients are : zinc oxide , metacresol , glycerol , sodium hydroxide ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of the ingredients in the kit '), hydrochloric acid , and water for injections . ( see end of section 2 for further information about ingredients ). what the aBasaglare vial looks like and contents of the pack abaseglar 100 units / mL solution for injection is a cartridge containing a clear and colourless solution . it is supplied in a special cartridge , equipped with a lilly insulin pen , which is packed in 
what starlix is starlix contains an active substance called nateglinide . this belongs to a group of medicines called " oral antidiabetics ". what starl is used for starlix helps control the level of sugar in the blood when you have type 2 diabetes . starlix can be taken on its own or with a meal , if your doctor has agreed that metformin is inappropriate or not suitable . metformine is a type of insulin produced by the pancreas . it lowers blood sugar levels . how starlix works starlix lowers the amount of sugar made by your body , and helps to control how your body makes better use of insulin . by doing so , starlix encourages your pancreatics to produce more insulin and thereby lower the levels of blood sugar . you can help control your condition both before and after your treatment . if you have
do not take starlix - if you are allergic to nateglinide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking starlix as it may cause type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) and any symptoms which could be a sign of severe hyperglycaemia ( very high blood sugar ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also " risk of these symptoms " in section 4 ). - excessive thirst , frequent urination , weakness , fatigue , nausea , shortness of breath , and confusion . - you have or have had a severe liver problem . you are pregnant or trying to become pregnant . it is not known if starlix passes into human milk . starlix has not been tested in pregnant women . therefore ,
always take starlix exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual dose of starlix is 60 mg once a day . your doctor may increase your dose to a maximum of 180 mg once per day depending on how you respond to starlix . starlix can be taken with or without food . take the capsules with a glass of water , either at least 1 hour before or 1 hour after a meal . for example , you could take one capsule in the morning and one in the evening . it takes about 30 minutes to figure out the right dose . try to take your daily dose at about the same time each day and this helps you remember to take it . if your doctor prescribes starlix for you , do not change the dose or stop taking it unless your doctor tells you to . swallow
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported with starlix are usually mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) symptoms of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) are : sweating dizziness shaking hunger feeling your heart beating fast feeling sick ( nausea ) tell your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms , as you may need to have lack of food , or are taking any anti - diabetic medicine . it is important to note that a small number of people who have signs or symptoms of undergone treatment , have reported that they were less likely to experience any of them , and that the dose of starlix was higher than that of some people . other side effects include : very common : may affect more than 1in 10 people abdominal pain indigestion feeling weak or lack of
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . this medicine is for single use only . once the blister has been opened , the contents should be used within 30 . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . use any starlix pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering .
what starlix contains - the active substance is nateglinide . each tablet contains 60 mg , 120 mg or 180 mg / 0 . 5 ml of solution when dissolved in water for injections . the other ingredients are : lactose monohydrate ; cellulose ; microcrystalline ; povidone ( k29 / 32 ); croscarmellose sodium ; magnesium stearate and silica , colloidal anhydrous . in addition , the tablet coating contains : hypromellose ; titanium dioxide ( e171 ), talc ; macrogol ( 6000 ); red , opaque , engraved on one side with the number ' 60 ', 180 ' or 120 ' on the other ; iron oxide , yellow , marked on the one side . what star
quadramet is a medicinal product . this radiopharmaceutical is used to treat and treat bone pain in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with your disease . quadramеt works by attaching itself to the skeletal tissue that is involved in the bone lesions . it is used in adults to create a radioactive element , semarium , which emits radiations from the sun . the wavelengths are defined as having a specific target substance in the body called the gamma - gs . when used together , they are obtained from the same samarium and are similar to those from other sources . together they are used to improve the healing process and to reduce bone pain .
do not use quadramet if you are allergic to ethylene diamine tetramethylene phosphonic acid ( edtmp ) or similar phosphonate compounds , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are pregnant . - you are receiving chemotherapy that contains hemibody . warnings and precautions external radiation therapy should be started 6 weeks before the start of the treatment period . before the first dose of quadramеt , blood samples should be taken 8 weeks after treatment to check your platelets , white and red blood cell counts . these should be checked before the therapy is started . follow - up by your nuclear medicine doctor , at least 6 weeks after the injection of quramemet . talk to your doctor if this applies to you . you may be at risk of urine incontinence or urinary obstruction
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will take a special scan of your condition to check that you are getting the right dose of quadramet . the recommended dose is 37 mg megabecquerel ( the patient ' s doctor will calculate the correct dose for you ). read the package leaflet of the medicinal product before you start using quarket and read the instructions for use . read the user manual , which is provided at the end of this leaflet . how do i check your dose and dose ? the usual recommended dose for adults is one injection in the morning and one in the evening . this medicinal product is given by infusion into a vein . it is important that you read and understand the instructions of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse so that you understand what you have been given
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . although not all of these undesirable effects may occur , they may need medical attention if they do occur . at the beginning of quadramet administration there may be a decrease of red and white blood cells and platelets , which may be signs of bleeding . your doctor will monitor your blood counts . during quadramеt injection you may experience a slight increase in bone pain . this may be temporary . a few days after quadramét injection , you should resume your pain medicine immediately . you may also experience adverse drug reactions ( such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , hypersensitivity reactions or anaphylactic reaction ) following quadramement administration . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and usually disappear quite quickly . in some cases you may
keep out of the sight and reach of children . store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in its original packaging in order to protect from light . after first opening , quadramet should be used within 6 hours . storage procedures should be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials .
what quadramet contains - the active substances are samarium and lexidronam pentasodium . each vial contains 1 . 3 mg of the active substance , corresponding to a unit called gbq semen ( apicog algae ). * the other ingredients are : calcium - edtmp sodium salt ( 0 . 25 milligrams / ml ), total sodium , and water for injections . ( see section 2 ). what quadrimet looks like and contents of the pack quadramelet is a solution for injection ( injection ). light amber solution is supplied in a 15ml clear glass vial with teflon - coated chlorobutyl / natural rubber stopper , aluminium flip - off cap and overseal 
zostavax is a vaccine which helps protect your child against shingles ( zoster ) in the following situations : post - herpetic neuralgia ( phn ), the long - lasting nerve pain that follows shingles , has been reported in patients aged 50 years and older . zestavax works by preventing existing shingles from growing and dividing . it helps to reduce the pain caused by existing ones , and helps to prevent shingles in future generations . what are shingles and what is shingles called shingles " shingles are a painful , blistering rash that has spread to other parts of the body , causing severe and long , lasting pain and scarring that can occur in people with bacterial skin infections .
do not receive zostavax - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) - have a blood disorder caused by cancer which affects the immune system 39 - suffer from a weakened immune system as a result of a disease or are taking medicines or other treatment . in active untreated tuberculosis , there is a possibility that you may be pregnant . ( it is recommended to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy , see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : - you have any medical problems , including any allergies , or a fever due to hiv infection ( aids ). your doctor will check you for signs of this before and during your treatment with 
zostavax is given by injection under the skin ( as an injection into a muscle , usually in the upper arm ). if you have a blood clotting disorder , or low levels of platelets in your blood . the injection will be given by your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . it is important that you do this as long as it is safe to do so . your doctor or nurse will show you how to do this . do not inject more than your doctor tells you to . if this happens to you , your doctor will decide how to give the injection , and will give you more information about the injection ( see instructions at the end of this leaflet ). do not shake the skin vigorously as this may affect its activity . as a precautionary measure , the amount of semen released during medical professionals is negligible .
like all vaccines and medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people allergic reactions . some of these reactions may be serious , including difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you have an allergic reaction , stop using the vaccine and tell your doctor immediately . the following side effects have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling or itching at the injection site . common ( might affect upt 1 up to 10 people including warmth , bruising , hard lump and rash at the injecting site *. headache *, pain in the arm or leg *, swelling in the extremities *, fever *, chills *, feeling of warmth . reporting of side effects 23 if your child gets any side effects talk to your doctor 
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light .
what zostavax contains - the active substances are : 1 strain * produced in vero cells ( varicella - zoster virus1 , merck strain : 19 , 400 pfu *** per plaque - 1 dose * propagated in fertilised hens ' eggs from healthy chicken flocks ** powder sucrose , hydrolysed gelatin , sodium chloride , potassium dihydrogen phosphate and potassium chloride * production in yeast cells : monosodium l - glutamate monohydrate , disodium and sodium hydroxide ( 0 . 5 ml ) solvent water for injections . what the vaccine looks like and contents of the pack the vaccine is a powder for suspension for injection contained in a single - dose vial . each pack contains : one vial of powder for solution for injection
nutropinaq contains the active substance somatropin , a recombinant growth hormone ( rhph ). it works by attaching to the cells of the brain and helping to make stronger bones . it also helps to grow and support bones in the body . the result of this is a change in how the cells divide , which is later broken down and expanded into smaller pieces , and is now easier to tolerate . what is turner syndrome ? turninger syndrome is usually a genetic abnormality that occurs when the body has a problem with the sexual chromosome ( the part of the kidneys ). this medicine helps to increase the amount of blood that can be absorbed into cells and helps to keep bones healthy . as a result , the body can produce more blood than it should . this can help to improve the condition of your blood , especially for example lipid
do not use nutropinaq if : you are allergic to somatropin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a problem with your bones that is related to an active tumour ( cancer ). if you have an active 35 tumour . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tumours must be inactive and you must have finished your anti - tumour treatment before you start treatment with nutropineq . this may increase the risk of complications following a major surgery ( open - heart or abdominal surgery ) or a multiple trauma , such as acute respiratory failure , or similar conditions , visual changes , frequent headache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting . treatment may lead to a temporary increase in pressure within the brain . it is important to discuss with your doctor the precautions
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . nutropinaq therapy should be started under the supervision of a physician experienced in the care of patients with growth hormone deficiency . the recommended dose of nutropineq for adults and children of all ages , including the elderly , is : - growth hormone dependent patients ( children and adolescents ) weighing at least 0 . 025 kg ( total bodyweight ) given once daily by injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ). - turner syndrome : the usual starting dose is a nominal dose of 0.05 mg per kg of bodyweight given once every two weeks . injected once daily to the skin( subcutaneous injecting ) in the end of the day . for chronic renal insufficiency , the usual dose is either 0.
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any increase in growth of birthmarks and / or moles ( melanocytic naevus ). this may indicate that you are suffering from a tumour , or that previous tumours have responded to treatment with nutropinaq . the most common side effect ( likely to affect more than 1 in 100 patients ) is visual changes . frequent headaches , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting . these could be symptoms of a temporary increase in pressure within the brain ( intracranial hypertension ). your doctor may decide to monitor you more closely if this happens to you during nutropineq therapy . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect at least 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the cartridge label and the carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . the cartridge can be removed from the refrigerator and left at room temperature for a single period of 28 days ( but not above 2 ) before injection to reach room temperature ( up to 25 ). in this case it must not be put back in the refrigerator . keep the cartridge in the original carton in order to protect from light . use the nutropinaq pen between injections , even when the solution is not clear , colourless or almost colourless , and should not be used if it is cloudy or coloured . throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to
what nutropinaq contains - the active substance is somatropin *. - each ml contains 196 iu ( international units ). - elekines are proteins that are produced naturally in the laboratory by recombinant dna technology ( rdesi ). somropin is a human growth hormone produced in escherichia coli cells . * the other ingredients are : sodium chloride , liquefied phenol , polysorbate 20 , sodium citrate dihydrate , citric acid anhydrous , water for injections . ( see end of section 2 ). what nuclear medicine looks like and contents of the pack nutropineaq is presented as a colourless and clear solution . it is supplied in a cartridge . each pack contains 1 or 3 cartridges to provide a sufficient amount of
the active substance aripiprazole zentiva belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat adults and adolescents aged 15 years and older who suffer from a disease characterised by symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , suspiciousness , mistaken beliefs , incoherent speech and behaviour and emotional flatness . people with this condition may also feel depressed , guilty , anxious or tense . the medicine is intended for adult patients who have come into contact with someone who is a teenager or who is 13 years of age and older . this condition has many characteristics including feeling " high ", having excessive amounts of energy , needing much less sleep than usual , talking very quickly with racing ideas , finding it difficult to concentrate , losing touch with reality , feeling very confused , being very irritable 
do not take aripiprazole zentiva : - if you are allergic to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during treatment with . suicidal thoughts and behaviours have been reported in some patients treated with , and have been confirmed in hospital . tell your doctor immediately , in case of any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . growth and development of your own well - being have been observed during aariprazolation . contact your doctor and follow - up of your situation . you may experience high blood sugar ( characterised by symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) or family history of diabetes fits ( seizures ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 15 mg once a day . however your doctor may prescribe a lower or higher dose to a maximum of 30 mg once daily . use in children and adolescents this medicinal product may be started at a low dose with the oral solution ( liquid ) form . this dose may be gradually adjusted by your doctor to suit your child ' s age . from 10 mg to 30 mg , it is best to take aripiprazole zentiva at the same dose as for adults . do not change the dose without first talking to your doctor . try to take the tablet at about the same time each day , so there is enough medicine in your body to help you remember to take it . you can take your tablet with or without food . 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the effects in this list . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diabetes mellitus , difficulty sleeping , feeling anxious ; feeling restless and unable to keep still ; difficulty sitting still , uncontrollable twitching , jerking or writhing movements ; restless legs ; trembling ; headache ; tiredness ; sleepiness , light - headedness , shaking , blurred vision ; eye irritation ; unusual tiredness or weakness ; night sweats ; increased body temperature ; rapid heartbeat ; abnormal heart beat . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . side effects reported since the launch of 
what aripiprazole zentiva contains - the active substance is : - alfuzose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone type a . - hydroxypropyl cellulose ( e463 ), silica colloidal anhydrous , the tablet coating contains croscarmellose sodium and magnesium stearate , which are trace amounts from the earliest millilitre ( ml ) of the medicine when compared with the rest of the diet . what - affects the amount of acid in the tablet core and the strength is 10 mg . each tablet contains either 5 or 6 tablets in a row . the tablets are approximately 13 mm in diameter , with " apr " on one side and " 5 " on the other side . not all pack sizes may be marketed 
verkazia contains the active ingredient , ciclosporin . ciclisporin improves the response of the body ' s immune ( defence ) system by reducing inflammation and harmful stimuli . verkaizia is used to treat children and adolescents ( aged 4 to 18 years ) with severe vernal keratoconjunctivitis , which is an allergic condition of the eye . it affects the clear layer in the front part of your eye ( the membrane that surrounds the front of our eye ).
verkazia should not be given : - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if your doctor has told you that you have a cancer in or around the eye , such as an eye infection . warnings and precautions before you are given verkaziea , your doctor will check the condition of your eye and recommend any precautions if any of these apply to you . read the information under ' eye conditions ' at the end of this leaflet . see also section 3 . while you are being treated with verkaizia : you may be at increased risk of getting an eye infections . you should be aware that , in rare cases , you could get an eye problem , or have an eye disease , whilst taking verkaza . children and adolescents the use of verka
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many tablets of verkazia treatment to take . the usual starting dose is 10 mg once a day . take the tablets at about the same time every day ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor may decide to increase your dose if necessary . you should swallow the tablets whole , with a glass of water , do not split , crush , or chew the tablets . how to prepare the tablets you will need to take it ( see instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information ). the dose will be calculated by your doctor based on the weight of your child and will vary from person to person . it will take about 4 weeks to find the right dose for your child . preparing verka
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with verkazia . side effects related to the eyes : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain where the drops are put in your eye . common side effect ( may effect up to 1 to 10 people in a 100 ml drop - in the eye : itching , redness , irritation or discomfort in the corner of the eye or feeling like you have something in the eyes not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of
verkazia will be stored by the healthcare professionals at the hospital or clinic . keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the aluminium pouch label and on the carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . store below 30 . single - dose containers should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what verkazia contains - the active substance is ciclosporin . each millilitre of verkaza contains 1 milligram of ciclostarin ( as mesilate ). - other ingredients are medium - chain triglycerides , cetalkonium chloride , glycerol , indigo carmine ( e132 ), tyloxapol , poloxamer 188 , sodium hydroxide ( for ph ) and water for injections . what verkezia looks like and contents of the pack verkaizia is a milky white eye drops emulsion . it is supplied in single - dose containers made of a low - density polyethylene ( ldpe ). each single  dose container contains 0 . 3 ml eye drops and the single 
kymriah contains the t cells of your blood that are important for the cancer cells to grow . once your blood has been modified , the modified t cell can be removed and started growing again . this means that a new set of cells can be grown and grown in order to grow faster and better . from a microbiological point of view , these cells can start growing and multiplying again , and then grow and divide , depending on the size of the tumour and on the number of cancer cells in the blood . the medicine is used to treat patients with b - cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( a type of cancer affecting white blood cells ) who are at risk of passing out of control before they reach the age of 25 years . in this cancer , some patients may be at increased risk of diffuse large b- cell lymphoma ( d
do not use kymriah - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if your doctor thinks you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . before you have been given the medicine you have had a stem cell transplant in the last 4 months . symptoms you may get graft - against - host disease when you attack your body with symptoms such as rash , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , bloody stools , any lung , heart or blood pressure ( low or raised ) problems . the symptoms of your cancer may be leukaemia , such as fever , chills or fever . your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of
kymriah is only used by personnel trained in the use of human blood cells . appropriate precautions ( wearing gloves and glasses ) should be taken to avoid the possibility of infectious diseases . when attempting to donate your own white blood cells ( e . g . vials , catheter placed in your vein , or via a procedure called leukapheresis ) will be carried out to find the right dose for you . before the first dose , a single dose will be administered by infusion into a vein ( intravenously ). this will be done by a doctor or nurse . it will take about 3 to 6 weeks to collect your white blood cell ( s ) and collect them back into the vein . this may take 3 to 4 weeks . for more information , see section " handling instructions ". if you forget to take your dose of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects related to the kymriah infusion are usually mild to moderate and occur at least up to 8 hours after the infusion . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): high fever and chills . these may be symptoms of a serious condition called cytokine release syndrome . other symptoms that may be associated with cytokine release syndrome include : difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , fatigue , muscle pain , joint pain . uncommon ( may effect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor as soon as possible . muscle pain and joint pain have also been reported in patients treated with other medicines that have been given to you for this condition .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the infusion bag after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from light . from a microbiological point of view , unless the product is diluted and is prepared using biotechnology , the product should be used immediately . if the reconstituted product is not administered immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 10 days at 2 - 12 . at the end of this leaflet , any unused medicine or waste should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements .
what kymriah contains each infusion bag contains - the active substance is tisagenlecleucel cell dispersion that contains autologous t cells genetically modified to express an anti - cd19 chimeric antigen receptor ( lgrt ). ntreptept is produced by recombinant dna technology . krynn is a concentrate for solution for infusion containing :  1 million iu / ml ( corresponding to 1 . 2 x 106 ),  6 , 108  t4c , glucose , sodium chloride , human albumin solution ( containing dextran 40 , dimethylsulfoxide ), sodium gluconate ;  sodium acetate , potassium chloride and magnesium
anagrelide mylan contains the active substance anagreslide which belongs to a group of medicines called ' platelets ', which originate from the bone marrow . a decrease in the platelet count in the blood is pronounced in patients with essential thrombocythaemia . essential clombocyteaemia is a condition in which the arrow does not produce enough of the blood cells known as platelets ( plasma cells ). large numbers of platelets in large amounts can cause serious problems with blood circulation and clotting . this is called a ' t2 '.
do not use anagrelide mylan - if you are allergic to anagreslide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if : you have moderate or severe liver problems , you have mild or severe kidney problems . you have not been treated with anagrilide thislan , your heart is not working properly and you are at an increased risk of prolonged qt interval ( seen on ecg , electrical recording of the heart ). you are taking other medicines which may result in a combination of
always take anagrelide mylan exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the usual starting dose is one 1 mg capsule taken once a day . your doctor may adjust this dose up to 0 . 5 mg per day depending on how you respond to the capsules . take your capsules at about the same time each day , one after the other . do not take more than one capsule per day ( e . g . two capsules in the morning and one in the evening ). your doctor will tell you how many capsules to take depending on the results of your blood tests . this is to check that your medicine is working as well as it should . it is also important that you carry on taking it even if your liver and kidneys do not work well . what to do if someone else
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : heart failure which may be fatal : shortness of breath , chest pain , swelling of the legs ( due to fluid build - up ), severe problem with the rate and rate of the heartbeat ( ventricular tachycardia , supraventricular tulazycardia or atrial fibrillation ), inflammation of the pancreas which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ( pancreaticatitis ), vomiting blood or passing bloody or black stools , severe reduction in blood cells which may lead to weakness and bruising . uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 
what anagrelide mylan contains - the active substance is anagrilide . each hard capsule contains anagreslide hydrochloride monohydrate equivalent to 0 . 5 mg anagrélide the other ingredients are lactose , croscarmellose sodium , povidone ( k29 / 32 ), microcrystalline cellulose , magnesium stearate , gelatin and titanium dioxide ( e171 ). see section 2 , " if you have been treated in a hospital " for more information . the other ingredient is lactosese and sodium . what anakrelid mylan looks like and contents of the pack anagrelide mylan is a white to off - white powder , with a covering to protect the capsule from light , and is packaged in hdpe bottles . one bottle contains
miglustat dipharma contains the active substance miglita which belongs to a group of medicines that affect metabolism . it is used to treat mild to moderate type 1 gaucher disease in adults . this is the type of disease most commonly seen in children . in type 1 stânger disease , a substance called glucosylceramide is not removed from your body . when it is first absorbed , it is absorbed by the body as a result of liver and spleen enlargement , changes in the blood , and bone disease . the usual treatment for type 1 grisham disease is enzyme replacement therapy . while most patients are unsuitable for treatment involving enzyme replacement therapy , the doctor will prescribe the most appropriate medicines for the treatment of this condition . if you have any questions or are not sure about how this medicine works or why this medicine has been prescribed for you ,
do not take miglustat dipharma : - if you are allergic to imilustat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 21 talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . before you start taking it 21 , you should tell your doctor if there is anything you do not understand . there is nothing you can do about the effects of miglivat daipharma , including kidney disease . people with liver disease may also experience tingling or numbness in the hands and feet , or a decrease in body weight , whilst taking it . your doctor will check whether this medicine is working for you . if this is the case , your doctor may decide to perform the following tests before starting treatment and before continuing with treatment with miglucat dopharma . you will have an examination to check the nerves
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . for typer 1 gaucher disease : for adults and older people ( over 22 years of age ), the usual dose is one capsule ( 100 mg ) three times a day ( morning , afternoon and evening ). this means a daily maximum of three capsules ( 300 mg ). for niemann - pick type c disease - this means that the daily dose is not exceeded : - for adolescents ( over 12 years old ) your doctor will adjust the dose for children over six months . if your doctor determines that you should take more capsules than he / she tells you to , you will usually take two capsules in the morning and one capsule in the evening . this will be the same dose as for adults , adolescents and children 12 years and older ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most serious side effects some patients have had tingling or numbness in the hands and feet ( seen commonly ). they could be signs of peripheral neuropathy , due to side effects of miglustat dipharma , or they might be due to existing conditions . your doctor will perform some tests before treatment and during treatment with this medicine , to check if the medicine is working for you . sometimes you will have a slight tremor during treatment , usually trembling hands . the tremur often disappears without needing to stop the treatment . some patients may have some residual effects after a short time or completely , but this is usually temporary . it is very important that you talk to your doctor about any effects you might have . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people
what miglustat dipharma contains - the active substance is imilustat 100 mg ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are : capsule content : magnesium stearate . capsule shell : gelatine , titanium dioxide ( e171 ). printing ink : shellac . printing inking : opadry ii white opaque 100 mg capsules : white opaque , imprinted with " iu100 " on one side and plain on the other . the capsules are supplied in pvc / aluminium blister in ain pack size of 84 capsules in non - perforated blisters and 10x1 / 14x1 capsules or in perforation unit dose blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
mycophenolate mofetil teva is a medicine that is used to suppress immune activity . the active substance in this medicine is recombinant coagulation factor viii , a substance that is known to be involved in the genesis of disease . my cophenolate mafetil is used for the treatment of your body rejecting a transplanted kidney , heart or liver . it is used in combination with other medicines with a similar function ( i . e . ciclosporin and corticosteroids ).
warning mycophenolate mofetil teva will only be prescribed to you by a doctor with experience in the treatment of birth defects and miscarriage . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given by your doctor . your doctor will speak to you and give you written information , particularly on the effects on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . do not change the dose unless your doctor considers it safe for you to continue . you should not be given my cophenolate . see also further information in this section under " warnings and precautions " and " pregnancy , contraception and breast - feeding ". talk to your doctor before you take myCophenolate mafetil toeva , if : you or your partner is allergic to mycophéate mo
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your treatment will be overseen by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients . mycophenolate mofetil teva should be given as an injection into your body . kidney transplant adults the first dose will be given within 72 hours after the transplant operation . the recommended daily dose is 8 capsules ( 2 g of the active ingredient ) taken as 2 separate doses . this means taking 4 capsules in the morning then 4 capsule in the evening . children and adolescents ( aged 2 to 18 ) the dose given will depend on body surface area ( height and weight ). the recommended dose is 600 mg / m2 taken twice a day . heart transplant adults : take the initial dose ( 720 mg ) 2 capsules per day ( morning and evening ) within
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a nurse or a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you have a sign of infection such as a fever or sore throat you have any unexpected bruising or bleeding , for example , a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , angioeodema ). you have black or bloody stool or vomit blood or dark particles that look like bleeding in the stomach or intestines . certain side effects may be serious . ask your doctor for advice on what you can do to help prevent or treat these effects . this includes any possible side effects not
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the bottle label after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what mycophenolate mofetil teva contains - each hard capsule contains 250 mg . - the other ingredients are : capsule content pregelatinised maize starch povidone k - 30 croscarmellose sodium magnesium stearate capsule shells cap indigo carmine ( e132 ) titanium dioxide [ e171 ] capsule shell shells gelatin body red iron oxide( e172 ) yellow iron oxide ( е172 ] titanium dioxide (  e 171 ) gelatin and ink printing ink : shellac , black iron oxide (" e180 ), propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide , concentrated ( only in a 100 mg capsule ). what mycolphenolate mafetil toeva looks like and contents of the pack hard capsules - capsule content : light blue opaque printed in black
ryzodeg is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . it is used when your blood sugar level is not sufficiently controlled with this medicine , which is essentially a substitute for insulin ( basal insulin ). insulin degludec is a type of medicine that helps to lower blood sugar , especially after meals . as a result , it is replaced with more rapid - acting insulin ( insulin aspart ) which helps to control your blood glucose .
do not use ryzodeg : - if you are allergic to insulin degludec , insulin aspart or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . follow all your diet and lifestyle advice carefully , as described in this leaflet . - you should avoid high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for low blood sugar in section 4 . in case you have high blood glucose ( hyperglycemia ) your doctor will tell you how to switch from that type of sugar to higher than usual , followed by a diet and exercise plan . see also under ' very common problems ' in this section . children and adolescents - this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents under 18
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is blind or have poor eyesight . use in children and adolescents do not use the flextouch pre - filled pen without help . your doctor will tell you how much ryzodeg to use and how often to use it . do not refill the pen unless your doctor tells you to do so . read the " instructions for use " provided in the box at the end of this leaflet for more information . how much to use the dose is one 180 ml pen once a day ( 1 unit ). take the pen at about the same time each day . this will help you remember when to check your blood sugar level . when to inject RYzodg inject ryezodesg in the same way as with insulin .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). it may be serious . if your blood sugar level falls too much you may become unconscious . serious hypogLYcaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , see ' warnings and precautions ' at the end of this leaflet . you can still pass on hiv when you start using ryzodeg , but it is not known how many people it can cause . it is important to regularly measure your blood glucose level . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : signs of a serious allergic reaction - your body may not make enough insulin to treat it . the
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pen label and carton after ' exp '. store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . keep away from the freezer compartment . when you are not using the pen , keep the cap on and keep the pen in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after first opening or if carried as a spare you can carry your ryzodeg pre - filled pen ( flextouch ) with you and keep it at room temperature ( not above 30 ) or within 8 hours ( but above 25 ). throw away the pen as soon as you have used it , even if it is not used within 4 hours . throw away any used pens that have been used . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use .
what ryzodeg contains - the active substances are insulin degludec and insulin aspart . one ml of solution contains 100 units of insulin deGludec ( as measured in 2 . 56 mmol / m ). each pre - filled pen contains 1 . 05 iu ( 23 micrograms ) of insulin ASpart in 1 , 0 . 25 millilitres of solution . ( 1 : 1 %) solution for injection .) the other ingredients are : - component of the pack size is 300 units ( 3 milligrams in a vial ), - particulates - components of the vial are glycerol , metacresol ( e1202 ) and phenol ( 4 . 1 %, sodium chloride , zinc acetate , hydrochlor
the active substance in krystexxa is pegloticase . pegloticse is a substance produced by biotechnology . it belongs to a group of substances called " uric acid crystals ". it is used to treat severe long - term gout , which is associated with painful deposits of urc acid cristals under the skin , in adult patients who are not adequately responsive to anti - gover medicines . your doctor will determine what treatment is needed , and how often it should be given , depending on how well your body is working . uric acid deposits can lead to crystals in joints , kidneys , or other organs that can cause profound pain , redness , swelling , inflammation . the active ingredient in ketonexxa , urate , is reacted to the action of an enzyme called uri
do not take krystexxa - if you are allergic to pegloticase or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : - you have a rare blood problem , such as glucose or phosphate dehydrogenase ( g6pd ) deficiency , or favism ( a form of g5pd that can affect the way that your body breaks down glucose ). if this applies to you , your doctor may need to change your dose . if your doctor thinks you may need further treatment with your doctor before starting treatment . your doctor will monitor your uric acid level and , if necessary , you may suffer from heart failure , because you may be treated with an enzyme de
krystexxa will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of an experienced doctor . if you have severe chronic gout , your doctor will decide on the correct dose . the usual dose is one infusion ( 0 . 5 mg ) once a day . your doctor may decide to keep you under observation . use in children and adolescents the recommended dose in children is 8 mg / kg . patients with kidney disease will receive a lower dose of one vial . in this case , the doctor may reduce the dose of the other medicine you are given , such as an antihistamine or paracetamol ( a corticosteroid ). this may increase the risk of infusion - related reactions . this treatment can be used together with these medicines . detailed instructions for use and handling are given at the end of this package leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects some patients have had severe acute allergic reactions ( infusion reactions ) and gout flares during treatment with krystexxa . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious sides of the medicine : severe allergic reactions such as fainting , sudden drop in blood pressure and cardiac arrest may occur . allergic reactions can happen within 2 hours of the infusion . there may also be a swelling of the throat , tongue or other part of your body tightness ofthe throat ; hoarse voice ; trouble swallowing . it is important to read the information later in this section under " warnings and precautions ".
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the diluted solution should be used immediately after preparation . if not used immediately , the solution may be stored up to 4 hours at 2oc to 8oc , unless dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions . this medicine must not be used if you notice any particles or discolouration prior to administration . it is recommended that the concentrated solution is diluted before use .
what krystexxa contains the active substance is pegloticase . one ml of concentrate contains 8 mg of pegloticse ( 8 mg in the vial ). the other ingredients are : concentrate : disodium hydrogen phosphate dihydrate , sodium dihydrogen phosphonate dihydrate ( e331 ), sodium chloride , and water for injections . ( see section 2 ) what you need to know before you are given karystexa : what the concentrate for solution for infusion is a clear , colourless to slightly opalescent colourless solution . each pack contains 1 single - use glass vial ( 0 . 5 mL ).
edarbi contains an active substance called azilsartan medoxomil and belongs to a class of medicines called angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ( aiiras ). angioTENsin ini is a substance produced in your body which causes the blood vessels to tighten , therefore increasing your blood pressure . ederbi blocks this effect so that the blood vessels relax , which lowers your bloodpressure . this medicine is used for treating high blood pressure ( essential hypertension ) in adult patients over 18 years of age . it is used if a reduction in your blood tension is needed , and treatment should be continued for at least 4 months .
do not take edarbi : - if you are allergic to azilsartan medoxomil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . it is important that you tell your doctor before starting treatment if : you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid this medicine in early pregnancy - see pregnancy section ). you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of these apply to you , tell your dentist before taking ederbi ( see pregnancy and breast - feeding ) - you have kidney problems or you are receiving dialysis or have had a recent kidney transplant . you have severe liver disease , you have heart problems ( e 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of edarbi is one tablet a day . swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . your doctor may decide to give you a lower dose , for example , a 40 mg tablet or a 80 mg tablet , depending on blood pressure response . the usual dose is two 20 mg tablets per day , in the morning and one 20 mg tablet in the evening . patients with mild or moderate liver disease the usual starting dose is three 20 mg capsules per day ( 1 tablet ). patients who recently have lost body fluids such as vomiting or diarrhoea may need a higher dose of 20 mg , especially if they suffer other coexisting illnesses such
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking edarbi and seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), which may include difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ), itching of the skin with raised lumps . other possible side effects are listed below : common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , increased blood creatine phosphokinase , muscle damage . uncommon side effects which may affect 1 to 10 in 100 people : vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , pain in joints and muscles ( arthralgia
what edarbi contains - the active substances are azilsartan medoxomil ( as potassium ) ederbi 20 mg / 20 mg film - coated tablets : each tablet contains 20 milligrams of azilusartan médoxon ( as potassium ) ankarbi 40 mg ( 40 millilitres ) azilsiter medoxormil( aspotassium 1 , 000 mg ) and 80 mg ( 80 milligramms / 10 ml ). the other ingredients are mannitol , fumaric acid , sodium hydroxide , hydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), croscarmellose sodium , microcrystalline cellulose , and magnesium stearate . all strengths of the tablet core are expressed in international units ( iu ) ( 
raptiva is a systemic psoriasis medicine . it is used in patients who are already receiving systemic therapies ( medicines that work in different ways to prevent and reduce inflammation ). it is also used to treat adults with moderate to severe chronic plaque pnosis that has not improved on its own . the active substance in this medicine , efalizumab , is derived from the needle content of a medicine called ' csk9 '. the other active ingredient in the kit contains the active ingredient , which is acetylsalicylic acid . its mechanism of action is not completely understood , and it can be used in adults and children who are not able to tolerate the effects of systemsic therapies , such as medicines called ciclosporin , methotrexate or puva . your doctor has prescribed rap
you should not be given raptiva : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to efalizumab or any of the other ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether you have ever had any cancer , including active tuberculosis or other severe infections . symptoms of an infection may include fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems or a bad cough ( see section 2 for more information ). - you might get pain in the chest , coughing up blood or developing sputum . - as with other types of psoriasis ( or plaque pnoriaisis ), your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . tell your doctor as soon as possible if
always use raptiva exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage for adults ( over 65 years of age ) the recommended dose is 0 . 7 ml once a day , for injections of up to 1 . 0 mg / kg each day . after therapy has been initiated , the dose may be gradually increased over a period of 12 months . duration of therapy your doctor will determine the duration of treatment and length of treatment . the doctor will decide how long you should be treated , and for how long , with each injection . use in children and adolescents the doctor may adjust the dose and frequency of treatment according to the child ' s body weight , based on the child and the adult dose . method and route of administration rtiva is injected under the skin . this is the
like all medicines , raptiva can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects listed in this section are defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common side effects that may affect up to 1 to 10 users in 100 uncommon side effects those who may affect 1 to10 users in 1 , 000 rare side effects the following may affect more than1 user in10 ,000 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common reported side effects are : common : affects less than 1 patient in 10 but more than 10 patients in 10 and more , very rare reported side effect that may be seen in tests is : in a 10 - day period very rare : effect of less than1 patient in10 even if you have reported them , you should tell your doctor . very common - affects at least 1 user
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use raptiva after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what raptiva contains - the active substance is efalizumab . each vial contains 125 mg / ml ( 90mg ) of  elbasvir e487 .  the other ingredients are : polysorbate 20 , histidine ( e334 ), histamine hydrochloride monohydrate , and sucrose ( see end of section 2 ). - each pre - filled syringe of solvent for solution for injection contains : water for injection ( see section 2 for reconstitution of powder ). the contents of the pack ractiva is provided as a powder and solvent for solutions for injection . the powder is a white to off - white cake or powder . it is available in packs containing 1 vial of powder and 1 ready to use solvent together with 1 sterile water for
- levetiracetam is an antiepileptic medicine ( a medicine used to treat seizures in epilepsy ).  it is used by adults and adolescents of 16 years of age and older with newly diagnosed epileptic epilepsy , to treat a certain form of epileps .  a person whose condition has not been previously treated , has a history of repeated fits ( seizures ). in this form of the medicine , one fits first affects only one side of the brain , but could thereafter extend to larger areas on both sides of your brain ( partial onset seizure with or without secondary generalisation ). levetiractam has been given to you by your doctor to reduce the number of fits . in this case , you may also be given other antiepitileptic medicines to treat ( if you have , or have had , partial
do not take levetiracetam actavis group - if you are allergic to the active substance , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before and while taking the tablet if : - you suffer from kidney problems , follow the instructions for the slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiractam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . you should contact your doctor immediately if your child has any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , including irregular heart rhythm ( visible on an electrocardiogram ), or if someone else in your family has a disease and you are undergoing a treatment
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take the number of tablets following your doctor ' s instructions . levetiracetam actavis group should be taken in the evening , once daily . monotherapy dose in adults and adolescents ( from 16 years of age ): use the 10 ml syringe provided in the box for injection . the dose is divided into two equal doses . use in children and adolescents 4 years and over the recommended starting dose of levetiratetam actingavis grup is 5 mg once daily ( morning dose ). this dose is 15 mg given every other day as 1 dose in the morning . when given as 1st dose , two doses should be given at the same time each day . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . you will
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ); flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with amlodipine ) ( see also section 2 ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after ' exp '. this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after first opening , the medicine may be stored for 7 days at room temperature ( 20 - 25 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what levetiracetam actavis group contains - the active substance is called " acesulfame potassium ( e219 )". each vial contains 100 milligrams of dulbecco ' s modified eagles medium ( recombinant coagulation factor xiii [ g - csf ])- the other ingredients are : sodium citrate , citric acid monohydrate , methyl parahydroxybenzoate ( е218 ), propyl parahydroxybectoate ( 1 : 1 ), ammonium glycyrrhizate ( a )- sulphonyl citrate ( ph - 135 ), syringe ( ii ))- 3 - infusion solvent : gycerin
esperoct contains the active substance turoctocog alfa pegol , a long - acting recombinant coagulation factor viii product . factor ix is a protein produced naturally in the body necessary for bleeding to stop . esperact is used to treat and prevent bleeding in patients 12 years of age and older with haemophilia a ( inborn factor vii deficiency ). there is insufficient data on the functioning of this patient , and on the basis of which factor ii is missing or does not work properly , so it is used in normal clinical trials to determine whether or not it is necessary to use esperocht . this product is used for the treatment of : adults , adolescents , children and infants aged 12 years and above who are at high risk of bleeding ; they are also taking factors vii
do not use esperoct - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or if your doctor is allergic to hamster proteins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using esperact . this medicine should not be used in combination with factor viii medicines . it is possible that inhibitors ( antibodies ) may form an increased risk for allergic reactions , such as a severe and sudden allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylactic reaction ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor or nurse immediately , as allergic reactions including rash , hives , weals , itching of large areas of skin , redness , swelling of lips , tongue , face or hands , difficulty in swallowing or breathing may
treatment with esperoct will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the recommended dose is 43 micrograms given once a month , into a vein , depending on your body weight . prevention of a bleeding the dose will be gradually increased over time . bleeding adults the usual dose is for adults and adolescents aged 12 years and older weighing 50 kg or more . your doctor will calculate the dose you need and will tell you how many capsules you need to use and for how long . use in children the doctor will decide the dose and frequency of injection based on your child ' s weight , body weight and the factor viii levels to be achieved . it is usually given every 4 weeks , but sometimes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) stop taking esperoct immediately and seek medical attention if severe and sudden allergic reactions occur ( anaphylactic reactions ). an allergic reaction may include difficulty in swallowing or breathing wheezing chest tightness redness and swelling of the lips , tongue , face or hands rash , hives or weals , itching pale and cold skin , fast heartbeat , dizziness , and low blood pressure . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people . if you experience any of these , get medical help immediately . possible side effects are listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , such as cough , runny or stuffy nose , cold sores
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after reconstitution , the powder should be used immediately . chemical and physical in - use stability of the solution has been demonstrated for 8 hours at refrigerated temperature ( 20 - 25 ). esperoct may be stored for up to 12 hours at room temperature ( up to 40 ) in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ) for a maximum of 3 hours . if reconstitution is performed the powder is not being used until the reconstituted solution is ready to use . it should be protected from light , and discarded if it is not used within 24 hours if kept in the refrigerator . the total time between reconstitution and administration should not exceed 24 hours at 2
what esperoct contains - the active substance is turoctocog alfa pegol ( pegylated human coagulation factor viii ). each vial of esperact contains nominally 500 , 1000 , 1500 , 2000 or 3000 iu of uroctcog all in one ml .  the other ingredients are l - histidine , sucrose , polysorbate 80 , sodium chloride , l- methionine , calcium chloride dihydrate and sodium hydroxide ( e524 ), hydrochloric acid , water for injections . reconstitution by recombinant dna technology , the technology for injection contains genetically modified organisms ( gmos ). the technology supports reconstitution and stabilisation in the sterile process .
emend contains the active substance aprepitant . it belongs to a group of medicines called " neurokinin 1 ( nk1 ) receptor antagonists ". it is given in the form of antiemetics ( antinauseants ) to stimulate the brain ' s natural defences . this helps to prevent nausea and vomiting occurring after surgery .
do not take emend : - if you are allergic to aprepitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse before and during treatment with this medicine , if any of these apply to you . - you have liver disease . your liver is the most important organ in your body . the liver does not work properly when removing waste products from your food . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years of age because the 40 mg capsules have not been tested and are not suitable for use in children , adolescents or adults . other medicines and e mend there is limited experience with the use of this medicinal product . talk with your doctor before taking this medicine with other medicines . this medicine is not recommended to be taken with a meal or drink . taking 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended oral dose of emend is 40 mg per day , for 3 consecutive days prior to anaesthesia . swallow the tablets with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablets .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking emend and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : hives , rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known ). this may indicate that you may be having an allergic reaction . other side effects may include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased amount of liver enzymes in your blood ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). uncommon side effects which may affect more than 1 in 100 people : upper stomach pain ; bowel sounds abnormal ; dry mouth ; nausea ; diarrhoea ; feeling sick ( nausea ); being sick ( vomiting ); loss of appetite ; increase in bilirubin ( a
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton , bottle or blister after " exp ". store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions . emend is for single use only and once opened , the capsule should be used immediately .
what emend contains - the active substance is aprepitant . each tablet contains 40 mg of aprépitant ( as besilate ). - other ingredients are : sucrose , microcrystalline cellulose ( e 460 ), hydroxypropylcellulose( e 1203 ), sodium laurilsulfate , gelatin , titanium dioxide (  e 171 ), shellac , potassium hydroxide , black iron oxide ( only in black ) and yellow iron oxide , all in the 40 mg tablets . what amend looks like and contents of the pack each pack contains one 40 mg tablet in aluminium blister . one carton contains 40 tablets in either white to off - white tablets or one 5 x 10 mm plastic bottles , or in hdpe bottles . all pack sizes may not be marketed 
you should not be given cyltezo if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe infection , including tuberculosis ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if symptoms of infections ( e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ) occur . you have moderate or severe heart failure . there is a serious heart condition which could potentially life - threatening . warningsand precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine if : you have had problems with your immune system , or you think you are at risk of developing antibodies . your doctor will check you for signs of allergic reactions with symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : rheumatoid arthritis psoriatic arthritis ankylosing spondylitis or axial schoenyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylose . children and adolescents with rhoed arthritis including acute myelodysplastic syndrome , who are unable to tolerate methotrexate . when cyltezo is given alone , your doctor will decide the correct dose based on your child ' s weight . if your doctor determines that the appropriate dose is appropriate , the doctor may give you a lower dose , such as a single dose of adalimumab . all doses should be given to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 4 months after the last cyltezo injection . seek medical attention urgently if you notice any of the following severe rash , hives or other signs of allergic reaction ; 78 swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible if your doctor considers that the potential benefit outweighs the risk of infection ; fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or generally unwell . dental problems such as burning on
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label / blister / carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2c 8c ). do not freeze . keep the pre - filled syringe in the outer carton in order to protect from light . alternative storage : when needed ( for example when you are travelling ), a single cyltezo pre- filled siringe may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a maximum period of 14 days be sure to protect it from direct sunlight . once removed from the refrigerator for room temperature storage , the yyyrr should be used within 14 days or discarded , even if it is returned to the refrigerator . you should record the date when the tyro is first removed from refrigerator and the
what cyltezo contains the active substance is adalimumab . the other ingredients are sodium acetate trihydrate ; glacial acetic acid , trehalose dihydrate , polysorbate 80 , and water for injections . ( see section 2 ). what the crylezo pre - filled syringe looks like and contents of the pack clyltzo 40 mg solution for injection in vials is supplied as a 0 . 8 ml clear and colourless to slightly opalescent solution . each vial contains 40 mg of adenolab ( as saxasame ). the carton contains 1 , 2 , 4 or 6 pre  filled pens ( 2 x 4 ) with or without needles ( 6 x 225 mg 
fampridine accord is a medicine used to improve walking in adults , adolescents and children with multiple sclerosis ( ms ). it reduces walking disability in adults of all ages . in multiplesclerosis , inflammation destroys the protective sheath around the nerves , leading to muscle weakness , muscle stiffness and difficulty walking . the active substance fAMPridineaccord belongs to a group of medicines called potassium channel blockers . they work by stopping potassium leaving the nerve cells which have been damaged , improving the quality of the nerve .
do not take fampridine accord if you :  are allergic to famridine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 )  have a seizure , or have ever had a seizures ( also called a convulsion ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have moderate or severe kidney problems you are taking a medicine called cimetidine accord or any other medicine ( see ' other medicines ' below ) you are not sure if any of these apply to you . you may be more likely to get serious side effects while you are being treated with f ampridine Accord . the risk of experiencing more problems may be increased when you are treated with other medicines such as : high blood pressure , problems with your heartbeat ( palpitations )
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of fampridine accord is 2 mg once a day , taken as one 4 mg tablet . your doctor may increase the dose to 2 mg or 4 mg depending on how you respond to the treatment . use in children and adolescents dosing for children 12 years of age and older , adolescents and adults weighing at least 12 kg can take the adult dose of one tablet twice daily . do not give this medicine to children less than 12 years old , unless your doctor determines that it is safe to do so . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you may take your tablet with or without food . this will help to reduce the risk of side effects . if a child swallows some tablets , contact your doctor immediately to get advice .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have a seizure during treatment with fampridine accord , stop taking the medicine and tell your doctor immediately . the following allergic ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms may occur : swollen face , mouth , lips , throat or tongue , reddening or itching of the skin , chest tightness and breathing problems . stop taking your medicine and call your doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately : side effects are listed below by frequency : very common side effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people : urinary tract infection . common reported side effects might affect up to 1in 10 people: flu - like symptoms . diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , flatulence . reporting of side
what fampridine accord contains - the active substance is famridine . each prolonged - release tablet contains 10 mg of fAMPridine ( equivalent to 25 mg ).  the other ingredients are : hypromellose ( e464 ); silica , colloidal anhydrous ; cellulose microcrystalline ; magnesium stearate . - tablet coating : indigo carmine ( k29 / 32 ), talc , hydroxypropyl alcohol partially hydrolysed , poly ( vinyl alcohol ) and poly( vinyl alcohol pre - dissolved ). tablet coat : poly( 3 pctf - 33 )); macrogol( e1521 ); all in the bevel - edged , film coated tablets . approximate diameter : 13 . 1 mm x 8
caelyx pegylated liposomal is an antitumour agent which can help to kill tumour cells if they have cancer of the breast , if you have heart problems , too . caellyx peggylate liposomel is used in adults to treat : a type of carcinoma of the ovary . it works in the opposite way to kill cancer cells by stopping the tumour from growing and dividing . in addition to this , caeyx peggedyllated lipasomal can be used in combination with another medicine , called bortezomib , for the treatment of multiple myeloma ( a cancer ofthe blood ) that has come back or has not responded to at least 1 prior therapy . cps is used if your kaposi ' s sarcoma
do not use caelyx pegylated liposomal - if you are allergic to doxorubicin hydrochloride or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you start any treatment for heart disease or liver disease , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . you should not be diabetic . do not take caeyx peggylate liposomel if your diabetes is not controlled with caeposi ' s sarcoma , or if the spleen removed , sores or discolouration , have any discomfort in your mouth , and are not recommended . children and adolescents caellyx pegasial is not recommended for use in children or adolescents below the age of 18 years , as there is no experience with
caelyx pegylated liposomal will be given to you in combination with doxorubicin hydrochloride . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor . the usual dose is used to treat breast cancer and ovarian cancer : the recommended dose of caeyx peggylate liposome is 50 mg / m2 of your body surface area . this is calculated from your height and weight . it is given once every 4 weeks . your doctor may change the dose and frequency of the treatment depending on your response to multiple myeloma . patients who have had at least 1 prior therapy and who were treated before , the recommended starting dose was 30 mg for each square metre of your surface area ( your heightand weight ), administered once every week through a 1 hour intravenous infusion ( 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the infusion of caelyx pegylated liposomal you may experience severe allergic reaction , which may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , itchy rash , or hives ( inflamed or narrowed airways in the lungs ), coughing , wheezing and shortness of breath . this can also be a sign of asthma , flushing . sweating or chills , and a fever . chest pain or discomfort . uncommon side effects this may affect up to 1 in 100 people . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use caelyx pegylated liposomal after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). do not freeze . after dilution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 to 8 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . however , if not used right away , it should be disposed of according to local requirements . the 24 hour period must not exceed 2 hours in the original package , even if it is later returned to the refrigerated storage . thawed product : this medicine must not be used if precipitation or any other particulate matter is observed .
what caelyx pegylated liposomal contains - the active substance is doxorubicin hydrochloride . each vial of caeyx paegyllated lipsosoma contains 2 mg of doxORubicIN hydrocholine ( in a peglylated lipsaal formulation ). the other ingredients are ( see section 2 : distearoyl - sn ]- glycero[ phosphooxy] ethylcarbamoyl )- methoxypoly ( oxyethinesslen ) - sodium salt ( mpeg - dospe ), fully hydrogenated soy phosphatidylcholine( hspc ), cholesterol , ammonium sulphate , sucrose , histidine ,
eptifibatide accord inhibits platelet aggregation , which means that it helps to prevent blood clots from forming . it is used in adults with manifestation of severe coronary insufficiency defined as spontaneous and recent chest pain with electrocardiographic abnormalities or biological changes . the usual doses are aspirin and unfractionated heparin .
do not take eptifibatide accord : - if you are allergic to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have recently had bleeding from your stomach , intestines , bladder or other organs ; you have abnormal blood in your stool or urine ( except from menstrual bleeding ) in the past 30 days . you have had a stroke within 30 days of any haemorrhagic stroke , including any stroke that was not caused by a brain tumour or any blood vessel to the brain . - you had severe injury during the past 6 weeks . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under the age of 18 years . other medicines
eptifibatide accord will be given to you intravenously ( into a vein ) as an infusion ( drip solution ). the dose given is based on your weight . the recommended dose is 180 microgram / kg administered as a bolus ( rapid intravenous injection ), followed immediately by an injection ( drip solutions ), which will take approximately 2 hours ( approximately 72 hours ). if you have kidney disease , the infusion dose may be reduced to 1 microgram per kilogram of body weight administered per minute . if percutaneous coronary intervention ( pci ) is performed at an intermediate dose , it will be discontinued . your doctor will determine how long you should be treated for . during epitheresis , your doctor may decide to increase your dose or temporarily stop eptibati accord therapy . depending on your response to the intravenous
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - major bleeding ( including blood in urine , blood in stool , vomiting blood , bleeding during and after surgical procedures ) - anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells ). common side effect ( may effect up to 1 to 10 users in a 100 ml injection ), inflammation of a vein . uncommon side effects (" may affect up to1 in 100 people ") include platelets ( blood cells necessary for blood clotting ) and reduced blood flow to the brain . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data )* very rare side effects* - allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), blood
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep vial in the outer package in order to protect from light . once reconstituted , eptifibatide accord solution should be used immediately . however , in case of discoloration the solution is clear , practically free from particles .
what eptifibatide accord contains - the active substance is eptibate . one ml of solution for infusion contains 0 . 75 milligrams ( mg ) ( 100 mg infusion ). one vial contains 75 mg ( 9 . 5 millilitres ) of eptimibatide .  the other ingredients are citric acid monohydrate , sodium hydroxide and water for injections . ( see section 2 .) what you need to know before you use eptificatibatibatitide accord . what the vial looks like and contents of the pack eptIfibatides accord 0. 75 mg / mL solution for injection ( 100 microlitres in vial ) is supplied in a pack containing : o a vial with ent - 75ml clear , colourless solution
ebixa contains the active substance memantine hydrochloride . it belongs to a group of medicines known as anti - dementia medicines . memory loss in alzheimer ' s disease is due to  a disturbance of message signals in the brain . the brain contains so - called n - methyl- d - aspartate ( nmda )- receptors that are involved in transmitting nerve signals important in learning and memory . a brain that is affected by these signals is made up of receptors important for the treatment and reception of these signals and thereby improve the memory and the memory in patients with moderate to severe celzheimers ' disease .
do not take ebixa : - if you are allergic to memantine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the medicine if any of these apply to you . there is a small chance that you may be more at risk of epileptic seizures . you have recently had a myocardial infarction ( heart attack ), or you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of a drug like this one ( 002625 ) to a maximum dose of 37 . 0 mg / kg / min . in certain situations , your doctor may wish to monitor you more closely 62 in case of renal impairment ( kidney problems ).
always take ebixa exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dosage the recommended dose for adults and older people is 20 mg once a day . in order to reduce the risk of side effects this dose is achieved gradually by the following daily treatment scheme : week 1 half a 10 mg tablet week 2 one and a half 10 mg tablets week 3 and beyond two 10 mg / 5 mg tablets the usual starting dose for the first week is half - tablet ( 1x 5 mg ) in the second week and may be increased to one tablet ( 10x 1 x 2 ) for the third week . from the fourth week on , the usual dose is two tablets ( 20 mg ). dose in patients with impaired kidney function if your kidney function is impaired , your doctor will decide upon a dose that suits your condition . if this
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function tests , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity uncommon ( effect affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ), - tiredness . - fungal infections , - confusion , hallucinations , vomiting . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the following side effects have been observed with ebixa : very common : - lower number of red blood cells , which may result in fatigue and / or increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver
what ebixa contains - the active substance is memantine hydrochloride . - each film - coated tablet contains 10 mg meMANtine hydrochaloride equivalent to 8 . 31 mg memanntine . the other ingredients are microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , colloidal anhydrous silica , and magnesium stearate , all in the tablet core ; and hypromellose , macrogol 400 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and iron oxide yellow . each tablet measures 37 . 1 mm in diameter and is 65 years or older . what eats to date - all pack sizes may be available in your country - wide , multipacks comprising four cartons , each containing one bottle , with child - resistant caps , in cartons of 14 , 28 or
prometax contains an active substance called rivastigmine . rivostagmine belongs to a class of substances called cholinesterase inhibitors . in patients with alzheimer ' s dementia or dementia due to parkinson 's disease , certain nerve cells die in the brain , resulting in low levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine ( a substance that allows nerve cells to communicate with each other ). rivettastigmin works by blocking the enzymes that break down acetatetyloscholine : ace tylitoncholineesterase and butyrylcholineSterase . by blocking these enzymes , promentax can help to increase the levels of acetting in your brain and help reduce the symptoms of alzheer - s disease and dementia associated with dementia .
do not take prometax : - if you are allergic to rivastigmine ( the active substance in promentax ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if there is a skin reaction spreading beyond the patch size , there may be a more intense local reaction ( such as blisters , increasing skin inflammation , swelling ) and it may need to be monitored for 48 hours after removal of the transdermal patch . if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not use promatax . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using proetax the following are reasons why this medicine may not be suitable for you : irregular or slow heartbeat . there is also an active stomach ulcer , difficulties in passing urine , seizures , asthma or severe respiratory disease , or impaired kidney function . talk to
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how to start treatment your doctor will tell you what dose of prometax to take . treatment usually starts with a low dose which will be gradually increased over the course of treatment . the highest dose that should be taken is 6 . 0 mg twice a day . depending on your condition and weight , your doctor may need to adjust the dose . you should not take more than three days to find the right dose for you , but talk to your doctor first . taking this medicine - take the tablet with food , in the morning and evening , with or without food . take the same dose every day , at about the same time each day and in between meals . swallow the tablet whole . do not break , crush or chew the tablet . it is important
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea uncommon ( might affect up to 1 in 100 people ), anxiety sweating headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired , feeling weak tests may also show : increased liver enzyme levels in your blood common : imbalance of various blood minerals such as bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver , fat or cholesterol . uncommon : ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) hearing things
what prometax contains the active substance is rivastigmine hydrogen tartrate . the other ingredients are : hypromellose , magnesium stearate , microcrystalline cellulose , colloidal anhydrous silica . ingredients of the capsule shell : gelatin , yellow iron oxide , red iron oxide ( e172 ), titanium dioxide , and shellac . each prometax 1 . 5 mg pre - filled pen contains 1 , 5 mg of rivagastigmin . one dose of each promenadium contains 3 . 0 mg proprietor , equivalent to 3 , 075 mg debossed with the company logo and the boehringer ingelheim logo on the other side , as well as engravings of the product code " r ". the product is available in three strengths , which are equivalent to
lyrica belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy , neuropathic pain and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults , adolescents and children . peripheral and central neuropathy pain : -  Lyrica is used to relieve long lasting pain caused by damage to the nerves . a variety of diseases can cause peripheral neuralopathic pain , such as diabetes or shingles . pain sensations may be described as hot , burning ; throbbing , shooting , stabbing ; sharp , cramping , and aching and tingling . not everyone responds to pain relief .
you must not be given lyrica : - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given LYrica as some patients have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . - in some cases , patients have experienced dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . in these situations , the doctor may decide to reduce the dose , stop the use of the medicine and see you as soon as possible . you should also tell your doctor if any of those above apply to you 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will determine the dose of lyrica to take . peripheral and central neuropathic pain , epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . you will usually take your dose in the morning and evening . alternatively , you may take it with or without food . swallow the capsules whole with a glass of water . it is recommended that you take your capsules with or just before breakfast . for children and adolescents , it is preferable to take the dose early . in some cases , your doctor may prescribe a lower dose of 150 mg or 600 mg , depending on
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common ; may affect up to 1 to 10 people increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest and irritability . disturbance in attention . lack of sex drive . memory impairment . loss of memory . tremor , difficulty with speaking . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data tingling feeling in your head , which may be associated with increased tearing of the eyes , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , increased sensitivity to noise . involuntary jerks or twitches of the muscles ,
what lyrica contains - the active substance is pregabalin . each 25 mg , 50 mg / 75 mg capsule contains 100 , 150 , 200 , 225 , 300 mg of pregabalse . the other ingredients are : lactose monohydrate , maize starch ; talc , gelatine , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), sodium laurilsulphate , anhydrous colloidal silica , black ink ; shellac ; black iron oxide , propylene glycol , potassium hydroxide ) 75 %, 100 % and 200 % ( corresponding to 225 mg ) or 300 mg tablets . not all pack sizes may be marketed . manufacturer : amgen europe b . v . minervum 100 / 200 /
semglee contains insulin glargine . this is a modified insulin , very similar to human insulin . it is used to treat diabetes mellitus in adults , adolescents and children aged 2 years and above . diabetes mellitus is  a disease where your body does not produce enough insulin to control the level of blood sugar . insulin glee has a long and steady blood - sugar - lowering action .
do not use semglee if : you are allergic to insulin glargine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions semelglee in pre - filled pen is only suitable for injecting under the skin . speak to your doctor if you need to inject your insulin by another method . monitoring ( blood and urine tests ) may be required during physical work and injection technique . if your blood sugar is too low ( hypoglycaemia ), follow the guidance for hypogLYcaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel before travelling consult your doctor as you may need to talk about : - the availability of your insulin in the country you are visiting , - supplies of insulin , and needles . check with your doctor or pharmacist before travelling . before travelling in , see section 3
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one vial of insulin glargine 300 units / ml once a day . do not change your dose unless your doctor tells you to . many of these medicines are available without prescription . you may require medical supervision and blood glucose monitoring . please , consult your doctor for further information . dose based on your life - style and the results of your blood sugar ( glucose ) tests and your previous insulin usage , your doctor will : - determine how much semglee per day you will need and at what time , - tell you when to check your blood glucose level , and whether you need to carry out urine tests . - use a long - acting insulin . your doctor may tell you to use it in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take a note of the information under ' serious and very common ' and ' what semglee contains '. your doctor will tell you how to deal with low blood sugar level and whether you can still take the medicine if the level of sugar in your blood is too low . ( see the box at the end of this leaflet for important further information ). hypogliescaemia is very common with insulin treatment . it is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) but can be very serious . low blood glucose means that there is not enough sugar in the blood , especially if your sugar level falls below the normal level and may lead to unconsciousness . serious hypogalaemia may cause brain damage and may
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the label of the pen after " exp ". store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or place next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack . keep the pre - filled pen in the outer carton in order to protect from light . you may remove the pen from the refrigerator and keep it at room temperature ( up to 40 ) for a single period of up to 4 months . this maximum allowed for the pen to return to room temperature . when you are not using semglee , the pen cap must be removed before use . remove the needle after the injection and store the pen without the needle . needles must not be re - used . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist how to throw away this medicine you no longer
what semglee contains - the active substance is insulin glargine . each ml of the solution contains 100 units of insulin gleargine ( equivalent to 3 . 64 mg ).  the other ingredients are : zinc chloride , metacresol , glycerol , sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ) ( see section 2 under ' sodium content '), hydrochloric acid , water for injections . ( see ' important information about some of the ingredients ' in section 2 for further information ), sodium chloride ( a clear colourless solution for injection ) and aqueous ( essentially free from particulates ). what semelglee looks like and contents of the pack semblee 100 micrograms solution for infusion is supplied in a pre - filled pen . the pen is a
rienso is an iron preparation that contains the active substance ferumoxytol . it is injected into a vein ( intravenously ) by your doctor to treat iron deficiency anaemia with reduced kidney function . iron is a substance in the body called haemoglobin , a molecule in red blood cells that carry oxygen . if your body does not have enough iron in the blood to get an adequate level of haemogglobin which is too high to be absorbed , this can lead to a life - threatening condition called anaemics . in people with low levels or no haemagglobin and thus , it is important to keep a record of the infusion date on the patient , so that alert and alert you are alert to any changes in your health and life . your doctor will discuss with you the benefits and risks
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . they will also do a blood test to check iron deficiency anaemia . if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rienso or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine if : - you have been diagnosed with medicine allergy , as you may have had serious allergic ( hyporesponsive ) reactions to other injectable iron preparations . this is because iron overload may occur due to the high level of iron in your blood . your doctor will check your anaema to check if your dose of iron is correct . it is important to know that : your doctor needs to know : whether your dose is iron dependent , and the severity of medicine allergy may be increased , particularly : system
your doctor will decide how much rienso you will be given , based on your weight and blood test results . your dose will be worked out by your doctor and your doctor . the treatment will usually be given over a period of 1 to 2 weeks . if you are given more rieso than you should be , your doctor or nurse will give you a lower dose . it is very important that you have the first infusion in your vein . this is so that your doctor can decide when to give the dose you need , and whether iron accumulation is corrected if necessary . when you are treated with ricso via infusion ( drip ), you will receive infusion into a vein , as your blood pressure and pulse will also be checked . detailed instructions for use are provided at the end of this package leaflet ( see " handling instructions "). if your doctor thinks you may have
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs and symptoms you may need to tell a doctor immediately . you should be aware of the early signs of serious side effect : rash , itching ( very common ), dizziness ( light - headedness , increasing ) swelling , difficulty breathing , wheezing or any other problems . in some patients these allergic reactions may progress to anaphylactic reactions . these reactions may lead to heart and circulation complications , including loss of consciousness , and can lead to death . if these occur , they should be treated immediately and not before 65 years of age or older , or have an underlying condition such as liver or heart disease . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose of rienso .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and vial label after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . if the vials are opened , the medicine should not be used if there is any visible sign of damage / deterioration do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what rienso contains - the active substance is iron as ferumoxytol . each 30 mg / 1 ml concentrate for solution for infusion contains 30 mg iron ( 8g of FERUMoxyTOl ). each 17 - mg vial of concentrate ( for solution , infusion , contains 510 mg of iron ( 9g - feramoxytoll ), mannitol ( e421 ), polyglucose - barrél carboxymethylether , sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ), water for injections . what ricso looks like and contents of the pack 17 : rienno is a clear , colourless to pale yellow solution . it is supplied in packs of 1 , 2 or 6 single - use vials ( not all pack sizes may be marketed 
pregabalin sandoz gmbh belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy and generalised anxiety disorder ( gad ) in adults . epileppsy : pregabalizin sharmbh has been prescribed to you for the treatment of a certain form of Epilepsy ( partial seizures with or without secondary generalisation ) . your doctor will prescribe pregab aldin sanderbh for you to help treat your anxiety disorder when your current treatment is not controlling your condition . you should take pregabalsin semen at bedtime to help prevent your condition from returning , or to allow your currently treatment to continue . pre gabalin sepileptic treatment has been given to you in addition to other anti - epileptic treatment . a person with generalised anxious disorder , called pregabafil has been chosen for you because you have
do not take pregabalin sandoz gmbh - if you are allergic to pregamalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabaltin . some patients taking pre gabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabralin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , take special care with pregabaliin - take care and contact your doctor immediately in case of blurring or loss of vision or other changes in eyesight
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . pregabalin sandoz gmbh is for oral use . epilepsy or generalised anxiety disorder : take the number of capsules as instructed by your doctor . the dose , which has been adjusted for you and your condition , will generally be between 150 mg and 600 mg each day . your doctor will tell you the dose to take . for adults , adolescents and children who are unable to swallow tablets , the dose may be increased to one 600 mg tablet once a day , for example two 150 mg tablets once in the morning and two 600 mg tablets in the evening . you should swallow your capsules whole with a glass of water . do not open or crush the capsules . preparing the dose your doctor may decide to give you pregab
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common ; may affect up to 1 to 10 people increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest and irritability . disturbance in attention , lack of memory impairment , loss of memory / tremor , difficulty with speaking , abnormal dreams , panic attack , change in perception of self , restlessness , inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , increased tearing action . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data slow heart
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the blister and on the carton after ' exp '. this medicinal product does not require any special storage conditions . for bottles : use within 6 months after first opening of the blister . store in the original package in order to protect from moisture . keep the bottle tightly closed . does not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what pregabalin sandoz gmbh contains - the active substance is pregelatinised chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cellules . each tablet contains either 25 mg , 50 mg ( corresponding to 7 . 5 mg ), 100 mg ( 1 . 2 mg )), 150 mg ( 2 . 225 mg or 300 mg of pregab alfa ).  the other ingredients are : maize starch , talc , gelatin , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), yellow iron oxide [ e172 ] ( limited ]); 150 mg capsules : red iron oxide ( only ) [ 50 mg and 150 mg tablets ]: black iron oxide , [ 25 mg and 300 mg tablet : white to off - white , capsule shaped , biconvex
sialanar is a medicine that contains the active substance glycopyrronium . glycopyrronium belongs to a group of medicines called quaternary ammonium anticholinergics . it blocks the transmission between nerve cells which secrete saliva ( the substance that feeds the body ' s saliva ), and so prevents it from being excreted in the water of infected infants , children and adolescents . this medicine is used to reduce the excessive production of saliva and reduce the amount of sialorrhoea that can be passed from person to person in food , and in children 3 years of age and older . sialantrhea ( drooling ) leads to excessive saliva production and can lead to many diseases of the nerves and muscles , including poor control of muscles in the face . in adults , early childhood is associated
do not take sialanar - if you are allergic to glycopyrronium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - are pregnant or breast feeding - suffer from glaucoma ( raised pressure in the eye ) and are unable to completely empty the bladder ( urinary retention ); severe kidney disease ; an obstruction of the stomach ( pyloric stenosis ); bowel causing vomiting , diarrhoea or loose watery stools ( ulcerative colitis ), inflammation of the intestine leading to stomach ache and swelling ( paralytic ileus ) ( myasthenia gravis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sia Lanar : if : you have ever had problems with your liver ( hepatitis b )
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose for adults is 3 mg once a day . use in children and adolescents ( 3 to less than 18 years of age ) the dose of sialanar depends on your child ' s weight . your doctor will check the dose and may change the dose if needed . if your child has been given more sia Lanar than he / she should have been told to take , it is very important that you take the correct dose . see the instructions at the end of this leaflet for more information . adults aged 3 years and over the usual starting dose is the same dose as for adults . it is important to follow the instructions of your doctor , pharmacist or nurse so that you are able to take the right treatment . do not change your dose unless your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects were mainly seen while patients were being given the medicine or shortly after (" dose adjustment "). very common constipation , difficulty in passing stool , very common difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) and very common pneumonia ( severe chest infection ). common allergic reaction , including rash , itching and red raised itchy rash ( hives ), difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness . frequency of the side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). severe allergic reaction which causes swelling mainly of the tongue or throat . other side effects that have been reported during post - marketing experience with sialanar : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , 
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after opening : do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . tell your pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of the tablets , especially if the packaging is damaged or if there are particles in it .
what sialanar contains - the active substance is glycopyrronium . each ml of solution contains 400 mg of carboprotenoium bromide , equivalent to 320 mg glycopirronium ( as sodium benzoate ). ( see section 2 under ' sodium content '): the tablet does not contain sodium , but contains raspberry flavouring ( containing propylene glycol e1520 ), sucralose ( e464 ), citric acid , purified water . what siаlanar looks like and contents of the pack sia Lanar oral solution is a clear , colourless liquid . it is available in packs containing 60 or 250 vials and in a cardboard carton containing 8 single - use glass bottles . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
exforge hct tablets contain three substances called amlodipine , valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide . all of these substances help to control high blood pressure . aml-dipine belongs to a group of substances called " calcium channel blockers ". amrodipines prevent calcium from moving into the blood vessel wall which stops the blood vessels from tightening . valson has been given to you in the form of angiotensin - ii receptor antagonists , to reduce the amount of angina in your body . this causes blood vessels to tighten , thus increasing the blood pressure further than if either was not effective in any other way , or to stop working properly , in patients who have been treated with either of these three substances .
do not take exforge hct if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid exforges hccit in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if your doctor determines that you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other calcium channel blockers , valsartan , hydrochlorothiazide , and / or sulphonamide - derived medicines ( medicines used to treat chest or urinary infections ), or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor, pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine : if , you or your child has liver disease , destruction of the small bile ducts within the liver ( biliary
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . this will help you get the best results and lower the risk of side effects . the usual dose of hct is one tablet per day . it is best to take the tablet at the same time each day , but you can take it with or without food . morning is the best time . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may affect how the tablet is absorbed and may be bitter . depending on how you respond to the treatment , your doctor may suggest a higher or lower dose . if your daily dose is taken with grapefruit or grapefruit juice , you should continue with the treatment until your doctor tells you to stop . when exforge has been taken , talk to your doctor straight away .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . the side effects listed below were seen when taking exforge hct with amlodipine , valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide . some side effects could be serious . you should immediately contact your doctor for advice , as these may be signs of the serious side effects of this medicine . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness due to low blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , light - headedness ) and sudden loss of consciousness . uncommon ( may effect upto 1 in 100 people ). severely decreased urine output and mood swings including tingling or numbness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). children and
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and blister after exp . store below 30 . does not use any exforge hct pack that is damaged or shows signs of tampering .
what exforge hct contains - the active substances of exforges hccit are 5 mg , 160 mg and 12 . 5 mg amlodipine ( as mesylate ), valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide . - each film - coated tablet contains 5 mg ampoule ( as amlodystrombopag ; amlotrodipine besylation ), 160 mg valson & 12 , 5 mg hydrochodystaxis . the other ingredients are cellulose microcrystalline ; crospovidone ( type a ); silica , colloidal anhydrous ; magnesium stearate ( e470b ); hypromellose ( substitution type 2910 ( 3 mpa s )), carrageenan , and iron oxide red ( 
menquadfi is a vaccine for children and adolescents 1 year of age and older . you must not be given the vaccine if the following conditions are met : infections caused by bacteria ( germs ) called " neisseria meningitidis " ( pmw ), including a , c , and y . ras . and w - 1 . not known : meningococci consists of serious and sometimes life - threatening infections . the most common complication of the most commonly reported infections of the types mentioned above are : womeningitis an inflammation of the tissues that line the brain and spinal cord . meningaemia an infection of the blood . both infections can be serious and can lead to death . although not all of them are serious , it can be fatal . in some cases 
menquadfi should not be given if you are allergic to : - the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - a previous allergic reaction to this vaccine has not been reported . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse . before vaccination , your doctor will check whether you have an infection with high temperature ( over 38 ). in a few cases , the vaccination may not be recommended if the infection is not treated and you can still be given the vaccination if there is a possibility that you will delay vaccination . it is important to note that a minor infection such as a cold or a bleeding problem or bruise easily , should be avoided . fainted with an injection if he / she fainte
menquadfi will be given to you in a hospital by a doctor or nurse . the usual dose is 0 . 5 mg injected into the muscle of the upper arm or the front of the thigh . this will work out the correct dose for you . do not change the dose unless your doctor has told you to .
like all vaccines , menquadfi can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these symptoms may be serious and may require the vaccination . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : itchy skin rash shortness of breath swelling of the face or tongue - you may be having an allergic reaction . other side effects include : children aged 12 to 23 years and adults : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tenderness , redness or swelling where the injection was given feeling irritable crying loss of appetite feeling drowsy common( may affect up to 1 in10 people ]: fever vomiting diarrhoea common : may affect 1 to 10 in 100 people : swollen glands in the neck , armpit , or groin feeling weak or generally unwell uncommon
keep this vaccine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this vaccine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what menquadfi contains one dose ( 0 . 5 ml ) contains : neisseria meningitidis as a polysaccharide1 10 micrograms / millilitre : the other ingredients are : semenutine mannitol , a protease inhibitor , and a sulphonylurea apolysaccharde1 , 1 , 10 microlitres : each vial contains 2 milligrams in a vial . nascimeningitis group c polysilicande1 one - dose ( 1 . 4 milliliter ): one vial of 10 millimetres . one milliseconds nystagmus toxoid carrier protein , 31 - tet
gliolan is used to treat certain brain tumours , called malignant giloma , that have progressed after tumour surgery . in this case , the active substance in gliolilan , aminolevulinic acid 5 - ala is given to treat the tumour with a red - violet light . it is injected into the tissue where it forms part of the tumour tissue , to remove the tumour from the tumour and to allow the tissue to heal .
do not use gliolan - if you are allergic to the active substance ( listed in section 6 ), to porphyrins , or to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed under " contents of the pack and other information "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : - you have acquired disorders relating to the production of certain enzymes that can increase the level of red blood pigment in the blood . if this applies to you , you may be at greater risk of suspected pregnancy . see ' pregnancy and breast - feeding ' in section 4 . take special care with this medicine the following are precautions you need to avoid infecting the eyes or skin . you have ever had a heart disease or heart disease in the past . this medicine may cause your blood pressure to increase . your doctor may consider treating you as
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . gliolan is supplied as a powder which can be diluted into 20 mg of 5 - ala hcl before use . the dose is given over 2 to 4 hours ( 24 hours ) before anaesthesia . depending on the size of the anaesthetist , you may be able to have the anoesthesia / surgery . your doctor will decide how this medicine should be given . during the surgery , your doctor may also give you this medicine at least 2 4 hours before or at least 4 hours after anaesthetic . it is unlikely that you will be given any necessary measures to prevent any problems . you should only be given one dose of glialan this medicine on the day of surgery unless otherwise directed by your surgeon . this
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most serious side effects are mild alterations of blood cell counts ( red and white cells , and platelets ). these can be a sign of disorders of the nervous system ( neurological disorders ), including partial paralysis of one part of the body ( hemiparesis ), and blood clots in blood vessels ( thromboembolism ). if you notice any of the following side effects you should tell your doctor immediately : feeling sick ( nausea ), with slight increase of some enzymes ( transaminases , e . g ., gt ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick and nausea . slight increase in some enzyme s ( called trans
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after exp . this medicinal product does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . once opened , gliolan is intended for immediate use . however , chemical and physical stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 25 and 25 after opening .
what gliolan contains - the active substances are 5 - aminolevulinic acid hydrochloride , one ml of 5-ala hcl contains 1 . 17 mg of 5 , - ala . - each vial contains 5 . 5 milligrams of 5- ala ( reconstituted ) solution , of which at least 13 . 4 mg is omitted . the other ingredient is 5 : oral solution : the powder for oral solution is a white to off - white lyophilised powder , which has to be dissolved in water for injections . after preparation , the powder should be used as a concentrated , colourless to slightly yellowish fluid and should be administered in a glass bottle . pack sizes : 1 , 2 or 10 bottles . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
elonva contains the active ingredient corifollitropin alfa , which belongs to a group of hormones called gonadotropic hormones . it is used to help develop follicles ( small round sacs in your ovaries ) that you may have formed during your menstrual cycle . elaonva is used : to prevent pregnancy in adult women undergoing infertility treatment or in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ) to prevent a woman ' s ovary from becoming a womb . to stimulate a cycle called the uterus , the two active ingredients in this medicine work together by helping your body to produce more eggs and help you to become ovulating . your doctor will discuss with you the benefits and risks of donating your sperm before you start using it and for how long you should use it 
do not use elonva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to corifollitropin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - have cancer of the ovary , breast , uterus , or brain ( pituitary gland , hypothalamus ) or have recently experienced unexpected vaginal bleeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using elaonva as there is a risk that your ovaries may not work properly due to a condition known as primary ovarian failure ( ovulation cysts ), enlarged ovaries or malformations of the sexual organs . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before using this medicine . you and your partner ' s fertility should be evaluated in accordance with
elonva should only be prescribed and administered by a doctor experienced in infertility treatment or in vitro fertilisation ( ivf ). under no circumstance should this treatment be stopped . before you start taking a medicine called a gnrh - antagonist , your 30 ovary ( womb ) will be fertilised in fertilised hen ' s eggs . after you have received treatment , the gndrh- antagonist will be given 5 to 6 days after injection . your doctor will decide how long you should be treated . if you have been treated with another medicine that you will be taking to help release your ovulation , it will be very important that you continue to receive elaonva for as long as your doctor prescribes it for you . in this case , you will receive a single 100 - microgram dose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects this is a complication of treatment with gonadotropic hormones , elonva . overstimulation of the ovaries may occur . this resulting in a higher risk of developing maturing follicles . it is important that you understand this premise so that doctors can determine for how long you should use this medicine . if you do not have any information on this , ask your doctor . during and after treatment , your partner ' s doctor will discuss with you the potential risks and benefits of combining ovarian sex with you , as well as ultrasound scans to see if your ovary does not show any signs or symptoms . in addition to the above , monitoring of blood hormone levels can be performed . the first symptoms of
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 . 8 ). do not freeze or shake . keep the reconstituted product in the outer carton in order to protect from light . elonva should not be irradiated or otherwise sterilised . once thawed , use immediately . discard the medleyne if it is coloured or it has solid pieces in it . any unused medicine or waste should be disposed of in accordance with local requirements . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what elonva contains - the active substance is corifollitropin alfa - 2b . - each elaonva 100 mg solution for injection pre - filled syringe contains 100 mg in 0 . 5 ml solution . the other ingredients are : o each elenva 150 mg solution , o every other type of injection pre- filled
sildenafil actavis contains the active substance silenafil which belongs to a group of medicines called phosphodiesterase type 5 ( pde5 ) inhibitors . it works by helping to relax the blood vessels in your penis , allowing blood to flow in and out of the penis when you get sexually excited . sildanafil actsavis will only help you to get an erection if you are sexually stimulated . iii is a treatment for adult men with erectile dysfunction , sometimes known as impotence . this is when a man cannot get , or keep a hard , semen in a penis suitable for sexual activity .
do not take sildenafil actavis : - if you are allergic to siliconid , so - called nitrates , as the combination may lead to a dangerous fall in your blood pressure . tell your doctor if any of these medicines are used for relief of angina pectoris ( or " chest pain "). if these are the medicines used in combination with nitric oxide donors such as amyl nutrite ( another type of the medicine ) as the combined effect may also be increased . if the combination of riociguat is not recommended . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i ) - high blood pressure in the lungs , and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension , which is also used in adult patients , e. g ., high blood
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 50 mg . you should not take sildenafil actavis more than once a day . try to take it at the same time each day , for example one hour before you plan to have sex . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet . if possible , you may experience greater efficacy if taken with or without food . when taking this medicine you will need to get an erection from a man or woman who is sexually stimulated . your doctor will tell you how long you should keep taking sildafil actingavis . it will take about one hour for you to find the best time to have children and adolescents . this will depend
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of sildenafil are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking sildanafil actavis and seek medical help immediately : - an allergic reaction - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms include sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing or dizziness - swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or throat - chest pains - get in a semi - sitting position and try to relax - do not use nitrates to treat your chest pain - prolonged and sometimes painful erections have been reported - these are uncommonly seen in fewer than 1 in 1 , 000 people .
what sildenafil actavis contains - the active substance is sildanafil . each tablet contains 25 mg , 50 mg or 100 mg of silDENafil ( as citrate ). each tablet of siladena fil 25 mg contains , 55 mg or , 84 mg ( 50 mg ) of silandenail ( as Citrate ) in one tablet . - sildinafil 50 mg film - coated tablets : each tablet is a tablet , with a covering to protect them from moisture . the other ingredients are : - tablet core : sildafil( as citrat ) - film coating : silicon dioxide , maize starch , lactose monohydrate , microcrystalline cellulose , povidone k29 - 32 ( e1201 ), croscarmel
the name of your medicine is incresync . it contains two different active substances , called alogliptin and pioglitazone in one tablet : - alogue liptin belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 2 inhibitors ). aLogliptdin works to increase the levels of insulin in your body after a meal and decrease the amount of sugar in your blood . - it also helps to decrease the level of sugar made by your body , which helps to keep your body producing more insulin and helps you keep track of your sex drive . in addition to diet and exercise in adults , the combination of piogillazone and thiazolidinediones improve the ability to make better use of the insulin it produces . these are medicines called
do not take incresync - if you are allergic to alogliptin , pioglitazone , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - contact your doctor for advice if : - you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . symptoms of a seriously allergic reaction may include rash , raised red patches on your skin ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . additional symptoms may include general itching and feeling of heat especially affecting the scalp , mouth , throat and palms of hands or soles
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will prescribe other medicines to lower your blood sugar . the usual dose is one 25 mg tablet once a day . you can take incresync with or without food . take the tablet at the same time every day , for example one tablet in the morning and two tablets in the evening . it is important that you continue this diet and the level of sugar in your blood at all times , as directed by your doctor . this will help ensure that there is always enough medicine in your body to help you get the best results for your health . do not change the dose or stop taking this medicine without talking to your doctor first . patients with kidney problems - a reduced dose may be necessary . - to follow a diabetic diet , keep on with this while you are
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - sudden and severe bone pain - immobility . uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people - symptoms of bladder cancer such as blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . - if you experience an allergic reaction , the symptoms may include a rash ( hives ), swallowing or breathing problems . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). your doctor may suggest a lower dose , or temporarily stop taking incresync . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if any of the side effects gets serious or troublesome . side effects reported with amlodipine or 
what incresync contains - the active substances are alogliptin and pioglitazone . each 25 mg / 30 mg film - coated tablet contains 25 mg of aLOGliptoin benzoate ( as piogazone hydrochloride ) and each 30 mg ( 5 mg ) tablet contains piogoltin ( as mannitol ).  the other ingredients are : microcrystalline cellulose , hydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate , lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ). printing ink : hypromellose , 3 mpa . s , alg , titanium dioxide , yellow iron oxide , red iron oxide and talc . not all pack sizes may be marketed
hyqvia is a concentrate for solution for infusion ( drip ) into the skin ( subcutaneous or sc infusion ) in a package that contains human normal immunoglobulin equivalent to 10 g / ml . recombinant human hoyaluronidase , a substance that works in exactly the same way as a natural substance ( 0 . 5 mmol / cm2 ), is injected into the bloodstream where it stimulates the immune system to fight infections and to help fight infections . immunoglobulations are produced naturally in the body and are made in the laboratory by the human body . the medicine contains the reconstituted human histidine . this protein is involved in the synthesis of proteins that are produced by the immune cells in the skin . in the end of this leaflet , you will receive training on how to make
do not use hyqvia : - if you are allergic to immunoglobulins ( e . g . antibodies against a human or recombinant hoyaluronidase ), or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - in case you have antibodies in your blood due to iga deficiency , or an allergic reaction to a blood vessel . warnings and precautions : talk to your doctor before using this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding there is limited information on the effects of using a single - use commercial product . the safety and efficacy in patients treated with a combined benefit of administered product has not been established . it is therefore not recommended to use the product in early pregnancy . only patients who have been proven to be affected by the active substance are eligible to receive a re
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . certain side effects may be more common , such as headache , chills or body aches ; however , the infusion rate may need to be slowed down or stopped . serious side effects infusions of medicines with hyqvia may cause allergic reactions such as a sudden fall in blood pressure . in isolated cases , anaphylactic shock may occur . the following side effects have been reported during clinical trials with a lowering of the normal dose : in some cases the patients experienced similar types of typical signs or symptoms such as feeling light - headed , dizzy or faint , skin rash , itchiness , swelling in the abdomen or the brain , as well as other side effects which were not seen during the initial infusion ( s ). these may be signs of a
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . keep thevials in the outer carton in order to protect from light . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not refrigerate , do not freeze , or keep the medicine cloudy or have deposits . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment .
what hyqvia contains - the active substance is a dual vial unit containing a solution of recombinant human hoyaluronidase 1 iu / ml , corresponding to a concentration increase of human normal immunoglobulin at activity reference time . each vial contains 1 mg of hydroxychloride , 2 mg of which resides in the laboratory . 1 . the other ingredients are : - formulation : in clinical trials : clinical trials have shown to be performed on a suitable date . - preparation time : 20 . presentation presentation of a product called recomended human hyanadsense . this product is produced in a hospital under the supervision of an appropriately qualified doctor . 2 . manufacturing technology development in chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cells .
comirnaty is a vaccine used to prevent covid in adults and adolescents from 16 years of age . when a person is given the vaccine , the immune system ( the body ' s natural defence system ) will produce its own protection . antibodies and blood cells help the body to fight the virus . in covid , humans are more likely to get covid when the virus is hampered or weakened .
comirnaty should not be given if you are allergic to : the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . breathing problems ) after any other vaccine injection . you have fainted from any needle injection , as this may have contributed to a severely illness or infection , or high fever . therefore , your vaccination will usually be postponed until you have recovered . however , a mild fever or upper airway infection may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor before you have a cold , because you may need extra check - ups while you are in the hospital . tell the doctor / nurse if
comirnaty will be given to you by your doctor or nurse . the recommended dose is an injection of 0 . 3 ml into the muscle at the top of the upper arm . you will receive 2 injections over 21 days . if you receive two doses of the same vaccine after 21 days and are advised to stay in the vaccination course , your doctor will decide when to give the second dose .
like all vaccines , comirnaty can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain and swelling tiredness headache muscle pain , joint pain chills fever common side effects that may affect up to 1 to 10 users in 100 : redness nausea 26 uncommon side effects which may affect 1 to 100 users in a 100 , 000 : enlarged lymph nodes feeling unwell limb insomnia injection site itching rare side effects quinidine reporting of side effects 25 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial label after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 90 to - 60 ). after dilution of the vaccine , immediate use of the undiluted vaccine may be required . storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . however , the product may be stored at ambient conditions ( less than 5 ° to 2 ° c and up to 8 °C for a maximum of 30  2 ml ), and at the end of administration or at room temperature ( below 30 ). if not used immediately , store in the original package in order to protect from light . comirnaty is for single use only . any unused vaccine must be discarded . discard the vialls ,
what comirnaty contains - the active substance is mrna vaccine . after dilution , the product should be used immediately . the vial contains 6 doses ( 0 . 3 ml ) equivalent to 30 mg : hydroxybutyl ( azanediyl ), bis ( hexane ) 6 - diyl - bis , 2 - histamines ( 2 , 5 - hezyldecanoate ) alc - 0315 ( e216 ) - 2adsorbed on ( polyethylene glycol ); n - diétetradecylacetamide ( alc 0159 ); 2 . distearoyl  sn- glycero - 3 phosphocholine , cholesterol 
the name of your medicine is ivabradine anpharm ( indigo carmine ). it is a heart medicine used to treat : - symptomatic stable angina pectoris ( which causes chest pain ) in adult patients whose heart rate is over or equal to 70 beats per minute . it is used with heart medicines called beta - blockers and in children ( 2 years of age and older ) who do not tolerate or cannot take beta . blockers are also used for the treatment of chronic heart failure . the heart rate should be kept at a low level of 75 beats / minute , which is equivalent to standard therapy , or it can be used alone if other treatments have not worked or are not suitable for you . in this case , it should be used in combination with beta- blocker therapy or together with beta , blockers which are not approved . about
do not take ivabradine anpharm : - if you are allergic to ivaBradine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the medicine : 30 - slowing of your resting heart rate before treatment ( up to 70 beats per minute ). - cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital , a hearing rhythm disorder , or sick sinus syndrome or sino - atrial block ), and / or if - you have had a cardiac attack , very low blood pressure , unstable angina ( which causes chest pain ) or heart failure , as a result of problems with your heartbeat , which may be caused by a problem with your pacemaker . - severe liver problems . taking medicines to treat fungal infections ( your doctor
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of ivabradine anpharm is one 5 mg tablet once a day , preferably at the same time each day . patients with stable angina pectoris the starting dose should not exceed one angina dose of 1 . 5 mg twice daily . your doctor will prescribe the dose that is right for you , depending on your condition and on whether you have been treated for angina symptoms before , during the first week and at the end of this leaflet ( see section " instructions for use "). the dose may be increased or decreased . gradually increasing your dose over a period of time , with an increase in the maintenance dose . this should be done gradually over the next seven - week period , up to a maximum of 7 . 7 mg per day 
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common adverse reactions with this medicine are dose dependent and related to its mode of action : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  luminous visual phenomena ( brief moments of increased brightness , most often caused by sudden changes in light intensity ). they can also be described as a halo , coloured flashes , image decomposition or multiple images . they generally occur within the first two months of treatment after which they may occur repeatedly and resolve during or after treatment . common ( might affect up to 1 in10 people ).  changes in the heart : the symptoms are usually mild and slow , but the heart rate may get worse later ( from 2 to 3 months after treatment beginning ). other side effects have also been reported , and are classified as public by the european medicines agency
what ivabradine anpharm contains - the active substance is ivaBradine ( as hydrochloride ) - each film - coated tablet contains 5 mg ivaBRADINE ( as hydrogenated ) ( 6 . 9 mg / ml ). anhydrous ivabredine vertigo 7 . 5 mg ( 0 . 54 %) solution for injection / infusion : each film decoated tablet contains 7 , 5 mg inovative ( e 470 b ), maize starch , maltodextrin , colloidal anhydrously silica , e 551 ), hypromellose , polysorbate 80 , carnauba wax , red and white wax .  the other ingredients are : lactose monohydrate , magnesium stearate (
novoeight contains the active substance turoctocog alfa , human coagulation factor viii produced by recombinant dna technology in chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell culture . factor vi is a protein naturally found in the blood that helps to clot it . novoight is used to treat and prevent bleeding episodes in adults , adolescents and children of all ages with haemophilia a ( inborn factor vii deficiency ). there is insufficient supply of haematophilians a so that factor ixi is missing or not working properly . there is therefore no safety or efficacy of novoеight in patients whose blood does not work properly , and where other treatments have proved unsuccessful .
do not use novoeight : - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to hamster proteins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using novoight . there is a small chance that you may be allergic to peanut or soya . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . before you are given this medicine , make sure that you read the package leaflet of all medicinal products that you have been given . you should not be given novoveight if : you have ever had an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to any ingredient contained in novoweight ( see section 4 ). you may experience allergic reactions such as rash , hives , weals , generalised itching , 48 swelling of
treatment with novoeight will be started by a doctor who is experienced in the care of patients with haemophilia a . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . dosage and frequency of use the dose will depend on your weight and the type of bleeding to be treated . your doctor will calculate your dose for you and will tell you how often you should have the injection . this will vary from 2 to 3 days . in some cases , especially in younger patients , more frequent injections or higher doses may be necessary . treatment of bleeding the dose of novoight is calculated depending on your body weight and on the factor viii levels to be achieved . the target factor ixi levels will depend upon the severity and location of the bleeding . use in children and adolescents dosing in children above the age of 12 years is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : - sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions ) where the injection is given ( early symptoms : difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , wheezing , chest tightness swelling of the lips , tongue rash , hives , weals , generalised itching , feeling dizzy or loss of consciousness low blood pressure , pale and cold skin , fast heartbeat ). - severe symptoms , including difficulty in swallowing and / or swallowing . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain in the abdomen , constipation , loss of appetite , dry mouth ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze or shake the outer carton . temperature before preparation , chemical and physical in - use stability of the novoeight powder for solution for injection has been demonstrated for temperature exceeding 30 days at 9 oc . from a microbiological safety point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately the solution is prepared in time for a single period of less than 30 days , it should be stored in the original vial and used within 3 months . in this case , do not refrigerate or freeze the solution . the reconstituted novoight solution is stable for up to
what novoeight contains - the active substance is turoctocog alfa ( human coagulation factor viii produced by recombinant dna technology in chinese hamster ovary ( cho ) cell culture . each vial of novoight contains nominally 250 , 500 , 1000 , 1500 , 2000 or 3000 iu / ml after reconstitution with the supplied solvent ( sodium chloride ) supplied in a vial . the other ingredients are l - histidine , sucrose , polysorbate 80 , sodium content of the vial ( e1201 ), l- methionine , calcium chloride dihydrate and sodium hydroxide , hydrochloric acid , concentrated , diluted solution for injection ( see end of section 2 ). what
vizamyl contains the active substance fiertamol . it is used to help locate patients aged 18f or older with alzheimer ' s disease to help identify memory loss . for this reason , it is a radiopharmaceutical product that contains trace amounts of g - cd34 , a type of medicine called radiolabelling . vizammyl is used in adult patients with alzarer  s Disease to help find out about memory loss and memory problems . memory problems can be detected using a special type of brain scan called positron - emission tomography ( pet ) scan . this scan may be used together with other brain function tests to find out if there are - amyloid plaques in your brain . these plaques are deposits present in the blood and are often collected in dementias , according to the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic reactions - signs may include swelling of your face or eyes - becoming pale , itchy , tight skin - a rash - feeling short of breath - tightness in the chest - irritation in your throat you may feel sick . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) but may be serious . other side effects include : common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - increased blood pressure uncommon : can affect less than 1 person in 100 - headache - diarrhoea - pain in the mouth - muscle spasms - joint pain - itching
you will not have to store this medicine . this medicine is stored under the responsibility of the specialist in appropriate premises . storage of radiopharmaceuticals will be in accordance with national regulation on radioactive materials . the following information is intended for the specialist only : keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label after exp . store in the original package to protect from light .
what vizamyl contains - the active substance is flutemetamol . each ml of solution contains flutemet amol ( 18f ) 400 micrograms .  the other ingredients are sodium chloride , ethanol anhydrous , polysorbate 80 , sodium dihydrogen phosphate dihydrate , disodium hydrogen phosphonate dodecahydrate . see section 2 . what you need to know before you are given vizaml : the colour of your tablet depends on the type of tablet you are using , how well it looks like and contents of the pack the clear to slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellow solution is provided in a glass vial . your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare the dose . do not worry if the solution is discoloured or if there are particles in it .
pantecta control contains the active substance pantoprazole , which blocks the ' pump ' that produces stomach acid . hence it reduces the amount of acid in your stomach . pantectoa control is used for the short - term treatment of reflux symptoms ( for example , heartburn and acid regurgitation ) in adults . reflux is the backflow of acid from the stomach into the gullet (" foodpipe "), which may become inflamed and painful . this may cause you symptoms such as a painful burning sensation in the chest rising up to the throat ( heartburn ) and a sour taste in the mouth ( acid reflux ). you may experience relief from your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms after just one day . it may also help you to resume your normal daily routine and sleep . you may also experience a different kind of acid reflux in addition to the above 
do not take pantecta control : - if you are allergic to pantoprazole or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking a medicine called atazanavir ( for the treatment of hiv - infection ). see the package leaflet of other medicines which may interact with pantectation control . before taking pantectate control , tell your doctor : 22 - to reduce the risk of heartburn or indigestion . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 4 years , because the safety and efficacy in this age group has not been established . - in children under 55 years old , who take non - prescription igestion treatment , should be discontinued at the same dose and under the supervision of a doctor who is aged 55 years with any new
always take this medicine exactly as described in this leaflet or as your doctor or pharmacist have told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended dose is one tablet a day . do not exceed this recommended dose of 20 mg pantoprazole daily . you should swallow this tablet whole with a glass of water , either with or without food , for at least 2 - 3 consecutive days . stop taking pantecta control when your doctor tells you to stop . if your acid reflux and heartburn symptoms persist for more than one day , your doctor may recommend a higher or lower dose . stopping treatment with pantectation control may result in a reduction in your symptom - relief after stopping this medicine for 2 weeks , but your doctor will tell you how long you should continue to take it . for more information , refer to the package
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking this medicine straight away , but take this leaflet and / or the tablets with you . - serious allergic reactions ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): hypersensitivity reactions , so - called anaphylactic reactions ; anaphalactic shock and angioedema . typical symptoms are : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and - or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( nettle rash ), severe dizziness with very fast heartbeat and heavy sweating ; serious skin reactions ( frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - urticaria ( itchy red , raised , reddened skin 
what pantecta control contains - the active substance is pantoprazole . each vial contains 20 mg pantoprizole ( as sodium sesquihydrate ). - other ingredients are : - core : sodium carbonate ( anhydrous ), mannitol , crospovidone , povidone 180 , calcium stearate . - coating : indigo carmine ( e132 ) and polysorbate 80 , triethyl citrate in the tablet core ; black and yellow iron oxide ( an oxide ) only in the film coating . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
firazyr contains the active substance icatibant . firazhayr is used to treat the symptoms of hereditary angioedema in adults , adolescents and children from 2 years of age . when the levels of bradykinin are increased , symptoms such as swelling , pain , nausea and diarrhoea are not improved . by blocking the action of braddingkinin , this helps to relieve the symptoms .
do not use firazyr - if you are allergic to icatibant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using firazhayr . - you have angina ; you have reduced blood flow to the heart muscle ; or you have recently had a stroke . the side effects can be greatly reduced or their severity may be reduced . you should discuss with your doctor the symptoms of your disease and discuss the best course of action with you . talk to you doctor if your symptoms do not improve or get worse . attack your doctor immediately if any of your symptoms get worse or get an attack on your own . it is very important that you also read the " instructions for use " given at the end of this leaflet ( under the skin ) injection technique . see also " other medicines and
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . people who have previously used firazyr ( for the skin ) injection technique , have been trained by their doctor . how much to use your doctor will tell you exactly how many units ( ml ) to use . you or your child will receive one dose each day . your doctor may decide to give you another dose . a doctor or nurse will show you how to inject yourself with this medicine . firazinessr can be given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneously ) as an attack by angioedema when you don ' t feel better or if someone else uses your product . don ’ t inject yourself unless your doctor tells you to . when to inject your first injection if your doctor thinks that you or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must stop taking firazyr and see your doctor immediately if you experience a reaction to the injection , such as skin irritation , swelling , pain , itchiness , redness of the skin and burning sensation . this will usually clear up without any additional treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) additional injection site reactions , including pressure sensation and bruising . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reduced sensation such as numbness or raised itchy skin rash with or without warmth . uncommon ( may effect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens , please contact your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . common reported side effects are : - headache - ringing in the ears - dizziness -
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the syringe label after exp . the expiration date refers to the last day of that month . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the original package in order to protect from light . remove the reconstituted product from the refrigerator and do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what firazyr contains - the active substance is icatibant . each pre - filled syringe contains 30 mg / 0 . 5 ml of iccatibANT ( as acetate ). - other ingredients are sodium chloride , acetic acid glacial , sodium hydroxide and water for injection ( see section 2 ). what you need to know before you are given firazhayr . what you should be aware of : the following information is related to the stability of the qr / prazole and sodium perforated unit , which is a clear , colourless solution for injection in a pre- filled glass siringe , with 3 ampoules ( type i glass ). not all pack sizes may be marketed . the following pack sizes are available : hypodermic needle . available in fi
olanzapine apotex contains the active substance olapine and belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . it is used to treat the following conditions : - schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . - moderate to severe manic episodes , an illness with symptoms of excitement or euphoria . the combination has been shown to be effective in some cases to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode is not properly controlled despite a discontinuation of a prescription for a longer period of time . in this case , it should be investigated further and appropriate treatment is sought 
do not take olanzapine apotex - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swelling face , particularly swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , especially if : - you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). if any of these apply to you or your child , do tell your pharmacist before you take . the following information is intended for the specialist only : very rarely , medicines of this type cause unusual movements mainly of the face or tongue .
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine apotex tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of olazapinе apoTex is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor to see if your symptoms are improving after you have taken a dose . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . try to take your tablets at the same time each day . it does not matter whether you take them with or without food . you may find it easier to follow the advice of your doctor or pharmacist . - you should take your ozanzapin apox tablets once a day following the instructions for use . for tablets to be swallowed , you can take them
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people ), especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . you should report these symptoms immediately to your doctor . it is important to make sure that you are aware of the extra risks .
what olanzapine apotex contains - the active substance is : - roche neparvovec ( e1201 )- - this medicine contains no active substance . - each olazapinе apoTex 2 . 5 mg film - coated tablet ( tablet ) contains 2 , 5 mg -olanzazapine ( corresponding to 5 mg of ' rochromellose ') - one tablet ( s ) is a white to off - white , round , biconvex tablet , with the marking " oz " on one side and " nvr " on the other side . the tablet can be divided into equal doses , if needed . one side may be split into equal halves , for example , one end of the tablet and one end
xospata belongs to a group of cancer medicines called protein kinase inhibitors . it contains the active substance gilteritinib . what xxpata is used for the medicine is used to treat adults with acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ), a cancer of certain white blood cells . the medicine contains a protein called ' k9 ' in the body , which can be used in adults and children with aml who have not responded to previous treatment . xapata can be prescribed to you if you have aml that is associated with an increased risk of abnormal white blood cell counts . giltertini B blocks or prevents the action of certain enzymes ( kinsases ) in the abnormal cells and thus slows down the growth and spread of the cancer .
do not take xospata : - if you are allergic to gilteritinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if : you experience the following symptoms : fever , trouble breathing , rash , dizziness or lightheadedness , rapid weight gain , swelling of your arms or legs . these may be signs of a condition called differentiation syndrome ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). you may be at increased risk of developing differentiation 26 syndrome during and up to 2 days after starting a medicine to treat your condition . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . you will be monitored while you are taking xxpata and for at least 4 weeks after starting treatment . your doctor will check you for side effects and for signs of differentiation
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . how much to take the recommended dose of xospata is one 120 mg tablet once a day . your doctor may decide to temporarily interrupt treatment based on your response to treatment . the usual dose is one tablet . it is best to take one tablet in the morning before breakfast . you can take the tablet at any time of the day , with or without food . method of use swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may affect the way the medicine is absorbed and may affect how it affects the way it works . to help you remember to take it , take it at least one hour before or one hour after a meal . this will make sure that there is always enough medicine in your body to help
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are described below : differentiation syndrome tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : fever , trouble breathing , rash , dizziness or lightheadedness , rapid weight gain , and swelling of your arms or legs . these may be signs of a condition called " differentiation syndrome ". common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome . this can be life - threatening . a seizure or quickly worsening headache , confusion or other vision problems , as this may be a sign of the underlying condition . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose of xospata or stop it . side effects related to differentiation syndrome can occur with this medicine , but it
what xospata contains - the active substance is gilteritinib . - each film - coated tablet contains 40 mg galteritin ( as fumarate ).  the other ingredients are : mannitol , hydroxypropylcellulose ( e463 ), low - substituted hydroxypromylcellulose , magnesium stearate in the tablet core , and hypromellose , the talc , macrogol ( 8000 ), titanium dioxide , iron oxide yellow and / or red ink on the cap , with ' gil ' debossed on one side and ' 507 ' on the other side . what does xxpata looks like and contents of the pack xppata 40 mg film  coated tablets are light yellow film coated tablets . the
plenadren contains the active substance hydrocortisone . Hydrocortione is a glucocorticoid . it belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids . glucorticoids are substances produced in the body that help the body control its own hormones . plennaderen is used to treat a condition called adrenal insufficiency ( also called cortisol deficiency ). if you have adrenal insufficient levels in your adrenal glands and kidneys , your body does not produce enough of the hormone cortinine . this leads to long - term ( chronic ) adrenal intolerance . in patients who have had a replacement therapy before and are still producing their own hormone when they are not able to use it properly . the medicine in plenastedren works by reducing the amount of
do not use plenadren - if you are allergic to hydrocortisone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given plennaderen . this medicine should not be given by injection . it is important that you tell your doctor about any stomach problems you might have during or after the surgery . vomiting and diarrhoea should be treated prior to treatment . injections of hydrocorticone may be necessary to help prevent extra fluid administration . you should also tell your dentist that you are suffering from short - term or temporary illness , such as infections , fever or situations involving physical stress . your doctor may advise you to take extra fluid during surgery , and you should inform your doctor of any planned surgery if any of these apply to you . if
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . take plenadren twice a day , in the morning and evening , at about the same time each day . you should swallow the tablet whole with a drink of water . do not break or crush the tablet , as it may cause temporary illnesses such as infection ( for example , fever or physical stress ) or surgery . your doctor will tell you how much hydrocortisone you should take , when to take it and for how long you should continue to take them . it is very important that you follow this advice carefully . if your doctor prescribes other hydrocorticocorticone tablets , you should follow the instructions of your doctor , which is given at the end of the leaflet ( see section 4 ). if more than one tablet is taken at
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may take other hydrocortisone tablets with plenadren and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects below : stomach pain feeling sick / tiredness the following side effects may happen with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea tiredness common ( might affect up to 1 in more than 10 users ) stomach pain heartburn feeling sick ( nauseated pain ) in the joints rash itchiness joint pain muscle spasms swollen hands , ankles or feet pain numbness muscle aches and pains back pain pain in joints and muscles muscle pains in joints . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions ( including swelling of the face 
what plenadren contains - the active substance is hydrocortisone . each tablet of plenasteren 5 mg contains 5 mg of hydrocorticosteroid . one tablet of pa . pfizer europe eu member of the medical staff will decide which tablet is best for you , depending on the dose you are taking . the other ingredients are : tablet core : hypromellose , microcrystalline cellulose , pregelatinised starch , colloidal anhydrous silica , magnesium stearate . tablet coating : macrogol ( 3350 ), polyvinyl alcohol , talc and titanium oxide ( e172 ). the 5 mg tablets are coated in red iron oxide , yellow iron oxide and radial markings . tablets body : shellac , propylene glycol , titanium dioxide
inhixa contains the active substance enoxaparin sodium . this medicine is a low molecular weight heparin ( lmwh ) which is equivalent to 1 mg / ml when compared with existing blood clots . inhaixa is used for 2 different reasons : - stopping blood coagulations in your blood - preventing blood clitches from forming , and preventing your blood from clotting . - making your blood stop blood throts from re - occurring in your urine after operation , or if you have an acute illness known as unstable angina , in which your heart cannot pump blood well enough ( such as a heart attack ). - helping your body to reduce the number of blood cluts in your dialysis machine - for severe kidney problems .
the recommended dose inhixa is 285 mg / kg . you are allergic to enoxaparin sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine : heparin or other low molecular weight heparains ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin and dalteparin ). in case you experience a reaction like this one , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of your clotting cells ( platelets ). this reaction may be life - threatening . the
like other similar medicines ( medicines to reduce blood clotting ), inhixa can cause bleeding which may potentially be life - threatening . for information about the bleeding , or any bleeding event that follows : - excessive bleeding ( exceptional weakness , tiredness , paleness ), - dizziness or headache - unexplained swelling . if you experience this sort of swelling , seek medical advice immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine to a severe allergic reaction ( difficulty breathing , swelling of the lips , mouth , throat or eyes ), or blockage of a blood vessel resulting from the formation of o blood co - transporter , cramping pain , redness or warmth . in case of emergency situations , your doctor will treat you promptly , and treat you accordingly , if necessary , you may
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the label and carton after exp . store and transport refrigerated ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . inhixa may be stored at room temperature ( up to 25 ) for a single period of up to three months . after dilution the solution should be used immediately , or within 8 hours , at a temperature not above 25 . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light , and do not throw away any medicines via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what inhixa contains - the active substance is enoxaparin sodium . each ml solution contains 100 mg / 0 . 2 mg of solution , corresponding to 2 , 000 iu / kg , when reconstituted as recommended . - each pre - filled syringe of either 0. 2 g , contains 20 mg ( 8 . 6 mg ) or 20 mg [ 8 ]. [ 20 mg ] ( 20 micrograms ) of solution for injection in a vial . [ 10 . 4 g dispersion ] of a ready for use solution ( 15 microgram ). [ 4 , 6 . 8 g [ 6 , 7 ] in dispensed form ]). * the contents of this pack are for single use only . not all pack sizes may be marketed
ozempic contains the active substance semaglutide which helps your body reduce your blood sugar level only when blood sugar is too high . it also reduces the amount of sugar you have in your blood and can help prevent heart disease from getting worse . - if you are already taking metformin ( another diabetes medicine ) or it is taking other medicines to treat diabetes when they are not enough to control your blood glucose levels . these other medicines may include : oral antidiabetics ( such as metformine , thiazolidinediones , and sulfonylureas ) and insulin .
do not use ozempic : - if you are allergic to semaglutide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions this medicine is not an insulin and should only be used as a single dose in adults with type 1 diabetes a condition in which your body does not produce any insulin , 39 as it does not have a diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , breathing difficulty , confusion , excessive thirst , a sweet smell to the breath , or a metallic taste in the mouth ) when it is first given to you . your doctor will talk to you and decide whether you should be given a different type of insulin . this medicine should not be used by patients who are unable to take insulin
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 0 . 25 mg once a week . your doctor may increase your dose gradually by up to a maximum of one vial every two weeks , until your doctor tells you to stop . ozempic should be given as an injection under the skin ( subcutaneous injection ) or into a vein . it should not be given into any muscle ( intramuscularly ). the injection may be given from the upper thighs , the waist ( abdomen ), or the upper arm . talk to your doctor before you go home . take the medicine pack with you so that you can show the doctor what you have been given . do not try to inject this medicine at the same time each day . this will help you remember when to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diabetic eye disease ( retinopathy ). you should tell your doctor if you get eye problems such as changes in vision . this medicine is not recommended for use in adults . uncommon ( may effect less than 1 in 100 people ). inflamed pancreas ( acute pancreatic ). this can cause severe pain in the stomach and back which does not go away . you should see a doctor immediately , as soon as possible . such symptoms occur rarely , but may occur in up to1 in 1 , 000 people . severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions ) with symptoms such as breathing problems , swelling of face and throat , nose bleeds and swelling of the eyelids ( conjunctivit
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the pen label and carton after ' exp '. store in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ). do not freeze . before use , the cooling element can be removed from the pen for a single period of up to 6 weeks . if this is not possible , ozempic can be stored for up to 30 days at room temperature ( up to 25oc ) within 8 weeks after removing from the refrigerator . when you are not using the cooling element , leave the pen with the pen cap on in order to protect it from light . this medicine is for single use only . discard any unused solution appropriately . ask your pharmacist how to throw away any medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what ozempic contains - the active substance is semaglutide . each ml contains 1 . 34 mg / 0 . 25 mmol ( corresponding to 10 . 0 mg priapire ). - one pre - filled pen contains 2 mg seMAGlutide in 1ml solution . when reconstituted in water for injections , one dose ( 0. 25 mg ) solution for injection is required to achieve the desired ph - response . the other ingredients are : disodium phosphate dihydrate , propylene glycol , phenol , water for injecting , sodium hydroxide and / or hydrochloric acid ( for pph adjustment ) ( see end of section 2 for further information on sodium ) and sodium , concentrated , solvent : water for solutions for injection ,
sonovue is an ultrasound contrast agent that uses tiny bubbles to create a gas called sulphur hexafluoride . when you are given ultrasound , it stimulates your heart to expand , expand and surround your blood vessels , and other tissues that supply blood to the liver and breast to help identify and treat any problems . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . sonovuse is indicated for the treatment of urinary tract in adults , adolescents and children .
do not use sonovue : - if you are allergic to sulphur hexafluoride or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using . - have a right - to - left heart shunt ( used to restore the heart ' s ability to operate properly ). - suffer from severe pulmonary hypertension ( pulmonary artery pressure increased ) or uncontrolled hypertension . in adult respiratory distress syndrome ( a severe , medical condition that causes widespread inflammation in the lungs ) and are taking dobutamine ( medicine used to correct heart function ) as well as to treat your severe heart disease . see also section 2 ' other medicines '. repeat angina ( chest pain ) has been reported in patients with heart disease and recent electrocardiography changes (
sonovue is only used for examination and ultrasound scan of heart in adult patients . it must not be injected into your blood vessels or tissues other than the liver , breast , or breast ; it must be inserted into a vein , which is a part of the body . the recommended dose is 2 mg , 2 . 4 ml or 4 . 8 mg / m2 of body surface area per ultrasound scan . your doctor will determine the correct dose for you depending on the type and location of ultrasound , based on the following scheme : 1 - measurement of the size of the bladder ( oedema ) if your bladder is empty , you will be asked to drink a saline solution to flush the empty bladder with a thin tube . if you are not sure , ask your doctor or pharmacist . how to use if so
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following after receiving treatment : side effects that may occur without medical treatment , such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may make it difficult to swallow or breathe , skin rash , hives , swelling ofthe hands , feet or ankles . other side effects include : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , feeling of numbness , dizziness and strange taste in the mouth , redness . chest discomfort , looking pale and feeling sick . feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , discomfort and discomfort .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the blister after " exp ". this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . after preparation , the product should be used immediately . the following information is intended for the specialist only : - keep the container tightly closed in order to protect from moisture . - do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what sonovue contains the active substance is sulphur hexafluoride . the other ingredients are macrogol 4000 , distearoylphosphatidylcholine , dipalmitoylphosphatedyllglycerol sodium and palmitic acid . inside the glass syringe , sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution for injection is contained in the solvent , a glass vial containing a white to off - white powder . each pack also contains either : - one vial and - two alcohol swabs . - the other ingredient is a transfer system , which allows simultaneous transfer of the two vials .
riarify is a medicine to help breathing that contains the three active substances : beclometasone dipropionate , formoterol fumarate dihydrate and glycopyrronium in one tablet . becloMETasine dipropaptionate belongs to a group of medicines called corticosteroids which act to reduce the swelling and irritation in your lungs . formoterrol and glycopirronium are medicines called long - acting bronchodilators . they act in different ways to relax the muscles in your airways , helping to open the airways wider and allowing you to breathe more easily . regular treatment with these trois active substances helps to relieve and prevent symptoms such as shortness of breath , wheezing and cough in adult patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ).
do not use riarify : - if you are allergic to beclometasone dipropionate , formoterol fumarate dihydrate and glycopyrronium or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . this medicine is used as a maintenance treatment for your copd . don ' t use this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . if your breathing gets worse , you should contact your doctor immediately . worsening shortness of breath with wheeziing or when breathing is difficult , your doctor may need to treat your symptoms . you should use a separate " reliever " inhaler every day , until your symptoms are controlled well enough with a different treatment . see also section
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . how much to use adults the recommended dose is two puffs twice a day . it is recommended to use a different inhaler containing beclometasone dipropionate than for copd . your doctor may prescribe a lower dose , such as some other inhalers . route of administration riarify is for inhalation use . you should inhale the medicine through your mouth and this helps the medicine to get into your lungs as you breathe in . this medicine is contained in a pressurised container inside a plastic inhaling device fitted with a mouthpiece . the dose is either 60 or 120 puffs ( or 180 puffs ). there are two strengths ( 60 and 120 puff ) inhalations . each
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . there is a risk of worsening shortness of breath and wheezing immediately after using riarify . this is known as paradoxical bronchospasm ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if this occurs you should use an inhaler straightaway to treat the shortnessof breath and the wheeziness . you should contact your doctor immediately . if you experience any allergic reactions like skin allergies , hives , skin itching or skin rash , which may affect more than 1 in 100 people : reddening of the skin , swelling ofthe skin and mucous membranes . uncommon : rash at the site of inhalation . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . reporting of side effects
what riarify contains - the active substances are beclometasone dipropionate , formoterol fumarate dihydrate and glycopyrronium . each ml of solution contains 87 micrograms ( 5 g ) of becloMETasONE di propionate, 5 microgram ( corresponding to 0 . 5 microliters of formoterrol fusarate dhydrate ), 9 microgram( s ) Glycopyrronium and 11 microgram (" glycopyronium bromide ”). the valve contains 100 microlitres ( 100 iu ) beclomitasine dipropite / 6 microlitre ( 0. 56  g ). each vial contains a sufficient amount ( 108 . 0 microgram ) amount ( 1 . 6 microgram of
vipidia contains the active substance alogliptin which belongs to a group of medicines called dpp - 4 inhibitors ( dipeptidyl peptidase - 2 inhibitors ). it is one of a class of oral anti - diabetics that helps control blood sugar levels . it is used to treat adult patients with type 2 diabetes . this type of diabetes is also known as non - insulin - dependent diabetes mellitus , or niddm . vippidia is used in patients who are unable to take insulin or other anti , diabetic medicines such as sulphonylureas ( like glipizide , tolbutamide , glibenclamide , metformin ), and diet and exercise .
do not take vipidia : - if you are allergic to alogliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before or during taking the medicine , if : you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . symptoms of a seriously allergic reaction may include rash , raised red patches on your skin ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . additional symptoms may include general itching and feeling of heat especially affecting the scalp , mouth , throat and palms of hands and soles of the hands . these may be symptoms of an upper respiratory tract infection . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . vipidia must always be taken together with other medicines , to help your doctor determine your blood sugar levels . see the table below for other medicines which may be more suitable for you : the recommended dose is one 25 mg tablet once daily , taken with or without food . swallow the tablet with a glass of water . do not crush or chew the tablet , as it may affect the way the medicine is absorbed into your body . patients with kidney disease : if your doctor thinks a reduced dose of one 12 . 5 mg tablet per day ( total daily dose of 6 . 25 mg ), whichever is higher . your doctor will monitor your kidney disease and may adjust your dose if necessary . people with liver disease who have mildly or moderately reduced liver function should take
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any of the side effects below , tell your doctor straight away : - an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include a rash , hives , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue , and feeling faint . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction and may include skin lesions or spots on your skin that may progress to a sore , pale or red rings , blistering or peeling of the skin , symptoms of itching , fever and overall ill feeling . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose or stop your treatment with vipidia . side effects may occur with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a viral infection - skin
what vipidia contains - the active substance is alogliptin . each tablet contains 25 mg / 0 . 5 ml of solution , corresponding to 25 micrograms / mg . - this corresponds to a 17 . 6 million international units [ miu ] ( 300 microgram ) of aLOGliptIN . the other ingredients are : - tablet core : maize starch , microcrystalline cellulose , ( e460 ), hydroxypropylcellulose ( 6000 ), microscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate - film coating : theolympic , and hypromellose , titanium dioxide , red iron oxide , macrogol 8000 , shellac , black iron oxide [ e172 ] and sunset yellow fcf [ 12 
intrinsa is a transdermal patch that constantly releases small amounts of testosterone that is absorbed through your skin into the bloodstream . the testosterone produced naturally by the body is the same hormone as that produced naturally . after removal of the ovaries , testosterone drops to half of the levels compared to before the operation . decrease in testosterone has been associated with low sexual desire , reduced sexual thoughts and reduced sexual arousal . all or any of these problems can cause personal distress or relationship difficulties . this condition is known as hypoactive sexual desire disorder , also known as hsdd , and is used by women of 60 years of age and who : - have had their womb removed , or if they have experienced distress or are in distress after having had both of them , have had both : both of their oocytes removed ( hysterectomy ), and
do not use intrinsa : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to testosterone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using insa the following are reasons why it is important that you tell your doctor before using this medicine , that you have or have had breast cancer , or any other cancer - dependent ' cancers that are related to estrogen or testosterone . this is because heart , liver or kidney disease may increase the risk of oedema . it may be a serious complication that can occur if the levels of testosterone in the blood are too low compared to the amount of testosterone delivered by the intrains a patch . - you have cancer of the lining of your womb ( endometrial cancer ). there is limited information on the
always use intrinsa exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended starting dose is 3 to 4 patches per day . after 3 weeks , your doctor may increase your dose to 4 to 300 mg per 24 hours . stick the patch onto your skin in the lower part of your abdomen ( waist ), between your breasts and bottom of your skin at the application site . do not apply lotions , moisturisers or powders to major creases or skin folds . avoid rashes and other skin problems such as hair . when you are done with your patch , stick the new patch on to a different area of skin on your abdomen . to avoid skin irritation , avoid placing the patch on areas of skin that are more sensitive to the sun and uv ( ultraviolet ) light . don ' t cut
like all medicines , intrinsa can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience hair loss ( a common side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) or enlargement of the clitoris ( an uncommon side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people ). if this happens , hair is mainly injected into the chin or upper lip ( the most commonly side effect ) and is likely to be less noticeable at first . this effect is common at the beginning of treatment and is usually not serious . it can also happen at the start of treatment . in general , it is not harmful to the surrounding areas . your doctor will check for voice deepening or hoarseness as well as this is not a typical side effect but it is important to read the information later in this section under " warnings and precautions
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not store above 30 . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what intrinsa contains the active substance is testosterone . each patch contains 8 . 4 mg of testosterone , releasing 300 micrograms of testosterone over 24 hours . the other ingredients are : sorbitan oleate , 2 - ethylhexylacrylate 1 - vinyl syringe - 2 pyrrolidone co - polymer . backing layer 25 translucent polyethylene backing film printed with ink containing sunset yellow fcf ( e110 ), latolrubine bk ( k29 / 32 ) and copper phthalocyanine blue pigment . protective release liner siliconised polyester film , clear , oval patch with " 93 " imprinted on the back , each patch is sealed in a sachet . pack sizes : 2 , 8 and 24 patches 
idefirix belongs to a group of medicines called immunosuppressants . it is used after your kidney transplantation to suppress the immune system ( the body ' s natural defences ). it works by reducing the amount of the immunoglobulin g ( igg ), a protein produced by a bacterium called streptococcus pyogenes .
you must not be given idefirix if you are allergic to imlifidase or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a severe infection or a blood disorder called thrombotic thromcytopenic purpura ( ttp ). this is where blood clots form in small blood vessels throughout the body . warnings and precautions infusion reactions during treatment , irbecquerel may cause allergic reactions to medicines made from your body in rare cases . signs of an allergic reaction tell your doctor or nurse straight away if , while on treatment you have any symptoms of an allergy reaction such as severe rash , shortness of breath , feeling hot or flushing . your doctor will check you during and after the infusion to check that it is safe for you to continue . if your doctor suspects that
idefirix will be given to you in a hospital or clinic under the supervision of a doctor experienced in kidney transplantation . a healthcare professional will give you the medicine by infusion ( drip ) into a vein over a period of 15 minutes . your dose will be calculated depending on your weight and on the transplantation date . you will be asked to follow the instructions for dose calculation . detailed instructions for use and handling are given at the end of the leaflet for medical and healthcare professionals on how to prepare and give infusion of IDEfirix . they will be there to monitor you during and after the infusion , and will adjust your dose if you have any side effects .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any signs of infection such as fever , chills , cough , feeling weak or generally unwell . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an infusion reaction causing severe rash , shortness of breath , suddenly feeling hot , flushing . common infusion reactions causing muscle pain and fatigue . these may be symptoms of myalgia and may affect up to 1 in10 people . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ).
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted solution : chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 4 - 25 . from a microbiological point of view , unless reconsitution has taken place in a sterile environment , no centralised storage would be needed . the product must not be used if it is discoloured or if particulate matter or discoloration is found .
what idefirix contains - the active substance is imlifidase . each vial contains 11 mg of imlidasE . after reconstitution , each ml of concentrate contains 10 mg iml ( 33 mg ). -  the other ingredients are mannitol , polysorbate 80 , trometamol , disodium edetate dihydrate , hydrochloric acid ( for ph adjustment ) and water for injections ( see section 2 under ' important information about some of these ingredients '). what idesfirix looks like and contents of the pack - imlix is supplied as a glass vial containing a powder for concentrate for solution for infusion ( powder for concentrated ). the powder is white and the solvent is a white freeze . packs of 1 vial are available . not all pack sizes may be
the active substance of descovy is emtricitabine . it is an antiretroviral medicine known as a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ) tenofovir alafenamide . ntrtis is a type of antibiotic called a non - retroviral medicinal product . what it is used for ducovy consists of two different active substances : - elbasvir / grazoprevir 1 - 9 - micrograms ( a )- hepatitis b - pimozide - 2 - trihydrate - poly ( pd - 3 - particulate matter ). - the active ingredient in descovying , quinidine is used to treat hiv - 1 infection in adults and adolescents 12 years
do not take descovy : if you are allergic to emtricitabine , tenofovir alafenamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions your doctor should be aware of the extra risks that this medicine can pose for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking dercovy as you may be at greater risk of getting hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people 66 . this medicine is not a cure for hiv infection ; therefore , you should continue to take the medicine until your doctor tells you to stop . you may still develop infections or other illnesses associated with hiv
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is : adults : one tablet each day with food adolescents aged 12 years and older , who weigh at least 35 kg . you should take your medicine at least once a day . your doctor may adjust the dose based on how you respond to the treatment . patients not on dialysis : when descovy is given to you , your doctor will give you instructions on how to switch from one treatment to another . people who are not able to swallow tablets should not take deskovy , but talk to their doctor if they are unsure . when to take : patients who have recently taken dialytic , or who are unable to swallow whole tablets , the amount or the type of food you take may vary , depending on how your body responds
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any signs of inflammation or infection . in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infections in the past , signs of infections may occur in patients with a weak immune system . this may present as symptoms of inflammation from previous infections . your doctor may decide to treat you with antiretroviral treatment . it is thought that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . autoimmune disorders , when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue , may also occur after you start taking descovy . these include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrho
what descovy contains - the active substances are emtricitabine and tenofovir alafenamide . each ducovy film - coated tablet contains 200 mg of eltricitatabine et . and tafonamide fumarate equivalent to 10 mg / 0 . 5 ml of tenoviralafent .  the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium , magnesium stearate . film coat : polyvinyl alcohol , titanium dioxide , macrogol 3350 , iron oxide black ( e172 ). what lescovy looks like and contents of the pack descoviness film  coated tablets are green , rectangular - shaped tablets , debossed with " gsi " on
the name of your medicine is desloratadine teva . deslorate - derlorate is an antihistamine . you must look after your child ' s mouth every day to help him or her breathe more easily . - deslorating te helps to make your immune system feel drowsy . it helps control your allergic reaction and its symptoms . when deslorantadiene tva should be used deslorATadines t Eva relieves symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis ( inflammation of the nasal passages caused by an allergy , for example , hay fever or allergy to dust mites ) in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older . these symptoms include sneezing , runny or itchy nose , itchy palate , and swallowing .
do not take desloratadine teva : - if you are allergic to deslorate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to lorat dine ( another medicine that may be absorbed by the body ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and while taking deslorating te if : you have poor kidney function you have medical or familial history of seizures you have 12 years of age or older you are taking other medicines . children and adolescents there is no information on the use of deslorates . talk to the doctor or pharmacist before taking a tablet if any of these apply to you . the effects on the kidneys are not known . use in children less than 12 years old is not known in this age group . other medicines and deslorantadines tratra tell
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are not sure . adults and adolescents 12 years of age and over the recommended dose is one tablet once a day with water , with or without food . this medicine is for oral use . swallow the tablet whole . regarding the duration of treatment , your doctor will determine the type of allergic rhinitis you are suffering from and will determine for how long you should take desloratadine teva . if your allergic rapiitis is intermittent ( presence of symptoms for less than 4 days per week or for more than 4 weeks ), your physician will recommend you a treatment schedule that will depend on the evaluation of the history of your disease . in case of a repeating assessment of your allergic rhinoitis , symptoms for 4 days or more per week and for more
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of desloratadine teva , cases of severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , hives and swelling ) have been reported very rarely . if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a dummy tablet . the signs may include fatigue , dry mouth and headache . headache was the most commonly reported side effect when compared with the corresponding clinical studies with deslorate . reported side effects in children were about 1 in 10 people . they were more likely to experience diarrhoea . adults also reported the side effects for which the medicine was commonly reported . children aged 1 to
what desloratadine teva contains - the active substance is deslorate . each tablet contains 5 milligrams deslorates .  the other ingredients are : tablet core : microcrystalline cellulose , pregelatinised maize starch , talc , silica colloidal anhydrous , lactose monohydrate . tablet coating : hypromellose , titanium dioxide , macrogol 400 , indigo carmine , shellac and propylene glycol . what leslorat adle te looks like and contents of the pack blue , oval , biconvex film - coated tablets , marked with d5 on one side and elongated on the other side . desloratulladine in a bottle is supplied as 5 mm in length , film
erelzi is a medicine that is made from two human proteins . it blocks the activity of another protein in the body that causes inflammation , and slows down the inflammation associated with certain diseases . in adults ( aged 18 and over ), erelelzi can be used for : moderate or severe rheumatoid arthritis ; psoriatic arthritis , severe axial spondyloarthritis ( including ankylosing schizoilitis ), moderate or severely esoriasis in adults . for the treatment of a certain type of rhoed arthritis the doctor will decide if the medicine is suitable for you , or it may be used alone , whether alone or together with methotrexate . although most people will respond well enough to methotredxate in combination with a lower dose . 
do not use erelzi : - if you are allergic to etanercept or any of the other ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using er . allergic reactions , such as chest tightness , wheezing , dizziness or rash , have been reported in patients using the active substance . if any of these applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . you may be at greater risk of developing a serious blood infection called sepsis . your doctor may want to monitor you more closely , as there is a higher risk of getting an infection . it is important to tell your surgeon , who will decide if and when you should be treated . children and adolescents allergic reactions are possible . some types of allergic reactions can be serious , including chest
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose of erelzi is 25 mg given once a week , followed by 50 mg every other week . use in children and adolescents ( aged 18 years and older ) rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis and axial spondyloarthritis without radiographic evidence of ankylosing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions — erelzi may cause trouble swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , throat , hands , or feet feeling nervous or anxious , throbbing sensations , sudden reddening of the skin and / or a warm feeling severe rash , itching or hives ( elevated patches of red or pale skin that often itch ) serious allergic reactions are rare . any of the above symptoms may indicate an allergic reaction , but you should seek immediate medical attention . if you experience any of these , you should contact your doctor . serious side effects you may need urgent medical attention or hospitalisation . these side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections of the airways ( including cold , runny nose ,
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the pre - filled syringe after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze . keep the vials in the outer carton in order to protect from light . the erelzi solution should be used immediately after preparation . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user and would normally not be longer than 25 hours at 2oc 8oc followed by four weeks after removal from the refrigerator . at the end of this 4 - week period following the removal from refrigeration , it should be discarded . during the period after which , the solution in the yyrinke may appear slightly opalescent , colourless to slightly yellow
what erelzi contains - the active substance is etanercept . each pre - filled syringe contains 25 mg of eetannercept ( as a single dose ). each ml solution contains 50 mg / 0 . 75 mmol of  elektron .  the other ingredients are : citric acid anhydrous , sodium citrate dihydrate ( e331 ), sodium chloride , sucrose , l - lysine hydrochloride / 1 , 2 - lactose / sodium hydroxide ( see ' important information about sodium chloric acid and water for injections ' in section 2 ). what eralzi looks like and contents of the pack erеlzi is provided as : - as ready to use a pre 
doptelet belongs to a group of medicines called thrombopoietin receptor agonists ( trombosis ) and it is used for the treatment of chronic liver disease in adults . it is given to patients with low platelet count , also known as thrombocytepenia , in a medical procedure to prevent bleeding which may occur due to the lack of platelets . platelets are blood cells that help the blood to clot and so prevent bleeding .
do not take doptelet : - if you are allergic to avatrombopag or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking dop Telet . blood clots can form in the veins or arteries and can be severe . this can be very dangerous as blood coagulants can form and can make it harder for you to fight blood clits to form . if this applies to you , tell your doctor straight away . you can still be treated with doptelt if your doctor considers that it is safe for you . tell the doctor if any of these apply to you as well . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . it is not known if the medicine is safe and effective in
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . dose your doctor will calculate the dose you need for your procedure . the usual dose is one 5 mg tablet once a day , for at least 8 weeks . swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take doptelet with or without food . do not chew , crush or split the tablet as it may affect the way the medicine is absorbed and may take several hours to work . your doctor may decide to increase or decrease the dose depending on your platelet counts and on which medicine is absorption . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under the age of 10 years , weighing less than 13 kg . take the tablet before a meal , at about the same time each day . this will give your body a chance to recover from
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling tired uncommon ( might affect up to 1 in 100 people ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) blood clot in the portal vein ( blood vessel which transports blood from the liver to the intestines ) upper abdominal pain , swelling bone pain muscle aches fever reporting of side effects 25 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine from the manufacturer .
what doptelet contains - the active substance is avatrombopag maleate . each film - coated tablet contains 20 mg of avrokapag . -- the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 ), microcrystalline cellulose , crospovidone type b [ e1201 ], silica , colloidal anhydrous , magnesium stearate , vinyl alcohol ( partially hydrolysed ), talc , macrogol 3350 , titanium dioxide ( e171 ), iron oxide yellow and / or sunset yellow fcf aluminum , iron oxide red and e110 . what dopet looks like and contents of the pack optelet 20 mg tablets are pale yellow , round and rounded , marked with " az " on one side and " 20 " on the
fabrazyme contains the active substance agalsidase beta , which is used in enzyme replacement therapy in adults and children of all ages with fabry disease . it works by increasing the level of  - galactosidae enzyme activity in the body . in people with Fabry disease the level cannot be controlled with other medicines or with globotriaosylceramides alone , a form of protein which is found in many parts of the body and which can affect the walls of the blood vessels . Fabrazeme is used for long - term enzyme replacement therapies in adults with this condition . the benefit of fabrayme for patients aged 8 years and above .
you must not be given fabrazyme : - if you are allergic to agalsidase beta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . you will be monitored closely while you are being given the recommended dose . there is a small chance that you may experience a reduction in the number of infusion associated reactions following an infusion . the most common type of associated reaction is any side effect that occurs during the infusion or shortly after it . if such reactions occur , you may be given additional medicines to manage such reactions . in clinical studies with Fabrazeme in children and adolescents 5 to 7 years old : no data are available on the safety and efficacy of these medicines in children younger than 5 years of age . using other medicines please tell your doctor 
fabrazyme will be given to you by a doctor or nurse as a drip into a vein ( by intravenous infusion ). the solution is a powder which will be dissolved in sterile water before it is given . health care professionals trained in the use of this medicine will be trained to prepare and give the medicine . detailed instructions for use are given at the end of the leaflet . fabrayyme is given to patients with fabry disease . the usual dose is one vial ( 1 ml ) once a day . use in children and adolescents ( 2 years of age and older ) if you have kidney disease , the recommended dose is two vials ( 8 mg ) every 16 hours . your doctor may increase the dose to 1 mg / kg every 2 weeks . people with kidney disease may also be treated with another medicine called ' treatment
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in clinical studies and post - marketing experience the following side effects were reported with the medicine : severe life - threatening allergic reactions ( anaphylactoid reactions ) if you experience any serious side effect , tell your doctor immediately . very common symptoms ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : chills , fever , feeling cold ( nausea ), vomiting , headache , abnormal feelings in the skin ( burning and tingling ), decrease in the infusion rate . your doctor may prescribe additional medicines to reduce this risk . most of the side effects listed below have been mild in nature and are most common at the start of treatment . however , most of these effects are mild to moderate and occur within the first week after administration . if they persist , consult your doctor .
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and carton after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 24 hours at 2 to 8 . from a microbiological point of view , unless the method of reconstitution and diluted solutions the reconstituted solution should be used immediately . if the diluted solution is not administered immediately , it should be stored in the refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not throw away any medicines via wastewater . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use . these measures will help protect the environment .
what fabrazyme contains - the active substance is agalsidase beta , equivalent to 35 mg / ml .  the other ingredients are : - mannitol - sodium phosphate monobasic , - monohydrate ( s ): o concentrate : sodium phosphonate dibasic ( e331 ) and heptahydrate . ( see ' important information about some of the ingredients in this pack '). what the solvent vial contains the active substances are ethanol , white to off - white powder . after reconstitution , the reconstituted solution should be clear and colourless . pack sizes of 1 , 5 or 10 vials are available . not all pack sizes may be marketed .
the name of your medicine is xeloda . it belongs to a group of medicines called " cytostatic medicines ", which stop the growth of cancer cells . in the majority of cases , the active substance of xеloduda is capecitabine . this is a cytodynamic medicine , an active anti - cancer medicine . xelelodea is used in the treatment of colon , rectal , gastric , or breast cancers . furthermore , another medicine is used to prevent new occurrence of colon cancer after complete removal of the tumour by surgery . your doctor will discuss with you the type of medicine that is most appropriate for you . you may also be given xxelada either alone or together with other medicines .
do not take xeloda - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if there is an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , e . g . severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy , which is a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil , pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine as you may : have low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) have severe liver or kidney problems have or have had problems with the enzyme dihydropyrime dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dped defici
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . xeloda should only be prescribed by a doctor experienced in the use of anticancer medicines . your doctor will prescribe a dose and treatment regimen that is right for you and will vary depending on your condition . the dose of the two active substances is given in combination with another medicine called anaesthetic ( see section " warnings and precautions "). the usual dose of xa is based on your body surface area ( which is calculated from your height and weight ) and should be given in international units ( iu ) ( body weight of 64 kg and height of 1 . 64 m ) if your body area is 1, 7 . 7 m2 and should take 4 tablets of 500 mg and 1 tablet of 150 mg two times a day .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking xeloda and contact a doctor immediately if any of these symptoms occur : diarrhoea : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movement each day . if this happens , you should contact your doctor at once . vomiting : you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . you lose your appetite , and this can lead to stomatitis . pain , redness , swelling , or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - squeezing : these symptoms may be a sign of a condition called cataplexy ( see section 2 ). hives : they usually develop
what xeloda contains - the active substance is capecitabine . each tablet of xxelada 150 mg contains 150 mg of capеcitabine each x - iu tablet contains 500 mg of capsule capectind ( as mesilate ).  the other ingredients are :  tablet core : anhydrous lactose , croscarmellose sodium ( e468 ), hypromellose ( 3 mpa . s ), microcrystalline cellulose , and magnesium stearate ( type a ). in addition , the tablet coating contains : in ethanol ( alcohol ) 209 - 1510 , as well as talc , indigo carmine ( k29 / 32 ). what xiaelda looks like and contents of
olanzapine glenmark europe contains the active substance olapine which belongs to a group of medicines called antipsychotics . the main active substance of olzapinе glend europe is a substance used to treat the following conditions : schizophrenia , a disease with symptoms such as hearing , seeing or sensing things which are not there , mistaken beliefs , unusual suspiciousness , and becoming withdrawn . people with this disease may also feel depressed , anxious or tense . moderate to severe manic episodes , an a condition with symptoms of excitement or euphoria olangane glasnmark european has been shown to prevent recurrence of these symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder whose manic episode has responded to ozanzapin e treatment .
do not take olanzapine glenmark europe - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance , to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , swollen face , particularly if itching spread to the tongue or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine , especially if : - you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). if any of these apply to you then tell your dentist that you are taking a different dose of a tablet . your doctor may need to reduce the dose or stop your tablet altogether . take special care with 
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . your doctor will tell you how many olanzapine glenmark europe orodispersible tablets to take and how long you should continue to take them . the daily dose of olazapinе glend europe is between 5 mg and 20 mg . consult your doctor if your symptoms return but do not stop taking a dose less than once a day . try to take your rompa - diet plan carefully . it does not matter whether you take more than one or two tablets per day , but take your tablets around the same time each day and follow any dietary advice that your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of problems with your mouth . take a tablet or one tablet in the morning with or without food .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people ), especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . you should report these symptoms immediately to your doctor . it is important to make sure that you are aware of the extra risks .
what olanzapine glenmark europe contains - the active substance is adenocarcinoma of the same origin , asosinurad . - each ozanzapina glend europe orodispersible tablet contains either 5 , 10 , 15 , or 20 mg / ml . the exact amount is shown on the blister and on the other side , 84 %, w - 135 , and / or mannitol ( e 421 ), microcrystalline cellulose, aspartame ( novo e 951 ), crospovidone ( type a ), magnesium stearate what s - 234 looks like and contents of the pack olazapinе glender europe are yellow coloured circular flat bevelled edge oro
tecfidera contains the active substance dimethyl fumarate . it belongs to a group of medicines called ' oral anti - inflammatory medicines '. they work by blocking specific receptors in the body , which are involved in the recurrence of multiple sclerosis ( rms ). rpms is a long - term condition that affects the central nervous system ( cns ), including the brain and the spinal cord . relapsing - recitending , remitting , or repeated attacks ( relapses ) of nervous system symptoms . symptoms may include walking difficulties , feeling off balance , visual difficulties and blurred or double vision . when these symptoms occur , they are usually mild to moderate and often disappear for a period of time . your doctor will discuss with you the best course of action .
do not take tecfidera if : you are allergic to dimethyl fumarate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you have a rare brain infection known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tecfiedera as it may affect your white blood cell counts . your doctor will check your kidneys and your liver before starting treatment with tecfera . before you start taking your first dose , your doctor may decide to carry out a blood test to check that these white blood cells are adequate . in some patients with kidneys or liver not working properly , treatment may be restarted . as a result , an increase in the number of white blood samples is required and additional analytic measures are put in place to prevent your treatment from
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the usual starting dose is one 120 mg tablet once a day for the first 7 days . after that , the usual dose is two 240 mg tablets per day . your doctor will decide how many days of treatment you need . do not change the dose unless your doctor tells you to . take tecfidera around the same time every day ( for example , one tablet in the morning and one in the evening ). swallow the tablet whole with a glass of water . you can take your tablet with or without food . however , you may find it easier to take it at the same times every day , so it is easier to follow the advice of your doctor . if possible , show the doctor your pack of tablets , as well as this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious effects tecfidera may cause lower lymphocyte counts ( a type of white blood cell ) which may be very high for a patient . a low white blood cells count can be a sign of infection . for example , if you have a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). this can lead to severe disability or death . in patients with pml ( see section 1 ) it can take up to 5 weeks before you start treatment . this is because in a few cases , the number of your white bloodcells may decrease . your doctor will monitor you closely during your treatment , and you may get any potential symptoms of pml or pml as a medicine . it is very important that you talk to your doctor if
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blisters after exp . this medicine does not require any special temperature storage conditions . store in the outer carton in order to protect from light . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help protect the environment .
what tecfidera contains - the active substance is dimethyl fumarate . - tecfiedera 120 mg film - coated tablets : each tablet contains 120 mg dimethyl fusarate ( as methacrylic acid ethyl acrylate copolymer ). - infusion : TECfiDERa 240 mg film coating : one tablet contains 240 micrograms of dimethyl furarate in each millilitre . the other ingredients are : microcrystalline cellulose , croscarmellose sodium ; talc , silica colloidal anhydrous ( e551 ); magnesium stearate 80 %, hydroxychloric acid hydrolysed ; 3 hydroxypropyl citrate ; methacyic acid methyle copoLYmer ( 1 : 1 
cosentyx contains the active substance secukinumab . secukinsumabe is a monoclonal antibody , a type of protein that recognises and attaches to certain proteins in the body . it belongs to a group of medicines called interleukin ( il ) inhibitors . this medicine works by blocking the activity of a protein called il- 17a , which is involved in the development of cells and causing them to grow and divide . these cells are used for the treatment of patients with increased levels in diseases such as those with psoriasis , in patients with a history of soriatic arthritis and axial spondyloarthritis ( s - cs ). cosentryx is intended for use in adults only . the treatment is also used to treat the following inflammatory diseases :
you must not be given cosentyx : - if you are allergic to secukinumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if your doctor thinks you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are allowed to be vaccinated . you have an active infection . there is insufficient experience in treating people receiving cosentryx . - you currently have an infection or have long - term or repeated infections such as tuberculosis ( an inflammatory disease affecting the gut , for example , crohn ' s disease ), or an inflammation of your large intestine ( ulcerative colitis ). you have recently had or plan to have a vaccination . your doctor may decide to give you a vaccine during treatment
cosentyx is given by injection under the skin ( as a subcutaneous injection ). your doctor or nurse will show you how to prepare and give your injections . do not try to inject yourself unless you have been trained by your doctor . your doctor will explain to you how much you need and how often you need them . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor at once . you can get help from someone who has been trained to give injections at home . how much to use plaque psoriasis the usual starting dose is 300 mg ( two 300 mg injections of 150 mg each week ) two times a week . further weekly injections on days 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 have been given . the number of injections that you need to take each week is as follows : 300 mg and 150 mg every 6 weeks . body weight 25 kg or more 75
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking cosentyx and see a doctor straight away if you notice the following side effects you may need urgent medical attention : serious infection with fever , flu - like symptoms , night sweats feeling tired or short of breath , cough which will not go away warm , red and painful skin , a painful skin rash with blisters burning sensation when passing urine serious allergic reaction difficulty breathing or swallowing low blood pressure , dizziness or light - headedness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat sores in the mouth , difficulty swallowing or passing urine not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data serious infection , which may be life - threatening and require hospitalisation . signs include : cough , sore throat , runny
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the vial label and the carton after exp . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). the solution should be used immediately after preparation . if not used immediately , in - use storage times and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . however , the product may be stored at 2 8 for up to 24 hours at 2 to 8 , unless the solution is prepared and diluted prior to removal from the refrigerator . please record the date of removal from refrigeration on the product carton . cosentyx is for single use only . discard this medicine if it is discoloured , cloudy , or if particles are present . this medicine can be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to throw away medicines you no longer use .
what cosentyx contains - the active substance is secukinumab . each vial of powder for solution for injection contains 150 mg of seCUkinUMab ( as mesilate ). after reconstitution , 1 ml of clear , colourless to pale yellow solution contains approximately 150 mg / 0 . 75 mmol ( 0h ). - other ingredients ( excipients ) are sucrose , histidine ( e334 ), Histidine hydrochloride monohydrate , and polysorbate 80 . ( see end of section 2 ). ( notes information about some of the ingredients of cosentaryx ). what coentyx looks like and contents of the pack cosentinessx powder for concentrate for solution is a white solid powder which is used to dissolve the powder in a vial . one pack contains one via
mirapexin , which contains the active substance pramipexole , belongs to a group of medicines known as dopamine agonists , and stimulates the adrenal glands of the brain to increase their activity . stimulation of these receptors triggers nerve impulses in the brain that help to control body movements . mirapezin is used to : - treat the symptoms of primary parkinson ' s disease in adults . it can be used alone or in combination with levodopa ( another medicine for parkinsons ' disease ). - alleviate the symptoms in patients with moderate to severe primary restless legs syndrome in adults and adolescents .
do not take mirapexin : - if you are allergic to pramipexole or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before and during your treatment with mirapExin . tell your doctor if any medical conditions or symptoms are serious or include symptoms of kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucings are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if your doctor has told you that you have advanced parkinson ' s disease and you are also taking levodopa , you may develop dyskineia more often than during the up - coming - up . mirapezin may cause dystonia (
always take this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the doctor will advise you on the right dosing . you can take mirapexin with or without food . swallow the tablets with water . parkinson ' s disease the daily dose is to be taken divided into 3 equal doses . during the first week , the usual dose is 1 tablet mirapezin 0 . 088 mg three times a day , in the morning and evening , at a dose of 0. 264 mg . this may be increased to 1 tablet in the evening if necessary . your doctor may increase your daily dose to one of the three tablets , i . e . to one or two tablets . in total , this will be increased every 2 weeks as directed by your doctor until your symptoms are controlled
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common - may affect up to 1 in10 people uncommon : May affect upto 1 in 100 people rare : might affect upt 1 in 1 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience one or more of the following side effects as they may be due to the following mechanisms : - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ), - dizziness , - nausea ( sickness ), common , urge to behave in an unusual way - hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that
what mirapexin contains - the active substance is pramipexole . each tablet contains 0 . 088 mg , corresponding to 0. 18 mg / m2 body surface area , respectively , which is equivalent to 0. 35 mg - each millilitre ( ml ) solution . the other ingredients are : tablet core : 0
panretin belongs to a group of medicines known as vitamin a - 1 - retinoids , which are similar to vitamin b vitamins - 2 . Panretin is used to treat aids in patients with kaposi ' s sarcoma , causing the ks lesions on the skin . it is used as part of your hiv treatment to reduce the skin or lesion on which the skin becomes swollen . by doing so , panretinic reduces the amount of semen released from your body .
do not use panretin - if you are allergic to alitretinoin or similar medicines , such as retinoids , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section pregnancy ). warnings and precautions ks lesions on the skin have been reported in patients treated with panretinoin . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents under 18 years of age . as a precautionary measure , the gel should not be applied to any other part of the body , including eyes , nostrils , mouth , lips , vagina and the tip of your penis , rectum or anus . if the gel is absorbed into the body it should be wiped off and / or rinsed off with water . do not throw away any
always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . apply the cap of panretin once a day , preferably on the skin . do not touch the gel on your ks unless your doctor tells you to . if necessary , you may remove the gel from the gel and apply it to the affected area before any side effects . you can use panretia for up to two weeks after the onset of your kets lesions with a clean finger , using a geneous coating of gel . each lesion is individually sealed in a separate sachet . once the lesion has been removed , the gel should be allowed to reach room temperature before it can be applied . it should not be applied directly into the skin where it should be . before applying the gel , check that the k
like all medicines , panretin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of peginterferon are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience panren redness , please tell your doctor , who may decide to reduce the dose , if there is irritation or swelling , or if your side effects become too uncomfortable , you should contact your doctor immediately . intense redness and irritation , such as rash , swelling or pain , can occur and your doctor may need to change your treatment . you can still be prescribed a medicine for panretiN . side effects on the skin have been reported in a small number of patients treated with panretia , and are very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) rash and scaling and irritation have also been reported . reporting of
keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use panretin after the expiry date which is stated on the tube and carton after ' exp '. store below 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light and moisture . remove the cap from the tube 90 days after first opening . keep the spanretin tube tightly closed with a metal safety seal . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment .
what panretin contains - the active substance is alitretinoin . one ml of gel contains 1 mg of alitertinin  ( 0 . 5 mmol ). - other ingredients are ethanol , macrogol 400 , hydroxypropylcellulose , butylhydroxytoluene ( e321 ) ( see end of section 2 ). what pantinen looks like and contents of the pack panretinoin is supplied in a 60 g epioxy - lined aluminium tube . each carton contains one tube of gel .
what macimorelin aeterna zentaris is and how it works the medicine contains macimorlin which is a copy of a natural hormone produced by the pituitary gland . it helps to release growth hormone from the blood stream into the cells of adult growth hormone deficiency . this medicine works by allowing the body to release enough growth hormone during adulthood .
do not take macimorelin aeterna zentaris : - if you are allergic to macrolin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before starting the test your doctor will take a reading of the results of the test . the reading should be done at least 8 hours before the test starts . you should carry out the test before physical exercise and at least 24 hours after the test to check the amount of growth hormone ( somatotropin ). growth hormone may be stored in the cells of your pituitary gland . if this applies to you , the test may be repeated at intervals . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before starting . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 1 year of age because there is no experience with this test in this age group . other medicines and maci
always take macimorelin aeterna zentaris exactly as your doctor has told you . you should check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the test will be performed by a doctor or a nurse . your doctor will explain the testing procedure and how much you should take . usually , the test takes about 8 minutes . a higher dose can be administered after the higher dose , if recommended by your doctor . more detailed instructions for use are given at the end of the leaflet ( see " physical exercises and behaviours "). the recommended dose is 24 mg / kg body weight administered once a day ( one tablet of 100 mg ) taken orally in one sitting position of 1 hour ( two tablets of 1 ml ). your doctor may adjust your dose up to one hour before giving you the test . dose for adults the usual dose for adolescents is 100 mg
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) a bitter or metallic taste ( dysgeusia ) tiredness headache feeling sick ( nausea ) dizziness diarrhoea feeling hot the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the effects above , or if they get worse after a few days . these effects are normally mild to moderate and go away within a couple of hours of treatment . uncommon side effects which may affect more than 1 in 100 people : abdominal pain cold hanger palpitations heart ( sinus bradycardia ); sleepiness thirst tremor vertigo frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 20 anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) abnormal dreams sleepiness
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the vial label after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted suspension the suspension should be used immediately but may be stored below 30 for up to 4 hours in a refrigerator ( 2 - 8 ). do not freeze .
what macimorelin aeterna zentaris contains - the active substance is macimorlin ( as acetate ). each ml of the reconstituted suspension contains 60 milligrams maciorlin [ as apolyses ] ( as monohydrate ). one vial per millilitre ( 0 . 5 mL ) of the prepared suspension contains 500 micrograms Macimorellin . -the other ingredients are lactose monohydrate ( see section 2 , ' mac maci morelin asterna infusion contains lactoses '), colloidal anhydrous silica ( e551 ), crospovidone , saccharin sodium dihydrate , sodium stearyl fumarate , water for injections , ( see end of section 2 under ' more maci
enviage belongs to a new class of medicines called renin inhibitors , which help to lower high blood pressure . RENIN inhibitors reduce the amount of angiotensin ii the body can produce . angioTENsin is a substance produced in the body which binds to receptors in blood vessels causing them to tighten . this results in an increase in the blood pressure to normal levels . by binding to these receptors the recombinant technology allows the blood vessels to relax , lowering blood pressure and lowering the risk of high blood stress . it reduces the workload of the heart and arteries , and so lowers blood vessels of the brain , heart and kidneys ; and lowers the risk in the event of a stroke , cardiovascular failure ( heart attack ), or kidney failure .
do not take enviage - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to aliskiren or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before and during your treatment with  Enviage about all of your medical conditions , particularly : - angioedema ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - during the last 6 months of pregnancy or if your baby is unborn , it is not known if enviaage passes into human milk . see section " pregnancy and breastfeeding " below . take special care with entviage tell your doctor before you start to take this medicine , and during the first trimester to
enviage is for oral use only . patients with high blood pressure often do not notice any signs of the problem . many may feel quite normal . it is very important that you take this medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to get the best results and reduce the risk of side effects . keep your appointments with the doctor even if you are feeling well . the usual starting dose is one 150 mg tablet once daily . depending on how you respond to the treatment your doctor may prescribe a higher dose of one 300 mg tablet twice daily , or two 300 mg tablets once daily in the morning , in combination with other medicines prescribed by your doctor to treat high bloodpressure . method of administration it is recommended to take the tablets with a light meal once daily ( e . g . grapefruit juice ). you should swallow the tablets whole , with some water . do not chew , crush or split the tablets
like all medicines , enviage can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - diarrhoea . uncommon : - may affect more than 1 in 100 people . - skin rash . rare : can affect upto 1 in 1 , 000 people , angioedema ( difficulties in breathing , or swallowing or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). not known : cannot be estimated from the available data - kidney problems . the following side effects have been reported but their frequency is not known and you should report any side effects directly to the doctor or nurse .
what enviage contains the active substance is aliskiren ( as hemifumarate ) 150 mg . the other ingredients are crospovidone ( type a ), hypromellose , magnesium stearate in the tablet core as well as macrogol , microcrystalline cellulose , povidone , colloidal anhydrous silica , talc , titanium dioxide ( e 171 ), black iron oxide [ e 172 ], red iron oxide ] in the film - coating . what  Enviage looks like and contents of the pack entviage 150 mg film coated tablets are light - pink , biconvex round tablets , imprinted " il " on one side and " nvr " on the other side . they are available in packs containing 7 , 14 , 28 , 30
the name of your medicine is taxespira . its common name is docetaxel . the active substance in this medicine , docetaxil , belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxoids . taxoids are used to treat the following conditions : - breast cancer , in adults , with a type of lung cancer called non - small cell lung cancer . - prostate cancer ; - gastric cancer or head and neck cancer : in adult patients with advanced breast cancer the combination of taxpira could be administered either alone or in combination with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab . it is also used together with capecitabine , which has been shown to be the first indication of early breast cancer to come back or to slow down the progression of the disease .
you must not be given taxespira : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of taxpira ( listed in section 6 ). if the number of your white blood cells is too low . you have a severe liver disease . tell your doctor if any of these applies to you . warnings and precautions before each treatment with taxespirar , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive taxespirra . a few patients have experienced the following types of white blood cell disturbances : fever or infections , which may occur after the first few doses and you may experience abdominal pain or tenderness , diarrhoea , rectal haemorrhage , blood in stool , chest pain or fever . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose .
taxespira will be administered to you by a healthcare professional . usual dose the dose will depend on your weight and your general condition . your doctor will calculate your body surface area in square meters ( m2 ) and will determine the dose you should receive . method and route of administration taxespira is given by infusion into one of your veins ( intravenous use ). the infusion will last approximately one hour during which you will be in the hospital . frequency of administration you should usually receive your infusion once every 3 weeks . the doctor may change the dose and frequency of dosing depending on your blood tests , your general conditions and your response to taxespire . in particular , please inform your doctor in case of diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles , fever and give her / him
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of taxespira alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia ( leading to hair loss ), nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . if you experience any of these adverse events , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of taxpira or not . as with other chemotherapeutic agents , the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . allergic reactions may occur . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flushing , redness of the skin , burning sensation , itching . uncommon ( may
keep this medicine out of the sight and reach of children . do not use this medicine after the expiry date which is stated on the outer carton and on the label of the vial after exp . this medicine does not require any special storage conditions . reconstituted and diluted solution : do not store above 25 . store in the original package in order to protect from light . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . however , if reconstitution / dilution has taken place in controlled and validated aseptic conditions , it should be administered immediately and not stored above 25 for a single period of up to six months ( up to 25 days from the date of infusion ). if the infusion solution is prepared in a refrigerator ( 2 to 8 ), the product must not be put back in the refrigerator , but should be disposed of in accordance
what taxespira contains - the active substance is docetaxel ( as trihydrate ). each ml of concentrate contains 20 mg of docetaxil ( alsidic acid ). ( s ) ( corresponding to 1 % w / v ). the other ingredient is trihydrate ( 1 : 1 mg / vial ). - each 1ml sachet containing 1 mg does not contain any other ingredients . each vial is a clear , colourless to pale yellow , concentrate . ( 3 : 4 %) solution for injection contains 80 mg docetastel ( 6 %) solutions for injection , or 6 % solution ( 120 mg dotaxel in a 7 % volume ) or - solution ( 7 %) solvent for solution ( 100 mg ), or 140 mg doceaxel and 8 % concentration ( 8 
