like all medicines , cystagon can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . cystagon may cause some people to become drowsy or less vigilant than they are normally . make sure you know how you or your child reacts to this medicine before doing anything that could be dangerous if not alert . the following side effects were reported as follows : very common ( occurring in at least one in 10 patients ), common ( occurring in at least one in 100 patients ), uncommon ( occurring in at least one in1 , 000 patients ), rare ( occurring in at least one in 10 , 000 patients ), very rare ( occurring in at least one in 100 , 000 patients ). - very common : vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , fever and sensation of sleep - common : abdominal pain or discomfort , unpleasant breath and body odour , skin eruption , gastroenteritis , fatigue , headache , encephalopathy ( brain disorder ) and liver function test abnormalities . - uncommon : skin striae , skin lesion ( little - hard lumps on elbows ), joint laxity , leg pain , bone fracture , scoliosis ( deviation of the vertebral column ), bone deformity and fragility , hair discoloration , severe allergic reaction , somnolence , fits , nervousness , hallucination , decrease in white blood cells , gastrointestinal ulcer manifested by bleeding in the digestive tract and effect on the kidney manifested by swelling of the extremities and weight gain . since some of these side effects are serious , ask your or your child ' s doctor to explain their warning signs . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . tachosil is made of protein - containing components . the active components are made from human blood . all medicines based on human blood may uncommonly cause allergic reactions . in isolated cases these allergic reactions may progress to anaphylactic shock . these allergic reactions may occur especially if tachosil is used repeatedly or if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in tachosil . a clinical study has shown that some patients produced antibodies against the components of tachosil , however , no side effects were reported resulting from the development of these antibodies . scar tissues may develop in some patients after surgery and use of tachosil . bowel obstruction and pain following abdominal surgeries can also occur . the frequency of these types of events is not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ). your surgeon will make sure to clean the operating area when applying tachosil to reduce this risk . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate and associated with the infusion , however some side effects may be serious . over time the number of these infusion - associated reactions decreases . if you have problems breathing , with or without bluish skin , tell your doctor straight away and seek immediate medical assistance . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : headache flushing ( redness ) shortness of breath , wheezing abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , frequent and / or loose stools chest pain hives , rash , itching , redness of the skin fever infusion - related reaction ( see section entitled " warnings and precautions ") common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : dizziness , tremor rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , bluish skin increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure difficulty breathing , cough , low oxygen levels in your blood swollen tongue , indigestion pain in the joints infusion - site swelling , swelling of the extremities , facial swelling uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : quickened breathing side effects for which frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ) are : serious allergic reactions 25 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you notice anything unusual about your own health or your child ' s health . serious side effects — get medical help immediately serious allergic or skin reactions some people taking celsentri have developed severe and life - threatening skin reactions and allergic reactions . these are rare , and may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people taking celsentri . if you get any of the following symptoms while you ' re taking celsentri : swelling of the face , lips or tongue difficulty breathing widespread skin rash fever ( high temperature ) blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals . get medical help immediately if you get these symptoms . stop taking celsentri . liver problems these are rare , and may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people taking celsentri . signs include : loss of appetite feeling sick or being sick yellowing of skin or eyes skin rash or itching feeling very tired stomach pain or tenderness dark urine drowsiness and confusion fever ( high temperature ). contact a doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . stop taking celsentri . other side effects common side effects these may affect 1 to 10 in 100 people : diarrhoea , feeling sick , stomach ache , wind ( flatulence ), loss of appetite headache , problems sleeping , depression rash ( see also ' serious allergic or skin reactions ' earlier in section 4 ) feeling weak or lack of energy , anaemia ( seen in blood test result ) increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood test results ), which can be a sign of liver problems ( see also ' liver problems ' earlier in section 4 ). uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : lung infection fungal infection of the gullet ( oesophagus ) fits ( seizures ) 98 feeling dizzy , faint or light headed when standing up kidney failure , protein in the urine an increase in a substance known as cpk ( seen in blood test results ) which is a sign that muscles are inflamed or damaged . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : chest pain ( caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) decrease in muscle size some types of cancer , such as of the gullet ( oesophagus ) and bile duct decrease in number of blood cells ( seen in blood test results ). other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv people taking combination therapy for hiv may get other side effects . symptoms of infection and inflammation people with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems , and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). when they start treatment , the immune system becomes stronger , so the body starts to fight infections . symptoms of infection and inflammation may develop , caused by either : old , hidden infections flaring up again as the body fights them the immune system attacking healthy body tissue ( autoimmune disorders ). the symptoms of autoimmune disorders may develop many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . symptoms may include : muscle weakness weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body palpitations or tremor hyperactivity ( excessive restlessness and movement ). if you get any symptoms of infection or if you notice any of the symptoms above : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . joint pain , stiffness and bone problems some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue die because of reduced blood supply to the bone . it is not known how common this condition is . you may be more likely to develop it : if you have been taking combination therapy for a long time if you are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids if you drink alcohol if you have a very weak immune system if you are overweight . signs to look out for include : stiffness in the joints aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) difficulty moving . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported by patients taking crixivan : see your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic reactions - signs include itchy skin , redness of the skin , ' wheals ' or ' hives ', swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat and difficulty breathing . it is not known how often this may happen ( cannot be estimated from the available data ), but the reaction can sometimes be severe and include shock there are also other side effects that you may get while taking this medicine such as increased bleeding in haemophiliacs , muscle problems , signs of infection , and bone problems . please see ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 above . additional side effects include : very common ( affects more than 1 in 10 people ): headache rash or dry skin nausea vomiting altered taste sensations indigestion or diarrhoea stomach pain or swelling feeling dizzy , weak or tired . common ( affects less than 1 in 10 people ): passing gas itching dry mouth acid reflux muscle pain pain on urination difficulty getting to sleep feeling numb or unusual feeling of the skin . the following side effects have also been reported since the medicine has been used . how often they happen is not known : hair loss inflamed pancreas severe skin reactions darkening skin colour having a numb mouth low red blood cell count ingrown toenails with or without infection 70 liver problems such as inflammation or liver failure kidney problems such as kidney infection , worsening or loss of kidney function pain and difficulty moving shoulder . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : diarrhoea nerlynx can cause diarrhoea early during treatment unless anti - diarrhoeal medicines are taken to prevent or reduce diarrhoea . the diarrhoea may be severe , and you may get dehydrated . see section 3 for more information about the anti - diarrhoea medicine you need to take at the same time as nerlynx . talk to your doctor if : - you are having diarrhoea that does not go away - they can advise how to control your diarrhoea . - you feel dizzy or weak from diarrhoea - alternatively go to the hospital immediately . liver problems nerlynx can cause changes in liver function - these are shown in blood tests . you may or may not have signs or symptoms of liver problems ( e . g ., yellow skin and / or eyes , dark urine , or light - colour stools ). your doctor will do blood tests before and during your treatment with nerlynx . your doctor will stop your treatment with nerlynx if your liver tests show severe problems . other side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - diarrhoea - stomach pain , feeling or being sick , low appetite - dry or inflamed mouth , including blisters or mouth ulcers - rash - muscle spasms or cramps - feeling very tired common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - burning sensation during urination and frequent , and urgent need to urinate , ( may be symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - dehydration - nosebleed - mild stomach upset - dry mouth - changes in liver blood test results - nail problems including nail splitting or colour change - dry skin including cracked skin - changes in kidney function test - weight loss 32 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - kidney failure - changes in liver blood test results ( i . e ., blood bilirubin increased ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . like other similar medicines ( medicines to reduce blood clotting ), roteas may cause bleeding which may potentially be life - threatening . in some cases the bleeding may not be obvious . if you experience any bleeding event that does not stop by itself or if you experience signs of excessive bleeding ( exceptional weakness , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache or unexplained swelling ) consult your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . overall list of possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach ache ; abnormal liver blood tests ; bleeding from the skin or under the skin ; anaemia ( low levels of red blood cells ); bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from the vagina ; rash ; bleeding in the bowel ; bleeding from the mouth and / or throat ; blood found in your urine ; bleeding following an injury ( puncture ); bleeding in the stomach ; dizziness ; feeling sick ; headache ; itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bleeding in the eyes ; bleeding from a surgical wound following an operation ; blood in the spit when coughing ; bleeding in the brain ; other types of bleeding ; reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can affect clotting ); allergic reaction ; hives . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): bleeding in the muscles ; bleeding in joints ; bleeding in the abdomen ; bleeding in the heart ; bleeding inside the skull ; bleeding following a surgical procedure ; allergic shock ; swelling of any part of the body due to allergic reaction . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most serious side effects include mild alterations of blood cell counts ( red and white cells , platelets ), disorders that affect the nervous system ( neurological disorders ) like partial paralysis of one side of the body ( hemiparesis ) and blood clots that may obstruct blood vessels ( thromboembolism ). further frequently observed side effects are being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) and slight increase of some enzymes ( transaminases , γ - gt , amylase ) or bilirubin ( a bile pigment produced in the liver by breakdown of red blood pigment ) in the blood . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any complaints . side effects are divided into the following two categories : immediate side effects after having taken gliolan and before anaesthesia combined side effects of gliolan , anaesthesia , and tumour resection . after having taken gliolan and before start of anaesthesia , the following side effects may occur : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), decrease of blood pressure ( hypotension ), skin reactions ( for example rash , looking like sunburn ). in combination with anaesthesia and tumour resection further side effects may occur : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): mild alterations of blood cell counts ( red and white cells , platelets ), and slight increase of some enzymes ( transaminases , γ - gt , amylase ) or bilirubin ( a bile pigment produced in the liver by breakdown of red blood pigment ) in the blood . these changes peak between 7 and 14 days after surgery . the changes will completely resolve within a few weeks . usually you will not experience any symptoms when these changes occur . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), disorders that affect the nervous system ( neurological disorders ) like partial paralysis of one side of the body ( hemiparesis ), total or partial loss of ability to use or understand language ( aphasia ), seizures ( convulsions ) and blindness for half the field of vision in one or both eyes ( hemianopsia ), and blood clots that may obstruct blood vessels ( thromboembolism ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decrease of blood pressure ( hypotension ), brain swelling ( brain oedema ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) or not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease of your sense of touch ( hypaesthesia ), and loose or watery stools ( diarrhoea ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , protopy can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . approximately half of the patients who use protopy have some type of skin irritation where they have applied the ointment . burning sensation and itching are very common (> 10 %). these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within one week of using protopy . other common (> 1 %) side effects are redness , feeling of warmth , pain , increased skin sensitivity ( especially to hot and cold ), skin tingling , rash , folliculitis ( inflamed or infected hair follicles ) and herpes viral infections ( e . g . cold sores , generalised herpes simplex infections ). facial flushing or skin irritation after drinking alcohol is also common . acne is an uncommon side effect . rosacea and rosacea - like dermatitis have also been reported . since commercial availability a very small number of people who have used protopy ointment have had malignancies ( for example , skin or lymphoma ). however , a link to protopy ointment treatment has not been confirmed or refuted on the available evidence so far . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , irbesartan bms can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking irbesartan bms and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : at least 1 in 10 patients or more common : at least 1 in 100 and less than 1 in 10 patients uncommon : at least 1 in 1000 and less than 1 in 100 patients side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with irbesartan bms were : very common : if you suffer from high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , blood tests may show an increased level of potassium . common : dizziness , feeling sick / vomiting , fatigue and blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine kinase enzyme ). in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , dizziness when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in joints or muscles and decreased levels of a protein in the red blood cells ( haemoglobin ) were also reported . uncommon : heart rate increased , flushing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion / heartburn , sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ), chest pain . some undesirable effects have been reported since marketing of irbesartan bms but the frequency for them to occur is not known . these undesirable effects are : headache , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , muscle cramps , pain in joints and muscles , abnormal liver function , increased blood potassium 91 levels , impaired kidney function , and inflammation of small blood vessels mainly affecting the skin ( a condition known as leukocytoclastic vasculitis ). if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , feeling sleepy feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) lack of appetite trouble sleeping , feeling agitated , less sex drive , anxiety , difficulty or failure to experience orgasm , unusual dreams dizziness , feeling sluggish , tremor , numbness , including numbness , pricking or tingling of the skin blurred eyesight tinnitus ( hearing sound in the ear when there is no external sound ) feeling the heart pumping in the chest , increased blood pressure , flushing increased yawning constipation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , being sick ( vomiting ), heartburn or indigestion , breaking wind increased sweating , ( itchy ) rash muscle pain , muscle spasm painful urination , frequent urination problems getting an erection , changes in ejaculation falls ( mostly in elderly people ), fatigue weight loss children and adolescents under 18 years of age with depression treated with this medicine had some weight loss when they first start taking this medicine . weight increased to match other children and adolescents of their age and sex after 6 months of treatment . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) throat inflammation that causes a hoarse voice suicidal thoughts , difficulty sleeping , grinding or clenching the teeth , feeling disorientated , lack of motivation sudden involuntary jerks or twitches of the muscles , sensation of restlessness or an inability to sit or stand still , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , difficulty controlling movement e . g . lack of coordination or involuntary movements of the muscles , restless legs syndrome , poor sleep quality large pupils ( the dark centre of the eye ), problems with eyesight feeling of dizziness or " spinning " ( vertigo ), ear pain fast and / or irregular heart beat fainting , dizziness , lightheadedness or fainting on standing up , cold fingers and / or toes throat tightness , nose bleeds vomiting blood , or black tarry stools ( faeces ), gastroenteritis , burping , difficulty swallowing inflammation of the liver that may cause abdominal pain and yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes night sweats , hives , cold sweats , sensitivity to sunlight , increased tendency to bruise muscle tightness , muscle twitching difficulty or inability to pass urine , difficulty to start urinating , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow abnormal vaginal bleeding , abnormal periods , including heavy , painful , irregular or prolonged periods , unusually light or missed periods , pain in the testicles or scrotum chest pain , feeling cold , thirst , shivering , feeling hot , abnormal gait weight gain cymbalta may cause effects that you may not be aware of , such as increases in liver enzymes or blood levels of potassium , creatine phosphokinase , sugar , or cholesterol rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness with swollen tongue or lips , allergic reactions decreased thyroid gland activity which can cause tiredness or weight gain dehydration , low levels of sodium in the blood ( mostly in elderly people ; the symptoms may include feeling dizzy , weak , confused , sleepy or very tired , or feeling or being sick , more serious symptoms are fainting , fits or falls ), syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti - diuretic hormone ( siadh ) suicidal behaviour , mania ( over activity , racing thoughts and decreased need for sleep ), hallucinations , aggression and anger " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) coughing , wheezing and shortness of breath which may be accompanied by a high temperature inflammation of the mouth , passing bright red blood in your stools , bad breath , inflammation of the large intestine ( leading to diarrhoea ) liver failure , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( serious illness with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ), serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) contraction of the jaw muscle abnormal urine odour menopausal symptoms , abnormal production of breast milk in men or women excessive vaginal bleeding shortly after birth ( postpartum haemorrhage ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) 41 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 102 stop taking imbruvica and tell a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : itchy bumpy rash , difficulty breathing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat you may be having an allergic reaction to the medicine . tell a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , chills , body aches , feeling tired , cold or flu symptoms , being short of breath these could be signs of an infection ( viral , bacterial or fungal ). these could include infections of the nose , sinus or throat ( upper respiratory tract infection ), or lung , or skin . bruising or increased tendency of bruising . mouth sores headache constipation feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) diarrhoea , your doctor may need to give you a fluid and salt replacement or another medicine skin rash painful arms or legs back pain or joint pain muscle cramps , aches or spasms low number of cells that help blood clot ( platelets ), very low number of white blood cells shown in blood tests swollen hands , ankles or feet high blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) severe infections throughout the body ( sepsis ) infections of the urinary tract nose bleeds , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin blood in your stomach , gut , stools or urine , heavier periods , or bleeding that you cannot stop from an injury heart failure fast heart rate , missed heart beats , weak or uneven pulse , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , chest discomfort ( symptoms of heart rhythm problems ) an increase in the number or proportion of white blood cells shown in blood tests low white blood cell counts with fever ( febrile neutropenia ) unusual levels of chemicals in the blood caused by the fast breakdown of cancer cells have happened during treatment of cancer and sometimes even without treatment ( tumour lysis syndrome ) non - melanoma skin cancer , most frequently squamous cell and basal cell skin cancer feeling dizzy blurred vision redness of the skin high level of " uric acid " in the blood ( shown in blood tests ), which may cause gout inflammation within the lungs that may lead to permanent damage breaking of the nails weakness , numbness , tingling or pain in your hands or feet or other parts of the body ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) liver failure , including events with fatal outcome severe fungal infections confusion , headache with slurred speech or feeling faint these could be signs of serious internal bleeding in your brain 103 allergic reaction , sometimes severe , that may include a swollen face , lip , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , itchy rash ( hives ) inflammation of the fatty tissue underneath the skin temporary episode of neurologic dysfunction caused by loss of blood flow , stroke painful skin ulceration ( pyoderma gangrenosum ) or red , raised painful patches on the skin , fever and an increase in white blood cells ( these may be signs of acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis or sweet ' s syndrome ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severely increased white blood cell count that may cause cells to clump together . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ) severe rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . extavia may cause serious side effects . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . tell your doctor immediately and stop using extavia : - if you experience symptoms such as itching all over your body , swelling of your face and / or your tongue or sudden shortness of breath . - if you feel noticeably more sad or hopeless than before the treatment with extavia , or if you develop thoughts of suicide . - if you notice any unusual bruising , excessive bleeding after injury or if you seem to be catching a lot of infections . - if you experience loss of appetite , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), repeated vomiting , especially if you notice widespread itching , yellowing of the skin , or of the whites of the eyes or easy bruising . - if you experience symptoms like irregular heart beat , swelling such as of the ankles or legs , or shortness of breath . - if you notice pain in your belly which is radiating to your back , and / or you feel sick or have a fever . tell your doctor immediately : - if you get some or all of these symptoms : foamy urine , fatigue , swelling , particularly and the ankles and eyelids , and weight gain , as they may be signs of a possible kidney problem . at the beginning of treatment side effects are common but in general they decrease with further treatment . the most common side effects are : flu - like symptoms such as fever , chills , painful joints , malaise , sweating , headache , or muscular pain . these symptoms may be reduced by taking paracetamol or non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines such as ibuprofen . injection site reactions . symptoms can be redness , swelling , discolouration , inflammation , pain , hypersensitivity , tissue damage ( necrosis ). see " warnings and precautions " in section 2 for more information and what to do if you experience an injection site reaction . these may be reduced by the use of an auto - injector device . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for further information . to reduce the risk of side effects at the start of treatment , your doctor should start you on a low dose of extavia and increase it gradually ( see section 3 , " how to use extavia "). the following side effects listing is based on reports from clinical trials with extavia ( list 1 ) and from side effects reported on the marketed product ( list 2 ). list 1 : very common side effects which have occurred in clinical trials with extavia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and at a higher percentage than those observed with placebo . the list also includes side effects which occurred commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) but were significantly associated with the treatment : - infection , abscess - reduced number of white blood cells , swollen lymph glands ( lymphadenopathy ) - decrease in the amount of sugar in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) - depression , anxiety - headache , dizziness , sleeplessness , migraine , numbness or tingling feeling ( paraesthesia ) - eye inflammation ( conjunctivitis ), abnormal vision - ear pain - irregular , rapid beating or pulsation of the heart ( palpitation ) - redness and / or facial flushing due to widening of blood vessels ( vasodilation ), increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - runny nose , cough , hoarseness due to infection of the upper respiratory tract , sinusitis , cough increased , shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ) - diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain - rises in the blood levels of liver enzymes ( will show up in blood tests ) - skin disorder , rash - muscle stiffness ( hypertonia ), painful muscles ( myalgia ), muscular debility ( myasthenia ), back pain , pain in extremities such as fingers and toes - holding urine ( urinary retention ), protein in the urine ( will show up in urine tests ), urinary frequency , inability to hold back urination ( urinary incontinence ), urinary urgency - painful periods ( dysmenorrhoea ), menstrual disorder , heavy uterine bleeding ( metrorrhagia ) especially between menstrual periods , impotence - injection site reaction ( including redness , swelling , discolouration , inflammation , pain , allergic reaction , see section 2 " warnings and precautions "), skin breakdown and tissue damage ( necrosis ) at injection site ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions ") - flu - like symptoms , fever , pain , chest pain , accumulation of fluid in arm , leg or face ( peripheral oedema ), lack / loss of strength ( asthenia ), chills , sweating , general feeling of being unwell . in addition , the following side effects have been identified during post - marketing experience . list 2 : side effects reported on the marketed product ( frequencies - where known - based on clinical trials ): very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - painful joints ( arthralgia ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - the number of red cells in the blood may fall ( anaemia ), - the thyroid gland does not work properly ( too little hormone is produced ) ( hypothyroidism ), - weight increase or decrease , - confusion , - abnormally rapid heartbeat ( tachycardia ), - a reddish yellow pigment ( bilirubin ), which is produced by your liver , may rise ( this will show up in blood tests ), - swollen and usually itchy patches of skin or mucous membranes ( urticaria ), - itching ( pruritus ), - loss of scalp hair ( alopecia ), - menstrual disorders ( menorrhagia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - the number of platelets ( which help the blood to clot ) may fall ( thrombocytopenia ), - a certain type of blood fats ( triglycerides ) may increase ( will show up in blood tests ), see section 2 " warnings and precautions ", - suicide attempts , - mood swings , - convulsion , - a specific liver enzyme ( gamma gt ) which is produced by your liver , may rise ( this will show up in blood tests ), - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), - skin discolouration . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions , - the thyroid gland does not work properly ( thyroid disorders ), too much hormone is produced ( hyperthyroidism ), - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), see section 2 " warnings and precautions ", - blood clots in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uraemic syndrome ). symptoms may include increased bruising , bleeding , fever , extreme weakness , headache , dizziness or light - headedness . your doctor may find changes in your blood and the function of your kidneys . side effects derived only during post marketing : - breakdown of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) ( frequency unknown ). - kidney problems including scarring ( glomerulosclerosis ) that may reduce your kidney function , ( uncommon ). - severe loss of appetite leading to weight loss ( anorexia ), ( rare ). - disease of the heart muscle ( cardiomyopathy ), ( rare ). - sudden shortness of breath ( bronchospasm ), ( rare ). - the liver does not work properly ( hepatic injury [ including hepatitis ], hepatic failure ), ( rare ). - problems with your small blood vessels ( capillaries ) may develop when using medicines like extavia ( systemic capillary leak syndrome ), ( frequency unknown ). - rash , redness of the skin in the face , joint pain , fever , weakness and others caused by the medicine ( drug - induced lupus erythematosus ), frequency unknown . - severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ), ( frequency unknown ). pulmonary arterial hypertension has been seen at various time points during treatment , including several years after starting treatment with extavia . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , trobalt can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . look out for serious symptoms discolouration of parts of the eye , including the retina ( inside the back of the eye ): this can be very common in people taking trobalt for several years . eye disorders caused by changes in the centre of the retina ( maculopathy ): this can be common in people taking trobalt . you may become aware of blurring of your central vision and notice trouble with reading or recognizing faces . at first , these changes might not affect your sight but , over time , it may get worse . in some cases changes to the pigmentation in the eyes may improve after you stop taking trobalt . your doctor should recommend that you have an eye examination before starting treatment . the eye examination should be repeated at least every six months whilst taking trobalt . treatment will be stopped if any problems are found unless no other suitable treatments are available . your doctor will monitor you more closely if treatment with trobalt is continued . a blue - grey discolouration of the skin , lips or nails : this is very common in people taking trobalt for several years . this sometimes occur together with discolouration of parts of the eye . your doctor will discuss with you whether treatment with trobalt should be continued . problems passing urine these are common in people taking trobalt , and can lead to not being able to pass urine at all . this is most likely to happen during the first few months of treatment with trobalt . symptoms include : pain when passing urine ( dysuria ) difficulty in starting to urinate ( urinary hesitation ) not being able to pass urine ( urinary retention ). tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . mental health problems these are common in people taking trobalt , and are most likely to happen during the first few months of treatment . symptoms include : confusion psychotic disorders ( severe mental health problems ) hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ). tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide that trobalt is not suitable for you . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : dizziness drowsiness lack of energy . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : blood in the urine ; abnormally coloured urine feeling disorientated ; anxiety memory problems ( amnesia ) difficulty in reading , writing or saying what you mean , or difficulty in understanding words attention problems lack of co - ordination ; spinning sensation ( vertigo ); balance problems ; problems walking tremors ; sudden jerking of muscles ( myoclonus ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet double or blurred vision constipation ; feeling sick ( nausea ); indigestion ; dry mouth weight gain ; increased appetite swelling of lower legs and feet feeling weak or generally unwell changes in liver function , which will show up in blood tests . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : slow or reduced muscle movement difficulty in swallowing skin rash excessive sweating kidney stones . elderly if you are 65 years or older , you may be more likely than a younger adult to get the following symptoms : drowsiness memory problems balance problems , lack of co - ordination , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), problems walking tremors reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bleeding , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - severe headache that does not go away . temozolomide teva treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising or bleeding , anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells ), fever , and reduced resistance to infections . the reduction in blood cell counts is usually short - lived . in some cases , it may be prolonged and may lead to a very severe form of anaemia ( aplastic anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your temozolomide teva dose will be reduced or treatment stopped . other side effects that have been reported are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : - loss of appetite , difficulty speaking , headache - vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation - rash , hair loss - tiredness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : - infections , oral infections , wound infections - reduced number of blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - increased blood sugar - memory impairment , depression , anxiety , confusion , inability to fall asleep or stay asleep - impaired coordination and balance - difficulty concentrating , change in mental status or alertness , forgetfulness - dizziness , impaired sensations , tingling sensations , shaking , abnormal taste - partial loss of vision , abnormal vision , double vision , dry or painful eyes - deafness , ringing in the ears , earache - blood clot in lung or legs , high blood pressure - pneumonia , shortness of breath , bronchitis , cough , inflammation of your sinuses - stomach or abdominal pain , upset stomach / heartburn , difficulty swallowing - dry skin , itching - muscle damage , muscle weakness , muscle aches and pain - painful joint , back pain - frequent urination , difficulty withholding your urine - fever , flu - like symptoms , pain , feeling unwell , a cold or the flu - fluid retention , swollen legs - liver enzyme elevations - loss of weight , weight gain 52 - radiation injury uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : - brain infections ( meningoencephalitis herpetic ) including fatal cases - new or reactivated cytomegalovirus infections - reactivated hepatitis b virus infections - secondary cancers including leukaemia - reduced blood cell counts ( pancytopenia , anaemia , leukopenia ) - red spots under the skin - diabetes insipidus ( symptoms include increased urination and feeling thirsty ), low potassium level in the blood - mood swings , hallucination - partial paralysis , change in your sense of smell - hearing impairment , infection of the middle ear - palpitations ( when you can feel your heart beat ), hot flushes - swollen stomach , difficulty controlling your bowel movements , haemorrhoids , dry mouth - hepatitis and injury to the liver ( including fatal liver failure ), cholestasis , increased bilirubin - blisters on body or in mouth , skin peeling , skin eruption , painful reddening of the skin , severe rash with skin swelling ( including palms and soles ) - increased sensitivity to sunlight , urticaria ( hives ), increased sweating , change in skin colour - difficulty in urinating - vaginal bleeding , vaginal irritation , absent or heavy menstrual periods , breast pain , sexual impotence - shivering , face swelling , discolouration of the tongue , thirst , tooth disorder reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of desloratadine , cases of severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , hives and swelling ) have been reported very rarely . if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a dummy tablet . however , fatigue , dry mouth and headache were reported more often than with a dummy tablet . in adolescents , headache was the most commonly reported side effect . in clinical studies with desloratadine , the following side effects were reported as : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people fatigue dry mouth headache adults during the marketing of desloratadine , the following side effects were reported as : very rare : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people severe allergic reactions rash pounding or irregular heartbeat fast heartbeat stomach ache feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting upset stomach diarrhoea dizziness drowsiness inability to sleep muscle pain hallucinations seizures restlessness with increased body movement liver inflammation abnormal liver function tests not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data unusual weakness yellowing of the skin and / or eyes increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun , even in case of hazy sun , and to uv light , for instance to uv lights of a solarium changes in the way the heart beats abnormal behaviour aggression weight increased increased appetite children not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data slow heartbeat abnormal behaviour change in the way the heart beats aggression reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you and your doctor need to look out for : allergic reactions this is a common side effect that may affect up to one in 10 people . you may notice a rash or itching and swelling ( usually of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . swelling ( oedema ), especially of the ankles and feet this is a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 10 people . heart failure this is due to the heart not pumping out enough blood , causing shortness of breath , extreme tiredness and swelling in the ankles and legs . this is a common side effect that may affect up to one in 10 people . anaemia ( reduced number of red blood cells ) this is a blood disorder which can cause tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , and generally feeling unwell . sometimes this requires a blood transfusion . this is a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 10 people hypotension ( low blood pressure ) this can cause light - headedness . this is a common side effect that may affect up to one in 10 people . → tell your doctor straight away if you get these effects or if they happen suddenly after taking ambrisentan mylan . it is important to have regular blood tests , to check for anaemia and that your liver is working properly . make sure that you have also read the information in section 2 under ' you will need regular blood tests ' and ' signs that your liver may not be working properly '. other side effects include very common side effects : headache dizziness palpitations ( fast or irregular heart - beats ) worsening shortness of breath shortly after starting ambrisentan mylan a runny or blocked nose , congestion or pain in the sinuses feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea feeling tired in combination with tadalafil ( another pah medicine ) in addition to the above : flushing ( redness of the skin ) being sick ( vomiting ) chest pain / discomfort . common side effects : blurry or other changes to vision fainting abnormal blood test results for liver function a runny nose constipation pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) chest pain or discomfort flushing ( redness of the skin ) being sick ( vomiting ) feeling weak nose bleed rash in combination with tadalafil in addition to the above , except abnormal blood test results for liver function : ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) only when taking the combination treatment . uncommon side effects : liver injury inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own defences ( autoimmune hepatitis ) in combination with tadalafil sudden hearing loss . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , focetria can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur following vaccination , in rare cases leading to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . in the clinical studies with the vaccine , most side effects were mild in nature and short term . the side - effects are generally similar to those related to the seasonal flu vaccine . the side effects listed below have occurred with focetria in clinical studies in adults , including the elderly : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): pain , hardening of the skin at the injection site , injection site redness , injection site swelling , pain at the site of injection , aching muscles , headache , sweating , fatigue , generally feeling unwell and shivering common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): bruising of the skin at the injection site , fever and nausea uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): flu like symptoms rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ): convulsion , eye swelling and anaphylaxis these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without treatment . if they persist , consult your doctor . side effects from clinical studies in children a clinical study was conducted with the same vaccine in children . general side effects reported very commonly in the 6 months - 35 months of age group per dose were irritability , unusual crying , sleepiness , diarrhoea and change in eating habits . among the adolescents the very common events were : sweating , nausea and chills . very commonly reported reactions in both children and adolescents were pain , hardening of the skin at the injection site , injection site redness , generally feeling unwell , muscle ache , headache and fatigue . other side effects the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with focetria . generalised skin reactions including itching , urticaria ( hives ), rash or swelling of the skin and mucous membranes . disorders of the gut such as nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and diarrhoea . headache , dizziness , drowsiness , fainting . neurological disorders such as severe stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves , tingling , fits , and neuritis ( inflammation of nerves ). swollen lymph nodes , palpitations , weakness , pain in the extremities and cough . allergic reactions possibly with shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the throat , or leading to a dangerous decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . data in children and adolescents suggest a slight decrease in reactogenicity after the second dose of the vaccine , with no increase in rates of fever . in addition , the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with adjuvanted and non - adjuvanted vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . these side effects may occur with focetria . rare : low blood platelet count which can result in bleeding or bruising . very rare : vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels which can cause skin rashes , joint pain and kidney problems ), exudative erythema multiforme . neurological disorders such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if these side effects occur while you are under anaesthesia , they will be seen and treated by your anaesthetist . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) cough airway difficulties that may include coughing or moving as if you are waking or taking a breath light anaesthesia - you may start to come out of deep sleep , so need more anaesthesia . this might cause you to move or cough at the end of the operation complications during your procedure such as changes in heart rate , coughing or moving decreased blood pressure due to the surgical procedure uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath due to muscle cramps of the airways ( bronchospasm ) occurred in patients with a history of lung problems allergic ( drug hypersensitivity ) reactions - such as a rash , red skin , swelling of your tongue and / or throat , shortness of breath , changes in blood pressure or heart rate , sometimes resulting in a serious decrease of blood pressure . severe allergic or allergic - like reactions can be life threatening . allergic reactions were reported more commonly in healthy , conscious volunteers return of muscle relaxation after the operation frequency not known severe slowing of the heart and slowing of the heart up to cardiac arrest may occur when bridion is administered reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your anaesthetist or other doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following effects have been reported with thyrogen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting fatigue dizziness headache weakness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling hot 24 hives ( urticaria ) rash flu symptoms fever chills back pain diarrhoea prickling or tingling sensation ( paraesthesia ), neck pain inability to taste ( ageusia ) impaired sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) influenza not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling of the tumour pain ( including pain at the site of metastases ( secondary cancer growths )) tremor stroke palpitations flushing shortness of breath itching ( pruritus ) excessive sweating muscle or joint pain injection site reactions ( including : redness , discomfort , itching , local pain or stinging , and an itchy rash ) low tsh hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ), these reactions include hives ( urticaria ), itching , flushing , difficulty in breathing and rash . very rare cases of hyperthyroidism ( increased activity of the thyroid gland ) or atrial fibrillation have been reported when thyrogen was administered to patients who had not undergone total or partial removal of the thyroid gland . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice the following side effects , as he or she may need to stop your treatment : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): severe allergic reaction the signs may include : difficulty breathing , chest tightness , wheezing , severe dizziness or light - headedness , swelling of the lips or skin rash . other side effects include : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): drop in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) drop in the number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) itching rash , itchy skin rash ( eczema ) high fat levels in your blood ( hypertriglyceridaemia ) high level of ' uric acid ' in the blood , which may cause gout abnormal kidney function test swelling in the arms , legs , neck or face high blood pressure respiratory infections such as of the nose , sinuses or throat urinary tract infection common cold 26 sore throat stomach pain or discomfort , constipation , diarrhoea , heartburn , ulcers ( sores ) in the mouth , nausea , vomiting feeling dizzy headache joint pain , arm or leg pain weight gain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high level of cholesterol in the blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects observed with zutectra were mild to moderate in nature . in very rare cases human normal immunoglobulins may cause a serious allergic reaction . if you notice any of the following effects stop the injection and tell your doctor immediately : - rash , - itching , - wheezing , - difficulty in breathing , - swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , throat or tongue , - low blood pressure , fast pulse this can be an allergic reaction or a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). in case of any adverse event after the injection speak to your doctor immediately . the following side effects have been reported with zutectra : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - injection site reactions : pain , hives ( urticaria ) at injection site , haematoma ( a collection of blood in tissue under the skin ), reddening of the skin ( erythema ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - headache - upper abdominal pain ( from your chest to the belly button ) furthermore the following reactions have been reported once only : - tiredness ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - inflammation of the nose and throat ( nasopharyngitis ) - muscle spasm - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - abnormal heartbeat ( palpitations ), cardiac discomfort - itching ( pruritus ), rash - pain in the mouth and throat with other human immunoglobulin preparations the following additional symptoms have been reported : - chills - headache - dizziness - fever - vomiting - mild allergic reactions - nausea ( urge to vomit ) - joint pain - low blood pressure - moderate low back pain - injection site reactions : swelling , soreness , redness , hardening of the skin , local heat , itching , bruising and rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , healthcare professional or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine may cause side effects . if you take harvoni you may get one or more of the side effects below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling tired common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash other effects that may be seen during treatment with harvoni the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ). other effects that may be seen during treatment with sofosbuvir : the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). a wide - spread severe rash with peeling skin which may be accompanied by fever , flu - like symptoms , blisters in the mouth , eyes , and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a nurse or a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , you may need urgent medical treatment : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick , heartburn and discomfort in swallowing ( inflammation of your gullet / food pipe ) uncommon ( may affect less than 1 in 100 people ): severe stomach pain . this could be a sign of an ulcer of the first section of the bowel ( duodenum ) that is bleeding , or that your stomach is inflamed ( gastritis ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): persistent eye pain and inflammation new pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the thigh bone . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): pain or sore in your mouth or jaw . you may have early signs of severe jaw problems ( necrosis [ dead bone tissue ] in the jaw bone ). talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . severe adverse skin reactions . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): asthma attack 44 other possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): tummy pain , indigestion low calcium levels in your blood weakness . uncommon ( may affect less than 1 in 100 people ): chest pain itching or tingling skin ( paraesthesia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling generally unwell or in pain dry mouth , strange taste in your mouth or difficulty swallowing anaemia ( bloodlessness ) high levels of urea or high levels of parathyroid hormone in your blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) eye disorders : severe decrease of vision ( loss of 4 lines or more within 7 days of treatment ), visual disturbances such as blurred , hazy or fuzzy vision , flashes of light , decreased vision , and a change in the field of vision in the treated eye such as grey or dark shadows , blind spots or black spots . general disorders : hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ), syncope ( fainting ), headache , light - headedness , breathlessness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) eye disorders : bleeding of the retina or into the vitreous humour ( the clear gel - like substance that fills the eyeball behind the lens ), swelling or fluid retention in the retina and displacement of the retina in the treated eye . infusion site side effects : as with other types of injections , some patients experienced bleeding at the infusion site , change in skin colour and hypersensitivity . if this happens to you , there will be increased sensitivity to light in that part of the skin until the green discolouration disappears . general disorders : rash , hives , itching rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye disorders : lack of blood circulation to the retina or choroids ( the vascular layer of the eye ) 25 in the treated eye . general disorders : feeling unwell . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) eye disorders : tear in the coloured layer of the retina , swelling or fluid retention in the macula . general disorders : vasovagal reactions ( fainting ), sweating , flushing , or changes in blood pressure . on rare occasions the vasovagal and hypersensitivity reactions may be severe and potentially include seizures . heart attack has been reported , particularly in patients with a history of heart disease , sometimes within 48 hours after treatment with visudyne . in the event of suspected heart attack , seek medical attention immediately . localised death of skin tissue ( necrosis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infusion site side effects : as with other types of injections , some patients experienced pain , swelling , inflammation , and weeping from the infusion site . general disorders : feeling sick ( nausea ), sunburn - like reactions , tiredness , infusion - related reaction , primarily presented as chest pain or back pain , and increased cholesterol levels . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) general disorders : pain , increased blood pressure , increased sensation , and fever . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) infusion site side effects : as with other types of injections , some patients experienced blistering . general disorders : changes in heart rate . infusion - related reaction , which may radiate to other areas , including but not limited to , the pelvis , shoulders or rib cage . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common adverse reactions with this medicine are dose dependent and related to its mode of action : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) luminous visual phenomena ( brief moments of increased brightness , most often caused by sudden changes in light intensity ). they can also be described as a halo , coloured flashes , image decomposition or multiple images . they generally occur within the first two months of treatment after which they may occur repeatedly and resolve during or after treatment common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) modification in the heart functioning ( the symptoms are a slowing down of the heart rate ). they particularly occur within the first 2 to 3 months of treatment initiation . other side effects have also been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular rapid contraction of the heart ( atrial fibrillation ,), abnormal perception of heartbeat ( bradycardia , ventricular extrasystoles , av 1st degree block ( ecg prolonged pq interval )), uncontrolled blood pressure , headache , dizziness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations and cardiac extra beats , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ), muscle spasms , high blood levels of uric acid , an excess of eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) and elevated creatinine in blood ( a breakdown product of muscle ), skin rash , angioedema ( such as swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), low blood pressure , fainting , feeling of tiredness , feeling of weakness , abnormal ecg heart tracing , double vision , impaired vision . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 33 classified as confidential by the european medicines agency urticaria , itching , skin reddening , feeling unwell . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) irregular heart beats ( av 2nd degree block , av 3rd degree block , sick sinus syndrome ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the effects are mild or moderate . partial , sudden , temporary or permanent decrease or loss of vision in one or both eyes has been experienced by patients . stop taking vivanza and contact your doctor immediately . sudden decrease or loss of hearing has been reported . cases of sudden death , fast or altered heart beat , heart attack , chest pain , and trouble in cerebral circulation ( including temporarily decreased blood flow to parts of the brain and bleeding in the brain ) have been reported in men taking vardenafil . most of the men who experienced these side effects had heart problems before taking this medicine . it is not possible to determine whether these events were directly related to vardenafil . the chance of having a side effect is described by the following categories : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 users - headache common : may affect up to 1 in 10 users - dizziness - flushing - blocked or runny nose - indigestion 51 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 users - swelling of skin and mucous tissue including swollen face , lips or throat - sleep disorder - numbness and impaired perception of touch - sleepiness - effects on vision , redness of the eye , effects on colour vision , eye pain and discomfort , light sensitivity - ringing in the ears , vertigo - fast heart beat or pounding heart - breathlessness - stuffy nose - acid reflux , gastritis , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth - raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , reddened skin - back or muscle pain , increase in blood of a muscle enzyme ( creatine phosphokinase ), muscle stiffness - prolonged erections - malaise rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 users - inflammation of the eyes ( conjunctivitis ) - allergic reaction - anxiety - fainting - amnesia - seizure - increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ), lacrimation increased - effects on the heart ( such as heart attack , altered heart beat or angina ) - high or low blood pressure - nose bleed - effect on results of blood tests to check liver function - sensitivity of the skin to sun light - painful erections - chest pain - temporarily decreased blood flow to parts of the brain very rare or not known : may affect less than 1 in 10 , 000 users or frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - blood in the urine ( haematuria ) - penile bleeding ( penile haemorrhage ) - presence of blood in the semen ( haematospermia ) - sudden death - bleeding in the brain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of taxotere alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of taxotere may be increased when taxotere is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions may occur ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing fever or chills back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of taxotere the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms 261 weight gain or loss infection of the upper respiratory tract . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) rises in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) decrease of the potassium , calcium and / or phosphate in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when docetaxel therapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium and / or magnesium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ) ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , dizziness , and / or fainting ). some of these symptoms can be serious . if this happens , you must tell your doctor immediately injection site reactions at the site of a previous reaction . non - hodgkin lymphoma ( a cancer affecting the immune system ) and other cancers may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) ( blistering , peeling or bleeding on any part of your skin ( including your lips , eyes , mouth , nose , genitals , hands or feet ) with or without a rash . you may also have flu - like symptoms at the same time , such as fever , chills or aching muscles .) acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis ( agep ) ( red , scaly widespread rash with bumps under the swollen skin ( including your skin folds , trunk , and upper extremities ) and blisters accompanied by fever .) tumour lysis syndrome is a serious condition revealed by changes in blood test such as increased level of uric acid , potassium , phosphorus and decreased level of calcium ; and results in symptoms such as seizures , kidney failure ( reduced amount or darkening of urine ) and heart rhythm disturbance . if this happens , you must tell your doctor immediately . myositis ( inflammation of the muscles - hot , red and swollen - which produces muscle pain and weakness ) 262 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects described below have been experienced by people given metalyse : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bleeding common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection or puncture site nosebleeds genitourinary bleeding ( you may notice blood in your urine ) bruising gastro - intestinal bleeding ( e . g . bleeding from the stomach or bowel ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( reperfusion arrhythmias ), sometimes leading to cardiac arrest . cardiac ( heart ) arrest can be life threatening . internal bleeding in the abdomen ( retroperitoneal bleeding ) bleeding in the brain ( cerebral haemorrhage ). death or permanent disability may occur following bleeding in the brain or other serious bleeding events bleeding in the eyes ( eye haemorrhage ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) bleeding in the lungs ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) hypersensitivity ( anaphylactoid reactions ) e . g . rash , hives ( urticaria ), difficulty breathing ( bronchospasm ) bleeding into the area surrounding the heart ( haemopericardium ) blood clot in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) and in the vessels of other organ systems ( thrombotic embolisation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): fat embolism ( clots consisting of fat ) nausea vomiting body temperature increased ( fever ) blood transfusions as consequence of bleedings as with other thrombolytic agents , the following events have been reported as sequelae of myocardial infarction and / or thrombolytic administration : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) irregular heart beat chest pain ( angina pectoris ) 48 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): further chest pain / angina ( recurrent ischaemia ) heart attack heart failure shock due to heart failure inflammation of the lining around the heart fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heart arrest problem with the heart valve or heart lining ( mitral valve incompetence , pericardial effusion ) blood clot in the veins ( venous thrombosis ) fluid between the heart lining and the heart ( cardiac tamponade ) rupture of the heart muscle ( myocardial rupture ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clot in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) these cardiovascular events can be life - threatening and may lead to death . in case of bleeding in the brain events related to the nervous system have been reported e . g . drowsiness ( somnolence ), speech disorders , palsy of parts of the body ( hemiparesis ) and fits ( convulsions ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) if any of these symptoms occur after leaving the place where your child received his / her injection , you must consult a doctor immediately : difficulty in breathing blueness of the tongue or lips a rash swelling of the face or throat sudden and serious malaise with drop in blood pressure causing dizziness and loss of consciousness , accelerated heart rate associated with respiratory disorders when these signs or symptoms ( signs or symptoms of anaphylactic reaction ) occur they usually develop quickly after the injection is given and while the child is still in the clinic or doctor ' s surgery . serious allergic reactions are a rare possibility ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) after receiving this vaccine . other side effects if your child experiences any of the following side effects , please tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - crying - sleepiness ( somnolence ) - vomiting - pain , redness or swelling at the injection site - irritability - fever ( temperature 38 or higher ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : - abnormal crying ( prolonged crying ) - diarrhoea - injection site hardness ( induration ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : - allergic reaction - lump ( nodule ) at the injection site - high fever ( temperature 39 . 6 or higher ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : - rash - large reactions at the injection site ( larger than 5 cm ), including extensive limb swelling from the injection site beyond one or both joints . these reactions start within 24 - 72 hours after vaccination , may be associated with redness , warmth , tenderness or pain at the injection site , and get better within 3 - 5 days without the need for treatment . - fits ( convulsions ) with or without fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) are : - episodes when your child goes into a shock - like state or is pale , floppy and unresponsive for a period of time ( hypotonic reactions or hypotonic hyporesponsive episodes hhe ). potential side effects 41 other side effects not listed above have been reported occasionally with other diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis , poliomyelitis , hepatitis b or hib containing vaccines and not directly with hexyon : temporary inflammation of nerves causing pain , paralysis and sensitivity disorders ( guillain - barré syndrome ) and severe pain and decreased mobility of arm and shoulder ( brachial neuritis ) have been reported after administration of a tetanus containing vaccine . inflammation of several nerves causing sensory disorders or weakness of limbs ( polyradiculoneuritis ), facial paralysis , visual disturbances , sudden dimming or loss of vision ( optic neuritis ), inflammatory disease of brain and spinal cord ( central nervous system demyelination , multiple sclerosis ) have been reported after administration of a hepatitis b antigen containing vaccine . swelling or inflammation of the brain ( encephalopathy / encephalitis ). in babies born very prematurely ( at or before 28 weeks of gestation ) longer gaps than normal between breaths may occur for 2 - 3 days after vaccination . swelling of one or both feet and lower limbs which may occur along with bluish discoloration of the skin ( cyanosis ), redness , small areas of bleeding under the skin ( transient purpura ) and severe crying following vaccination with haemophilus influenzae type b containing vaccines . if this reaction occurs , it is mainly after first injections and within the first few hours following vaccination . all symptoms should disappear completely within 24 hours without need for treatment . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of kidney function a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an encephalopathy . the most frequently reported side effects are nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people anorexia ( loss of appetite ); depression , hostility or aggression , anxiety , insomnia , nervousness or irritability ; convulsion , balance disorder ( equilibrium disorder ), dizziness ( sensation of unsteadiness ), lethargy ( lack of energy and enthusiasm ), tremor ( involuntary trembling ); vertigo ( sensation of rotation ); cough ; abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea ; rash ; asthenia / fatigue ( tiredness ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people decreased number of blood platelets , decreased number of white blood cells ; weight decrease , weight increase ; 44 suicide attempt and suicidal ideation , mental disorder , abnormal behaviour , hallucination , anger , confusion , panic attack , emotional instability / mood swings , agitation ; amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal coordination / ataxia ( impaired coordinated movements ), paraesthesia ( tingling ), disturbance in attention ( loss of concentration ); diplopia ( double vision ), vision blurred ; elevated / abnormal values in a liver function test ; hair loss , eczema , pruritus ; muscle weakness , myalgia ( muscle pain ); injury . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people infection ; decreased number of all blood cell types ; severe allergic reactions ( dress , anaphylactic reaction [ severe and important allergic reaction ], quincke ' s oedema [ swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ]); decreased blood sodium concentration ; suicide , personality disorders ( behavioural problems ), thinking abnormal ( slow thinking , unable to concentrate ); delirium ; encephalopathy ( see sub - section " tell your doctor immediately " for a detailed description of symptoms ); seizures may become worse or happen more often ; uncontrollable muscle spasms affecting the head , torso and limbs , difficulty in controlling movements , hyperkinesia ( hyperactivity ); change of the heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ); pancreatitis ; liver failure , hepatitis ; sudden decrease in kidney function ; skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). rhabdomyolysis ( breakdown of muscle tissue ) and associated blood creatine phosphokinase increase . prevalence is significantly higher in japanese patients when compared to non - japanese patients . limp or difficulty walking reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea 53 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety sweating headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) liver disorders ( yellow skin , yellowing of the whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite ) aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling 54 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and muscle weakness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) uneven heartbeat and poor control of movements other side effects seen with rivastigmine transdermal patches and which may occur with the hard capsules : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever severe confusion urinary incontinence ( inability to retain adequate urine ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hyperactivity ( high level of activity , restlessness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction where the patch was used , such as blisters or skin inflammation if you get any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you have any of the following symptoms after taking rolufta ellipta , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately : itching skin rash ( hives ) or redness common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : faster heart beat painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) common cold 31 infection of nose and throat cough feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis ) headache constipation . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : irregular heart beat sore throat dry mouth rash taste disturbance . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : eye pain other side effects other side effects have occurred in a very small number of people but their exact frequency is unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease in vision or pain in your eyes due to high pressure ( possible signs of glaucoma ). blurred vision increase of the measured eye pressure difficulty and pain when passing urine these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or urinary retention dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . important tell your doctor immediately - if you experience any fever ( increase in temperature ) because rilutek may cause a decrease in the number of white blood cells . your doctor may want to take a blood sample to check the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the white of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick , being sick , as this may be signs of liver disease ( hepatitis ). your doctor may do regular blood tests while you are taking rilutek to make sure that this does not occur . - if you experience cough or difficulties in breathing , as this may be a sign of lung disease ( called interstitial lung disease ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) of rilutek are : - tiredness - feeling sick - increased blood levels of some enzymes of the liver ( transaminases ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) of rilutek are : - dizziness - numbness or tingling of the mouth - vomiting - sleepiness - increase in heart beat - diarrhoea - headache - abdominal pain - pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) of rilutek are : - anaemia - allergic reactions - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): − nerve disorder in arms and legs which causes tingling , numbness or burning pain * common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): − fever − muscle weakness , cramps or spasms − allergic reactions , such as breathing difficulties , fainting , swelling of the face , itching , feeling hot , chills , particularly during your infusion . uncommonly these can lead to severe allergic shock . * can persist beyond 6 months of paclitaxel discontinuation . other side effects and their frequencies include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of white blood cells called neutrophils lack of appetite diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting hair loss joint or muscle pain or discomfort weakness , tiredness reactions at the infusion site such as pain , inflammation , discolouration , redness , swelling , tingling , rash , bleeding common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low level of white blood cells called leukocytes and granulocytes low level of blood platelets or red blood cells reduced sense of touch or sensation abnormal sensation such as tingling , burning , pricking or numbness of the skin or in the mouth dizziness or feeling of spinning taste disturbance headache rapid heartbeat chest pain or discomfort low blood pressure , flushing , vein inflammation , vein pain , increased blood flow to some parts of the body 33 breathing difficulties , nasal congestion abdominal pain , constipation , wind dry mouth , inflammation of the inner lining of the mouth skin reddening , rash , itching , nettle - rash pain for instance in arms , legs , breast or at site of tumour back pain , bone pain swelling of ankles , feet , face or fingers uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blood poisoning pus in body tissue lung inflammation , influenza , tonsil inflammation herpes simplex ( a viral infection ), viral airways infections urinary tract infection , inflammation of the bladder skin infections , including infections at the infusion site disturbed blood clotting mechanisms in the body lack of white and red blood cells , and blood platelets low blood levels of potassium , magnesium or sodium excessive water loss ( dehydration ) allergic reactions to other medicines , such as penicillin depression , sleeplessness , anxiety epileptic fit lasting longer than five minutes or more than one fit within five minutes coma , feeling very sleepy , drowsy and / or being deeply unresponsive low muscle tone , facial palsy toxicity to the nervous system cognitive disorder ( difficulty thinking or processing thoughts , difficulty remembering ) brain damage , abnormal fluid accumulation within the brain stroke blurred vision , eye discomfort or irritation , watery eyes deafness , inner ear disorder , ringing in the ears blood vessel disorders , such as : − formation of blood clots − blood vessel inflammation − build - up of water in tissue because of blocked lymph vessel − hot flushes − bleeding cardiac arrest , heart failure blue tinged lips or skin a heart rhythm disorder causing irregular rapid activity in the upper heart chambers feeling your heartbeat ( palpitations ), slow heartbeat blood circulation failure high blood pressure , blood pressure changes , paleness lung failure , narrowing of airways severe lack of oxygen , arising from abnormal breathing difficulty producing voice sounds nosebleed , allergic inflammation inside the nose , runny nose cough mouth and throat pain or discomfort , throat disorder , bleeding gums inflammation of the stomach lining , abdominal discomfort or bloating , lower abdominal pain indigestion , disorder of bowel function , very hard stools , bloody stool liver inflammation or disorder , raised liver enzyme in your blood painful severe swelling of deep skin layers , mainly in the face skin discolouration , pigmentation disorder skin inflammation with blisters 34 increased sweating , cold sweat dry skin , nail disorder bleeding into a joint sensation of heaviness in the legs multi - organ failure which can lead to death tissue swelling caused by excess fluid hernia feeling hot low body temperature vaginal bleeding abnormally high levels of nitrogen - containing compounds in the blood frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , cholib can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . unexplained muscle pain , tenderness , or weakness may be sign of muscle break down . therefore please contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . this is because on rare occasions , there have been cases of serious muscle problems including muscle breakdown resulting in kidney damage ; and very rare deaths have occurred . compared to a fibrate or a statin alone , the risk of muscle breakdown is increased when you take these 2 medicines together , as in cholib . it is higher in female patients or in patients 65 years or older . some patients have experienced the following serious side effects whilst taking fenofibrate or simvastatin ( both active substances in cholib ): hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reactions including swelling of the face , tongue and throat which may cause difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ) ( rare ) a serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness ( anaphylaxis ) ( very rare ) hypersensitivity reaction to cholib with symptoms like : pain or inflammation of the joints , inflammation of blood vessels , unusual bruising , skin eruptions and swelling , hives , skin sensitivity to the sun , fever , flushing , shortness of breath and feeling unwell , lupus - like disease picture ( including rash , joint disorders , and effects on white blood cells ) cramps or painful , tender or weak muscles , muscle rupture - these may be signs of muscle inflammation or breakdown , which can cause kidney damage or even death stomach pain - this may be a sign that your pancreas is inflamed ( pancreatitis ) chest pain and feeling breathless - these may be signs of a blood clot in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) pain , redness or swelling in the legs - these may be signs of a blood clot in the leg ( deep vein thrombosis ) yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), or an increase in liver enzymes - these may be signs of an inflamed liver ( hepatitis and hepatic failure ) increased sensitivity of your skin to sunlight , sun lamps and sunbeds rash that may occur on the skin or sores in the mouth ( lichenoid drug eruptions ) if any of the previously listed serious side effects happen , stop taking cholib and tell your doctor immediately or go to the emergency room at your nearest hospital - you may need urgent medical treatment . some patients have experienced the following side effects whilst taking cholib , fenofibrate or simvastatin : 60 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): increase in the blood level of " creatinine " ( substance excreted by the kidneys ) increase in blood levels of " homocysteine " ( too much of this amino acid in the blood is related to a higher risk of coronary heart disease , stroke and peripheral vascular disease , although a causal link has not been established ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increase in blood platelets count elevations in blood tests of liver function ( transaminases ) digestive disturbances ( stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and flatulence ) infection of the upper respiratory tract uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): muscle problems gallstones rashes , itching , red patches on the skin headache sexual difficulties rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) numbness or weakness of the arms and legs confusion feeling dizzy feeling exhausted ( astenia ) increase in " urea " - produced by the kidneys - shown in tests increase in " gamma - glutamyltransferase " - produced by the liver - shown in tests increase in " alkaline phosphatase " - produced by the bile system - shown in tests increase in " creatine phosphokinase " - produced by the muscle - shown in tests drop in haemoglobin ( that carries oxygen in blood ) and white blood cells - shown in tests trouble sleeping poor memory or memory loss hair loss constipation dyspepsia blurred vision ; impaired vision very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): gynecomastia ( breast enlargement in men ) the following side effects have also been reported but the frequency cannot be estimated from the available information ( frequency not known ): severe allergic skin rash with blisters complications of gall stones such as colic because of stones in bile duct , infection of the bile ducts or gall bladder diabetes mellitus erectile dysfunction feeling depressed sleep disturbances including nightmares 61 specific lung disease with difficulties breathing ( called interstitial lung disease ) muscle weakness that is constant increase in " glycosylated haemoglobin " and blood glucose levels - markers for blood glucose control in diabetes mellitus - shown in tests reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people * low potassium levels in your blood ( hypokalaemia ), which can cause muscle weakness , twitching or abnormal heart rhythm * difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) * headache * change of the heart rhythm ( seen on an ecg , which monitors the electrical activity of the heart ) * diarrhoea * feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) * increase of a special liver enzyme in the blood ( transaminases ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people * inflammation of the bowel causing diarrhoea ( colitis ), due to an infection by a type of bacteria called clostridioides difficile ( previously called clostridium difficile ) * fungal ( yeast ) infection of the throat and mouth ( thrush or candida infection ) * fungal ( yeast ) infection of the vagina and vulva ( thrush or candida infection ) * reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ), which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness * reduction in blood platelets ( blood cells which help the blood to clot ), which increases your risk of bleeding or bruising * feeling anxious * dizziness * feeling tired or drowsy * irregular heartbeat or rhythm or palpitations * pain at the back of the nose and throat * stomach pain , pain in the abdomen or around the stomach * constipation * indigestion , stomach acidity ( heartburn ), or inflammation of the stomach lining ( gastritis ) * increase of a liver enzyme in the blood ( gamma - glutamyl transferase and alkaline phosphatase ) * increase in a muscle enzyme in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) * difficulty in urinating or in fully emptying your bladder ( urinary retention ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this medicine may also affect the results of some blood tests . the most serious side effects , for which a fatal outcome has been observed , are : - severe liver problems , bleeding , gastrointestinal perforation and infection . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : liver problems treatment with stivarga may lead to a higher risk of severe liver problems . get medical help immediately if you get the following symptoms : - yellowish discolouration of the skin and the whites of the eyes - dark urine - confusion and / or disorientation . these may be signs of severe liver injury . bleeding stivarga can cause severe bleeding in the digestive system such as stomach , throat , rectum or intestine , or in the lungs , kidneys , mouth , vagina and / or brain . get medical help immediately , if you get the following symptoms : - passing blood in the stools or passing black stools - passing blood in the urine - stomach pain - coughing / vomiting up blood . these may be signs of bleeding . severe stomach and bowel problems ( gastrointestinal perforation or fistula ) get medical help immediately , if you get the following symptoms : - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain or stomach pain that does not go away - vomiting blood - red or black stools . these may be signs of severe stomach or bowel problems . infection treatment with stivarga may lead to a higher risk of infections , especially of the urinary tract , nose , throat and lung . treatment with stivarga may also lead to a higher risk of fungal infections of the mucous membrane , skin or the body . get medical help immediately if you get the following symptoms : - high fever - severe cough with or without an increase in mucus ( sputum ) production - severe sore throat 42 - shortness of breath - burning / pain when urinating - unusual vaginal discharge or irritation - redness , swelling and / or pain in any part of the body . these may be signs of an infection . other side effects with stivarga listed by frequency : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 users ) - reduction in the number of blood platelets , characterised by easy bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ) - reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite and food intake - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - voice changes or hoarseness ( dysphonia ) - frequent or loose bowel movements ( diarrhoea ) - painful or dry mouth , painful tongue , mouth sores ( stomatitis and / or mucosal inflammation ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - high blood levels of bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) - changes in enzymes produced by the liver , which may indicate that something is wrong with the liver ( increase in transaminases ) - redness , pain , blisters and swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot skin reaction ) - rash - weakness , lack of strength and energy , excessive tiredness and unusual sleepiness ( asthenia / fatigue ) - pain - fever - weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased activity of the thyroid gland ( hypothyroidism ) - low levels of potassium , phosphate , calcium , sodium or magnesium in your blood ( hypokalaemia , hypophosphatemia , hypocalcaemia , hyponatraemia and hypomagnesaemia ) - high level of uric acid in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ) - loss of body fluids ( dehydration ) - headache - shaking ( tremor ) - disorder of the nerves which can cause a change in sensation , such as numbness , tingling , weakness or pain ( peripheral neuropathy ) - taste disorders - dry mouth - heartburn ( gastro - oesophageal reflux ) - infection or irritation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry skin - rash with flaking or peeling of skin ( exfoliative rash ) - a sudden , involuntary contraction of a muscle ( muscle spasms ) - protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - high levels of certain enzymes involved in digestion ( increase in amylase and lipase ) - abnormal blood clotting condition ( abnormal international normalized ratio ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 users ) - signs / symptoms of an allergic reaction which may include widespread severe rash , feeling sick , fever , breathlessness , jaundice , changes in chemicals produced by the liver ( hypersensitivity reaction ) - heart attack , chest pain ( myocardial infarction and ischaemia ) - severely elevated blood pressure causing headache , confusion , blurry vision , nausea , vomiting , and fits ( hypertensive crisis ) - inflammation of the pancreas characterized by pain in the area of the stomach , nausea , vomiting , and fever ( pancreatitis ) - nail disorder ( changes to the nail such as ridges and / or splitting ) - multiple skin eruptions ( erythema multiforme ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 users ) - certain skin cancers ( keratoacanthoma / squamous cell carcinoma of the skin ) - headache , confusion , seizures and visual loss associated with or without high blood pressure ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome / pres ) - serious reactions of the skin and / or mucous membranes which may include painful blisters and fever , including extensive detachment of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most serious side effects : some patients have had tingling or numbness in the hands and feet ( seen commonly ). they could be signs of peripheral neuropathy , due to side effects of miglustat gen . orph or they could be due to existing conditions . your doctor will perform some tests before and during treatment with miglustat gen . orph to assess this ( see section 2 ). if you do get any of these effects , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get a slight tremor , usually trembling hands , seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . the tremor often disappears without needing to stop the treatment . sometimes your doctor will need to reduce the dose or stop miglustat gen . orph treatment to stop the tremor . very common effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people . the most common side effects are diarrhoea , flatulence ( wind ), abdominal ( stomach ) pain , weight loss and decreased appetite . if you do lose some weight when you start treatment with miglustat gen . orph don ' t worry . people usually stop losing weight as treatment goes on . common effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people . common side effects of treatment include headache , dizziness , paraesthesia ( tingling or numbness ), abnormal coordination , hypoaesthesia ( reduced sensation to touch ), dyspepsia ( heartburn ), nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation and vomiting , swelling or discomfort in the abdomen ( stomach ) and 23 thrombocytopenia ( reduced levels of blood platelets ). the neurological symptoms and thrombocytopenia could be due to the underlying disease . other possible side effects are muscular spasms or weakness , fatigue , chills and malaise , depression , difficulty sleeping , forgetfulness and less libido . most patients get one or more of these side effects , usually at the start of treatment or at intervals during treatment . most cases are mild and disappear quite quickly . if any of these side effects cause problems , consult your doctor . he or she may reduce the dose of miglustat gen . orph or recommend other medicines to help control side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects caused by ongentys are usually mild to moderate and occur mostly within the first weeks of treatment . some side effects may be caused by the increased effects of using ongentys together with levodopa . contact your doctor straight away if you experience any side effects at the start of treatment . many of the side effects can be managed by your doctor adjusting your levodopa medicine . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - involuntary and uncontrollable , or difficult or painful body movements common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - constipation - dry mouth - vomiting ( being sick ) - increased levels of the enzyme ( creatine kinase ) in your blood - muscle spasm 42 - dizziness - headache - sleepiness - difficulty falling or staying asleep - strange dreams - experiencing or seeing things which do not exist ( hallucinations ) - a fall in blood pressure on standing up which causes dizziness , light - headedness or fainting uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - palpitations or irregular heartbeat - blocked ear - dry eye - pain or swelling of the abdomen - indigestion - weight loss - loss of appetite - increased levels of triglycerides ( fats ) in your blood - muscle twitching , stiffness or pain - pain in arms or legs - altered sense of taste - excessive body movements - fainting - anxiety - depression - hearing things which do not exist - nightmares - sleep disorder - abnormal colour of urine - need to wake and pass urine at night - shortness of breath - high or low blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious . if you are given bortezomib for multiple myeloma or mantle cell lymphoma , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle cramping , muscle weakness - confusion , visual loss or disturbances , blindness , seizures , headaches - shortness of breath , swelling of your feet or changes in your heart beat , high blood pressure , tiredness , fainting - coughing and breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest . treatment with bortezomib can very commonly cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . therefore , you will have to take regular blood tests before and during your treatment with bortezomib , to check your blood cell counts regularly . you may experience a reduction in the number of : - platelets , which may make you be more prone to bruising , or to bleeding without obvious injury ( e . g ., bleeding from your bowels , stomach , mouth and gum or bleeding in the brain or bleeding from the liver ) - red blood cells , which can cause anaemia , with symptoms such as tiredness and paleness - white blood cells may make you more prone to infections or flu - like symptoms . if you are given bortezomib for the treatment of multiple myeloma the side effects you may get are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sensitivity , numbness , tingling or burning sensation of the skin , or pain in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage reduction in the number of red blood cells and or white blood cells ( see above ) fever feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , loss of appetite constipation with or without bloating ( can be severe ) diarrhoea : if this happens , it is important that you drink more water than usual . your doctor may give you another medicine to control diarrhoea tiredness ( fatigue ), feeling weak muscle pain , bone pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing which may lead to fainting high blood pressure reduced functioning of your kidneys headache general ill feeling , pain , vertigo , light - headedness , a feeling of weakness or loss of consciousness shivering infections , including pneumonia , respiratory infections , bronchitis , fungal infections , coughing with phlegm , flu like illness shingles ( localised including around the eyes or spread across the body ) chest pains or shortness of breath with exercise different types of rash itching of the skin , lumps on the skin or dry skin facial blushing or tiny broken capillaries redness of the skin dehydration heartburn , bloating , belching , wind , stomach pain , bleeding from your bowels or stomach alteration of liver functioning a sore mouth or lip , dry mouth , mouth ulcers or throat pain weight loss , loss of taste muscle cramps , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , pain in your limbs blurred vision infection of the outermost layer of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelids ( conjunctivitis ) nose bleeds difficulty or problems in sleeping , sweating , anxiety , mood swings , depressed mood , restlessness or agitation , changes in your mental status , disorientation swelling of body , to include around eyes and other parts of the body uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heart failure , heart attack , chest pain , chest discomfort , increased or reduced heart rate failing of your kidneys inflammation of a vein , blood clots in your veins and lungs problems with blood clotting insufficient circulation inflammation of the lining around your heart or fluid around your heart infections including urinary tract infections , the flu , herpes virus infections , ear infection and 90 cellulitis bloody stools , or bleeding from mucosal membranes , e . g ., mouth , vagina cerebrovascular disorders paralysis , seizures , falling , movement disorders , abnormal or change in , or reduced sensation ( feeling , hearing , tasting , smelling ), attention disturbance , trembling , twitching arthritis , including inflammation of the joints in the fingers , toes , and the jaw disorders that affect your lungs , preventing your body from getting enough oxygen . some of these include difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , breathing that becomes shallow , difficult or stops , wheezing hiccups , speech disorders increased or decreased urine production ( due to kidney damage ), painful passing of urine or blood / proteins in the urine , fluid retention altered levels of consciousness , confusion , memory impairment or loss hypersensitivity hearing loss , deafness or ringing in the ears , ear discomfort hormone abnormality which may affect salt and water absorption overactive thyroid gland inability to produce enough insulin or resistance to normal levels of insulin irritated or inflamed eyes , excessively wet eyes , painful eyes , dry eyes , eye infections , lump in the eyelid ( chalazion ), red and swollen eyelids , discharge from the eyes , abnormal vision , bleeding of the eye swelling of your lymph glands joint or muscle stiffness , sense of heaviness , pain in your groin hair loss and abnormal hair texture allergic reactions redness or pain at the injection site mouth pain infections or inflammation of the mouth , mouth ulcers , oesophagus , stomach and intestines , sometimes associated with pain or bleeding , poor movement of the intestines ( including blockage ), abdominal or oesophageal discomfort , difficulty swallowing , vomiting of blood skin infections bacterial and viral infections tooth infection inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of the bile duct genital pain , problem having an erection weight increase thirst hepatitis injection site or injection device related disorders skin reactions and disorders ( which may be severe and life threatening ), skin ulcers bruises , falls and injuries inflammation or haemorrhage of the blood vessels that can appear as small red or purple dots ( usually on the legs ) to large bruise - like patches under the skin or tissue benign cysts a severe reversible brain condition which includes seizures , high blood pressure , headaches , tiredness , confusion , blindness or other vision problems . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart problems to include heart attack , angina flushing discoloration of the veins inflammation of the spinal nerve problems with your ear , bleeding from your ear underactivity of your thyroid gland 91 buddchiari syndrome ( the clinical symptoms caused by blockage of the hepatic veins ) changes in or abnormal bowel function bleeding in the brain yellow discolouration of eyes and skin ( jaundice ) serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest tightness , and / or feeling dizzy / faint , severe itching of the skin or raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse breast disorders vaginal tears genital swelling inability to tolerate alcohol consumption wasting , or loss of body mass increased appetite fistula joint effusion cysts in the lining of joints ( synovial cysts ) fracture breakdown of muscle fibers leading to other complications swelling of the liver , bleeding from the liver cancer of the kidney psoriasis like skin condition cancer of the skin paleness of the skin increase of platelets or plasma cells ( a type of white cell ) in the blood blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) abnormal reaction to blood transfusions partial or total loss of vision decreased sex drive drooling bulging eyes sensitivity to light rapid breathing rectal pain gallstones hernia injuries brittle or weak nails abnormal protein deposits in your vital organs coma intestinal ulcers multi - organ failure death if you are given bortezomib together with other medicines for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma the side effects you may get are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia loss of appetite sensitivity , numbness , tingling or burning sensation of the skin , or pain in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage nausea and vomiting 92 diarrhoea mouth ulcers constipation muscle pain , bone pain hair loss and abnormal hair texture tiredness , feeling weak fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shingles ( localized including around the eyes or spread across the body ) herpes virus infections bacterial and viral infections respiratory infections , bronchitis , coughing with phlegm , flu like illness fungal infections hypersensitivity ( allergic reaction ) inability to produce enough insulin or resistance to normal levels of insulin fluid retention difficulty or problems in sleeping loss of consciousness altered level of consciousness , confusion feeling dizzy increased heartbeat , high blood pressure , sweating , abnormal vision , blurred vision heart failure , heart attack , chest pain , chest discomfort , increased or reduced heart rate high or low blood pressure sudden fall of blood pressure upon standing which may lead to fainting shortness of breath with exercise cough hiccups ringing in the ears , ear discomfort bleeding from your bowels or stomach heartburn stomach pain , bloating difficulty swallowing infection or inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain sore mouth or lip , throat pain alteration of liver function itching of skin redness of skin rash muscle spasms infection of the urinary tract pain in limbs swelling of body , to include eyes and other parts of the body shivering redness and pain at injection site general ill feeling weight loss weight increase uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hepatitis 93 severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest tightness , and / or feeling dizzy / faint , severe itching of the skin or raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse movement disorders , paralysis , twitching vertigo hearing loss , deafness disorders that affect your lungs , preventing your body from getting enough oxygen . some of these include difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , breathing that becomes shallow , difficult or stops , wheezing blood clots in your lungs yellow discoloration of the eyes and skin ( jaundice ) lump in the eyelid ( chalazion ), red and swollen eyelids rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking akynzeo and tell your doctor straight away if you notice the following serious side effect - you may need urgent medical treatment : very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people severe allergic reaction signs include hives , skin rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swollen mouth , face , lips , tongue or throat and sometimes a drop in blood pressure . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache constipation feeling tired . uncommon : ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hair loss lack of energy ( feeling weak ) decreased appetite high blood pressure raised , itchy rash on the skin ( hives ) problems with the muscles in your heart ( cardiomyopathy ) spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy or trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) stomach problems including stomach discomfort , feeling bloated , nausea , pain , indigestion , hiccups , wind or diarrhoea high levels of certain enzymes , including blood alkaline phosphatase and liver transaminases ( shown in blood tests ) high levels of creatinine - which measures kidney function ( shown in blood tests ) ecg ( electrocardiogram ) problems ( called ' qt and pr interval prolongation ', ' conduction disorder ', ' tachycardia ' and ' atrioventricular block first degree ') low levels of ' neutrophils ' - a kind of white blood cell which fight infections ( shown in blood tests ) high level of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ). rare : ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) back pain , joint pain feeling hot , reddening of the face or other areas of the skin ( feeling flushed ) itchy skin rash feeling drowsy sleep problems ring in the ear vomiting low blood pressure chest pain ( not related to the heart ) numbness , blurred vision sudden nervous breakdown , change in mood infection and inflammation in the bladder ( cystitis ) haemorrhoids conjunctivitis ( a type of eye inflammation ) low level of potassium ( shown in blood tests ) modifications ( or disturbances ) in heart rhythm heart valve disorder ( mitral valve incompetence ) 53 coating of the tongue , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth , belching , abnormal taste after medicine intake decreased blood flow to the heart muscle ( myocardial ischemia ) high levels of creatine phosphokinase / creatine phosphokinase mb - which indicates sudden decreased blood flow to the heart muscle ( shown in blood tests ) high levels of troponin - which indicates heart muscle dysfunction ( shown in blood tests ) high levels of the pigment bilirubin - which indicates liver dysfunction ( shown in blood tests ) high levels of myoglobin which indicates muscle injury ( shown in blood tests ) high levels of blood urea which indicates kidney dysfunction ( shown in blood tests ) high level of ' lymphocytes ' type of white blood cell which help the body fight disease ( shown in blood tests ) low level of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) ecg ( electrocardiogram ) problems ( called ' st segment depression ', ' st - t segment abnormal ' ' bundle branch block right / left ', and ' atrioventricular block second degree ') reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects - you may need urgent medical treatment : feeling numb or weak on one side of your body , severe headache , seizure , confusion , difficulty talking , vision changes or feeling dizzy - these may be signs of a stroke , bleeding on your brain , or the effect on your brain of a severe increase in blood pressure . chest pain or pressure , pain in your arms , back , neck or jaw , being short of breath , rapid or irregular heart rate , coughing , bluish colour to lips or fingers , feeling very tired these may be signs of a heart problem , a blood clot in your lung or a leak of air from your lung into your chest so your lung cannot inflate . severe pain in your belly ( abdomen ) - this may be due to a hole in the wall of your gut or a fistula ( a hole in your gut which links through a tube - like passage to another part of your body or skin ). black , tarry , or bloody stools , or coughing up of blood - these may be signs of bleeding inside your body . yellow skin or yellowing of the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) or drowsiness , confusion , poor concentration these may be signs of liver problems . diarrhoea , feeling and being sick - these are very common side effects that can become serious if they cause you to become dehydrated , which can lead to kidney failure . your doctor can give you medicine to reduce these side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) high or low blood pressure loss of appetite or weight loss feeling sick and being sick , constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion feeling very tired or weak hoarse voice swelling of the legs rash dry , sore , or inflamed mouth , odd taste sensation joint or muscle pain feeling dizzy hair loss bleeding ( most commonly nose bleeds , but also other types of bleeding such as blood in the urine , bruising , bleeding from the gums or gut wall ) trouble sleeping changes in urine tests for protein ( high ) and urinary infections ( increased frequency in urination and pain in passing urine ) headache and back pain redness , soreness and swelling of the skin on the hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia )) underactive thyroid ( tiredness , weight gain , constipation , feeling cold , dry skin ) changes in blood test results for potassium levels ( low ) and calcium levels ( low ) decrease in the number of white blood cells changes in blood test results for liver function low levels of platelets in the blood which may lead to bruising and difficulty in wound healing 49 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of body fluids ( dehydration ) heart palpitations dry skin , thickening and itching of the skin feeling bloated or having excess wind heart problems or blood clots in the lungs ( difficulty breathing , chest pain ) or other organs liver failure drowsiness , confusion , poor concentration , loss of consciousness that may be signs of liver failure feeling unwell inflammation of the gallbladder stroke anal fistula ( a small channel that forms between the anus and the surrounding skin ) changes in blood test results for magnesium ( low ), cholesterol ( high ) and thyroid stimulating hormone ( high ) changes in blood test results for kidney function and kidney failure increase in lipase and amylase ( enzymes involved in digestion ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) painful infection or irritation near the anus mini - stroke liver damage severe pain in the upper left part of the belly ( abdomen ) which may be associated with fever , chills , nausea and vomiting ( splenic farction ) inflammation of the pancreas wound healing problems not known ( the following side effects have been reported since the marketing of lenvima but the frequency for them to occur is not known ) other types of fistulae ( an abnormal connection between different organs in the body or between the skin and an underlying structure such as throat and windpipe ). symptoms depend on where the fistula is located . talk to your doctor if you experience any new or unsual symptoms such as coughing when swallowing . an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking incresync and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - sudden and severe bone pain or immobility ( particularly in women ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - symptoms of bladder cancer including blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include : a rash , hives , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue and feeling faint . - a severe allergic reaction : skin lesions or spots on your skin that can progress to a sore surrounded by pale or red rings , blistering and / or peeling of the skin possibly with symptoms such as itching , fever , overall ill feeling , achy joints , vision problems , burning , painful or itchy eyes and mouth sores ( stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). you should also discuss with your doctor if you experience the following side effects : common : - symptoms of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) may occur when incresync is taken in combination with insulin or sulphonylureas ( e . g . glipizide , tolbutamide , glibenclamide ). symptoms may include : trembling , sweating , anxiety , blurred vision , tingling lips , paleness , mood change or feeling confused . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level , but can be increased again by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . - cold or flu - like symptoms such as sore throat , stuffy or blocked nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - itchy skin - headache - stomach ache - diarrhoea - indigestion , heartburn - feeling sick - muscle pain - feeling numb in any part of your body - blurred or distorted vision - weight gain - swollen or puffy hands or feet - rash uncommon : - difficulty sleeping not known : - visual disturbances ( caused by a condition called macular oedema ). - liver problems such as nausea or vomiting , stomach pain , unusual or unexplained tiredness , loss of appetite , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , dukoral can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact a doctor immediately if you experience the following serious side effects : severe diarrhoea with loss of water from the body serious allergic reactions causing swelling of the face or throat and breathlessness other side effects : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in a 100 people ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach cramps , gurgling stomach , bloated stomach , stomach gas and general stomach discomfort headache 1 . to prepare the buffer solution , dissolve the effervescent granules in a glass of cool water ( approx . ml ) by gently stirring . do not use any other liquid . for children of 2 to below6 years : pour away half of the buffer solution . 2 . shake the dukoral ® suspension vial ( 1 vial = 1 dose ). 3 . pour the content of the dukoral ® suspension vial into the glass of buffer solution ( see 1 ). mix by gently stirring . 4 . drink the entire mixture within 2 hours . avoid food and drink starting 1 hour before until 1 hour after drinking the mixture . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in a 1 , 000 people ) fever generally feeling unwell , feeling dizzy nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , loss of / or poor appetite swelling irritation inside the nose , and cough . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in a 10 , 000 people ) rash sore throat , reduced sense of taste fatigue / feeling tired sweating , shivering joint pain difficulty in sleeping other side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) flu - like symptoms , chestiness , chills , general pain , weakness hives , itching swelling of the lymph glands numbness or pins and needles high blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v *. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : get a doctor ' s help straight away allergic reactions to avamys are rare and affect less than 1 person in 1 , 000 . in a small number of people , allergic reactions can develop into a more serious , even life - threatening problem if not treated . symptoms include : - becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty with breathing - suddenly feeling weak or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) - swelling around the face - skin rashes or redness . in many cases , these symptoms will be signs of less serious side effects . but you must be aware that they are potentially serious — so , if you notice any of these symptoms : contact a doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nosebleeds ( generally minor ), particularly if you use avamys for more than 6 weeks continuously . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasal ulceration which may cause irritation or discomfort in your nose . you may also get streaks of blood when you blow your nose . headache . shortness of breath uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain , burning , irritation , soreness or dryness in the inside of the nose . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) small holes ( perforations ) in the ridge inside the nose that separates the nostrils . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) slowing of growth in children . blurred vision or temporary changes to vision with long term use . chest tightness causing difficulty in breathing . nasal corticosteroids can affect the normal production of hormones in your body , particularly if you use high doses for a long time . in children this side effect can cause them to grow more slowly than others . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking rydapt and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following as these could be signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps some side effects in patients with aml could be serious . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : - weakness , spontaneous bleeding or bruising , frequent infections with signs such as fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers ( signs of a low level of blood cells ) - severe shortness of breath , laboured and unusually rapid breathing , dizziness , light - headedness , confusion and extreme tiredness ( signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - infections , fever , low blood pressure , decreased urination , rapid pulse , rapid breathing ( signs of sepsis or neutropenic sepsis ) other possible side effects in patients with aml other side effects include those listed below . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few weeks of treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection at catheter site - red or purple , flat , pinhead spots under the skin ( petechiae ) - problems falling asleep ( insomnia ) - headache - shortness of breath , laboured breathing ( dyspnoea ) - dizziness , light - headedness ( low blood pressure ) - nose bleeds - throat pain ( laryngeal pain ) - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - nausea , vomiting - upper abdominal pain - haemorrhoids ( piles ) - excessive sweating - skin rash with flaking or peeling ( exfoliative dermatitis ) - back pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - fever - thirst , high urine output , dark urine , dry flushed skin ( signs of high levels of sugar in the blood , known as hyperglycaemia ) - muscle weakness , drowsiness , confusion , convulsions , impaired consciousness ( signs of high level of sodium in the blood , known as hypernatraemia ) - muscle weakness , muscle spasms , abnormal heart rhythm ( signs of low levels of potassium in the blood , known as hypokalaemia ) - bruising and bleeding ( defect in blood clotting ) - abnormal blood test results which can indicate to your doctor how well certain parts of your body are functioning : high levels of alanine aminotransferase ( alt ) and / or aspartate aminotransferase ( ast ) ( indicative of liver function ) 43 common ( may affect up to 1 in every 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - nausea , vomiting , constipation , stomach pain , frequent urination , thirst , muscle weakness and twitching ( signs of high levels of calcium in the blood , known as hypercalcaemia ) - fainting - involuntary shaking of the body - headache , dizziness ( high blood pressure ) - fast heart beat ( sinus tachycardia ) - collection of fluid around the heart , which , if severe , can decrease the heart ' s ability to pump blood ( pericardial effusion ) - fluid collection in the lungs / chest cavity , which , if severe , could make you breathless ( pleural effusion ) - sore throat and a runny nose - swelling of the eyelid - discomfort in the anus and rectum - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , constipation ( abdominal discomfort ) - dry skin - eye pain , blurred vision , intolerance to light ( keratitis ) - neck pain - bone pain - pain in limbs - increased weight - blood clotted in the catheter - abnormal blood test results which can indicate to your doctor how well certain parts of your body are functioning : high levels of uric acid some side effects in patients with asm , sm - ahn and mcl could be serious . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : - weakness , spontaneous bleeding or bruising , frequent infections with signs such as fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers ( signs of a low level of blood cells ) - fever , cough , difficult or painful breathing , wheezing , chest in pain when breathing ( signs of pneumonia ) - infections , fever , dizziness , light - headedness , decreased urination , rapid pulse , rapid breathing ( signs of sepsis or neutropenic sepsis ) - vomiting of blood , black or bloody stools ( signs of gastrointestinal bleeding ) other possible side effects in patients with asm , sm - ahn and mcl other side effects include those listed below . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few weeks of treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - upper respiratory tract infection - headache - dizziness - shortness of breath , laboured breathing ( dyspnoea ) - cough - fluid collection in the lungs / chest cavity , which , if severe , could make you breathless ( pleural effusion ) - nose bleeds - nausea , vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - rapid weight gain , swelling of the limbs ( calves , ankles ) 44 - feeling very tired ( fatigue ) - fever - thirst , high urine output , dark urine , dry flushed skin ( signs of high levels of sugar in the blood , known as hyperglycaemia ) - yellow skin and eyes ( sign of high bilirubin in the blood ) - abnormal blood test results which indicate possible problems with the pancreas ( high levels of lipase or amylase ) and liver ( high levels of alanine aminotransferase ( alt ) or aspartate aminotransferase ( ast )) common ( may affect up to 1 in every 10 people ) - involuntary shaking of the body - cough with phlegm , chest pain , fever ( bronchitis ) - cold sores in the mouth due to viral infection ( oral herpes ) - painful and frequent urination ( cystitis ) - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - red , swollen painful rash on any part of the skin ( erysipelas ) - shingles ( herpes zoster ) - disturbance in attention - feeling dizzy with spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - upset stomach , indigestion - feeling weak ( asthenia ) - chills - generalised swelling ( oedema ) - increased weight - contusion ( bruises ) - falls - dizziness , light - headedness ( low blood pressure ) - sore throat reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bruising or bleeding for longer than usual if you hurt yourself -- these may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ). being short of breath , feeling very tired , having pale skin , or fast heartbeat -- these may be signs of a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). fever or infection low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) can increase your risk for infection . signs may include fever , chills , feeling weak or confused , cough , pain or burning feeling when passing urine . some infections can be serious and may lead to death . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of white cells in the blood ( leukopenia ) allergic reaction ( including severe allergic reaction that can be life - threatening ). signs include raised and itchy rash ( hives ) and swelling — sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing , and collapse or loss of consciousness . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) a sudden increase in blood pressure , which may be a medical emergency that could lead to organ damage or can be life - threatening . a brain condition with symptoms including seizures ( fits ), headache , confusion , and changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which is a medical emergency that could lead to organ damage or can be life - threatening . talk to your doctor if you get any other side effects . these can include : 31 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick feeling tired feeling of weakness constipation vomiting stomach pain inability to sleep headache decreased appetite runny or stuffy nose diarrhoea shortness of breath high blood pressure indigestion dizziness cough urinary tract infection palpitations ( feeling like your heart is skipping beats or beating harder than usual ) abnormal taste in mouth common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sunburn - like reactions following exposure to light swelling in the feet , ankles , legs , and / or hands low potassium levels in the blood inflammation or swelling of the air passages between the mouth and nose and the lungs , bronchitis abdominal bloating feeling of worry , nervousness , or unease feelings of sadness , depressed nose bleed decrease in weight muscle pain back pain joint pain pink eye fast heart beat may cause dizziness , chest pain or breathlessness dry mouth inflammation of the mouth and / or digestive tract rash elevated blood tests abnormal blood tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of red blood cells , white blood cells and platelets confusional state inflammation of the lungs which can cause shortness of breath and difficulty breathing ( non - infectious pneumonitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function tests , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity 59 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 users ): tiredness , fungal infections , confusion , hallucinations , vomiting , abnormal gait , heart failure and venous blood clotting ( thrombosis / thromboembolism ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 users ): seizures not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) and psychotic reactions alzheimer ' s disease has been associated with depression , suicidal ideation and suicide . these events have been reported in patients treated with axura . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some patients may have more seizures ( fits ) whilst taking kigabeq . if this happens , contact your child ' s doctor immediately . serious side effects get medical advice immediately if your child has the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - visual field changes about 33 out of 100 patients treated with vigabatrin may have changes in the visual field ( narrow visual field ). this visual field defect can range from mild to severe . it is usually detected after months or years of treatment with vigabatrin . the changes in the visual field may be permanent , so it is important to detect them early to avoid progression . if your child has visual disturbances , contact your child ' s doctor or hospital immediately . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - excitation or restlessness - tiredness and pronounced sleepiness - joint pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - weight gain - shaking ( tremor ) - swelling ( oedema ) - dizziness - sensation of numbness or tingling ( pins and needles ) - reduced concentration and memory - psychological problems including agitation , aggression , nervousness , irritability , depression , thought disturbance and feeling suspicious without reason ( paranoia ). these side effects usually stop when vigabatrin doses are reduced or the medicine is gradually discontinued . however , do not decrease the dose without first talking to your child ' s doctor . contact the doctor if your child has these psychological effects - nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting and abdominal pain - blurred vision , double vision and uncontrolled movement of the eye , which may cause dizziness - speech disorder - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) 33 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - lack of coordination or fumbling - more severe psychological problems such as feeling elated or over - excited , which causes unusual behaviour , and feeling detached from reality - skin rash rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction , which causes swelling of the face or throat . if your child has these symptoms , you should tell his / her doctor immediately - hives or nettle rash - marked sedation ( sleepiness ), stupor and confusion ( encephalopathy ). these side effects usually stop when doses are reduced or the medicine is gradually discontinued . however , do not decrease the dose without first talking to your child ' s doctor . contact the doctor if your child has these effects - suicide attempt - other eye problems such as retinal disorder , causing , for example , poor vision at night and difficulty adjusting from bright to dim areas , sudden or unexplained loss of vision , sensitivity to light very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - other eye problems such as pain in eyes ( optic neuritis ) and loss of vision , including colour vision ( optic atrophy ) - hallucinations ( feeling , seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - liver problems not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - movement disorders and abnormalities in magnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) brain scans in young infants treated for infantile spasms reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your child ' s doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects in women lower abdominal pain together with nausea or vomiting may be the symptoms of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ). this may indicate that the ovaries over - reacted to the treatment and that large ovarian cysts developed ( see also section 2 " take special care with bemfola "). this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). ohss may become severe with clearly enlarged ovaries , decreased urine production , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). complications of ohss such as twisting of ovaries or blood clotting may occur rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). this could cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). serious side effects in men and women allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , hives , swelling of your face with difficulty breathing can sometimes be serious . this side effect is very rare if you notice any of the above - listed side effects you should immediately contact your doctor , who might ask you to stop using bemfola . other side effects in women very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sacs of fluid within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) headache local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , redness , bruising , swelling and / or irritation common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal cramps and bloating very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , hives , swelling of your face with difficulty breathing may occur . these reactions can sometimes be serious . your asthma may get worse other side effects in men very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , redness , bruising , swelling and / or irritation common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): swelling of the veins above and behind the testicles ( varicocele ). breast development , acne or weight gain . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , hives , swelling of your face with difficulty in breathing may occur . these reactions can sometimes be serious . your asthma may get worse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you are changing treatment from other hydrocortisone tablets to plenadren you may experience side effects during the first weeks . these side effects can be : stomach pain , feeling sick and tiredness . they will normally disappear with time , if not contact your doctor . side effects of this medicine are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain / heartburn , feeling sick or nauseated pain in the joints rash itchiness additional side effects have been reported for other hydrocortisone medicines . these medicines have also been given for other indications than adrenal insufficiency replacement therapy , often in higher doses . frequencies of these possible side effects are not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). talk to your doctor if you experience any of these side effects : more prone to infection diabetes or problems with blood sugar levels ( shown in blood tests ) salt and water retention causing swelling and raised blood pressure ( shown on medical examination ) and low potassium level in the blood mood changes such as feelings of overexcitement or losing touch with reality difficulty sleeping raised pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ), clouding of the lens in the eye ( cataract ) heartburn , aggravation of any existing stomach ulcer weakening of the bones - this may cause bone fractures stretch marks , bruising , acne - like rash , excessive growth of facial hair , slow wound healing . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if your symptoms get worse and / or you develop a rash , tingling , difficulty breathing or your face or tongue swells up , get medical attention immediately . this may indicate that you have developed an allergy to ruconest . some side effects may occur during treatment with ruconest : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people nausea uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people abdominal pain , diarrhoea sensation of tingling , prickling or numbness in the mouth headache , dizziness reduced sense of touch or sensation in skin or limbs throat irritation hives swelling of the ears or the area around the ears reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in the leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following side effects : severe allergic reaction , seen with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) possible signs of severe allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may lead to difficulty breathing or swallowing ) diabetic ketoacidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 , ' warnings and precautions '): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling sick or being sick stomach pain excessive thirst fast and deep breathing confusion unusual sleepiness or tiredness a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with jardiance . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice the following side effects : low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if you take jardiance with another medicine that can cause low blood sugar , such as a sulfonylurea or insulin , your risk of getting low blood sugar is higher . the signs of low blood sugar may include : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious or confused , fast heart beat excessive hunger , headache your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have symptoms of low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) the signs of urinary tract infection are : burning sensation when passing urine urine that appears cloudy pain in the pelvis , or mid - back pain ( when kidneys are infected ) an urge to pass urine or more frequent urination may be due to the way jardiance works , but they can also be signs of urinary tract infection . if you note an increase in such symptoms , you should also contact your doctor . dehydration , seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the signs of dehydration are not specific , but may include : unusual thirst lightheadedness or dizziness upon standing fainting or loss of consciousness other side effects while taking jardiance : common genital yeast infection ( thrush ) passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often itching rash or red skin this may be itchy and include raised bumps , oozing fluid or blisters thirst blood tests may show an increase in blood fat ( cholesterol ) levels in your blood uncommon hives straining or pain when emptying the bladder blood tests may show a decrease in kidney function ( creatinine or urea ) blood tests may show increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( haematocrit ) not known necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ´ s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention : you should stop taking galvus and see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : angioedema ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , difficulties breathing , sudden onset rash or hives , which may indicate a reaction called " angioedema ". liver disease ( hepatitis ) ( rare ): symptoms include yellow skin and eyes , nausea , loss of appetite or dark - coloured urine , which may indicate liver disease ( hepatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( frequency not known ): symptoms include severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ), which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting . other side effects some patients have had the following side effects while taking galvus and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): trembling , headache , dizziness , nausea , low blood glucose uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness some patients have had the following side effects while taking galvus and a sulphonylurea : common : trembling , headache , dizziness , weakness , low blood glucose uncommon : constipation very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose some patients have had the following side effects while taking galvus and a glitazone : common : weight increase , swollen hands , ankle or feet ( oedema ) uncommon : headache , weakness , low blood glucose some patients have had the following side effects while taking galvus alone : common : dizziness uncommon : headache , constipation , swollen hands , ankle or feet ( oedema ), joint pain , low blood glucose very rare : sore throat , runny nose , fever some patients have had the following side effects while taking galvus , metformin and a sulphonylurea : common : dizziness , tremor , weakness , low blood glucose , excessive sweating some patients have had the following side effects while taking galvus and insulin ( with or without metformin ): common : headache , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), low blood glucose , heartburn uncommon : diarrhoea , flatulence since this product has been marketed , the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): itchy rash , inflammation of the pancreas , localised peeling of skin or blisters , muscle pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 4 months after the last amsparity injection . seek medical attention urgently , if you notice any of the following signs : severe rash , hives or other signs of allergic reaction ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; shortness of breath with physical activity or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . tell your child ' s doctor as soon as possible , if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired or coughing ; symptoms of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of skin cancer such as a bump or open sore that does not heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . the signs and symptoms described above can represent the side effects listed below , which have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; pain in the muscles or joints . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious infections ( including blood poisoning and influenza ); intestinal infections ( including gastroenteritis ); skin infections ( including cellulitis and shingles ); ear infections ; mouth infections ( including tooth infections and cold sores ); reproductive tract infections ; urinary tract infection ; fungal infections ; joint infections ; benign tumours ; skin cancer ; allergic reactions ( including seasonal allergy ); dehydration ; mood swings ( including depression ); anxiety ; difficulty sleeping ; sensation disorders such as tingling , prickling or numbness ; migraine ; symptoms of nerve root compression ( including low back pain and leg pain ); vision disturbances ; eye inflammation ; inflammation of the eye lid and eye swelling ; vertigo ( sensation of room spinning ); sensation of heart beating rapidly ; 165 high blood pressure ; flushing ; haematoma ( a solid swelling with clotted blood ); cough ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; gastrointestinal bleeding ; dyspepsia ( indigestion , bloating , heart burn ); acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; inflammation of the skin ( such as eczema ); breaking of finger nails and toe nails ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; kidney problems ; chest pain ; oedema ( a build - up of fluid in the body which causes the affected tissue to swell ); fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) opportunistic ( unusual ) infections ( which include tuberculosis and other infections ) that occur when resistance to disease is lowered ; neurological infections ( including viral meningitis ); eye infections ; bacterial infections ; diverticulitis ( inflammation and infection of the large intestine ); cancer , including cancer that affects the lymph system ( lymphoma ) and melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ); immune disorders that could affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( most commonly as a condition called sarcoidosis ); vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ); tremor ( shaking ); neuropathy ( nerve damage ); stroke ; double vision ; hearing loss , buzzing ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; heart problems that can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling ; heart attack ; a sac in the wall of a major artery , inflammation and clot of a vein , blockage of a blood vessel ; lung diseases causing shortness of breath ( including inflammation ); pulmonary embolism ( blockage in an artery of the lung ); pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the pleural space ); inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; difficulty in swallowing ; 166 facial oedema ( swelling of the face ); gallbladder inflammation , gallbladder stones ; fatty liver ( build up of fat in liver cells ); night sweats ; scar ; abnormal muscle breakdown ; systemic lupus erythematosus ( an immune disorder including inflammation of skin , heart , lung , joints and other organ systems ); sleep interruptions ; impotence ; inflammations . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ); severe allergic reaction with shock ; multiple sclerosis ; nerve disorders ( such as inflammation of the optic nerve to the eye , and guillain - barré syndrome , a condition that may cause muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms and upper body ); heart stops pumping ; pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ); intestinal perforation ( hole in the wall of the gut ); hepatitis ( liver inflammation ); reactivation of hepatitis b infection ; autoimmune hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ); cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ); stevens - johnson syndrome ( life - threatening reaction with flu - like symptoms and blistering rash ); facial oedema ( swelling of the face ) associated with allergic reactions ; erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash ); lupus - like syndrome ; angioedema ( localised swelling of the skin ); lichenoid skin reaction ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ) hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ( a rare blood cancer that is often fatal ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ); liver failure ; worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ). some side effects observed with adalimumab may not have symptoms and may only be discovered through blood tests . these include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for red blood cells ; increased lipids in the blood ; raised liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for sodium ; low blood measurements for calcium ; low blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; autoantibodies present in the blood ; low blood potassium . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) raised bilirubin measurement ( liver blood test ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects while being treated with javlor : - fever and / or chills which could be signs of infection , - chest pain which could be sign of heart attack , - constipation that resists to laxative treatment , - headaches , changed mental state which may lead to confusion and coma , convulsions , blurred vision and high blood pressure , which could be sign of a neurological disorder such as " posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome " ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting - constipation , diarrhoea - inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth - tiredness , muscle pain - lack of sense of touch - weight decrease , decrease of appetite - loss of hair - reactions at injection site ( pain , redness , swelling ) - fever - low levels of white blood cells , red blood cells and / or platelets ( seen in blood test ) - low levels of blood sodium ( hyponatraemia ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chills , excessive sweating - allergy , dehydration , headache , skin rash , itching - digestive problems , pain in the mouth , on the tongue and toothache , taste alteration - muscular weakness , pain in jaw , pain in extremity , back pain , pain in joints , muscular pain , bone pain , ear pain - dizziness , insomnia , transiant loss of consciousness - difficulties with body movements - fast heartbeat , raised blood pressure , reduced blood pressure - breathing difficulties , cough , chest pain - swelling of your arms , hands , feet , ankles , legs or other parts of your body - inflammation of the veins ( phlebitis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - visual disturbances - dry skin , redness of the skin - muscle contraction disorders - pain in the throat , gum disorders - weight increase - urinary problems - ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood test ) 29 - " syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion ", which is a condition that causes low levels of blood sodium - tumour pain . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in clinical studies with the vaccine , most side effects were mild in nature and short term . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you want more information about possible side effects from fluenz tetra . some side effects may be serious very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reaction : signs of a severe allergic reaction may include shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . tell your doctor straight away or seek urgent medical care if you experience any of the effects above . other possible side effects of fluenz tetra very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): runny or stuffy nose reduced appetite weakness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): fever muscle aches headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash nose bleed allergic reactions reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common side effects reported during clinical trials usually lasted only one to two days and were not usually severe . in children ( from 2 to 10 years of age ), the side effects that were reported during clinical trials are listed below . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sleepiness , headache , irritability , generally feeling unwell , injection site pain , injection site redness (≤ 50 mm ), injection site firmness (≤ 50 mm ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): change in eating habits , nausea , vomiting , diarrhea , rash , muscle ache , joint ache , chills , fever ≥ 38oc , injection site redness (> 50mm ) and injection site firmness (> 50mm ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): injection site itching in adolescents ( from 11 years of age ) and adults , the most common side effects that were reported during clinical trials are listed below . very common : headache , nausea , injection site pain , injection site redness (≤ 50 mm ), injection site firmness (≤ 50 mm ), muscle ache , generally feeling unwell common : rash , injection site redness (> 50 mm ), injection site firmness (> 50 mm ), joint ache , fever ≥ 38 , chills 34 uncommon : dizziness , injection site itching side effects that have been reported during marketed use include : rare : enlarged lymph nodes . not known : allergic reactions that may include severe swelling of the lips , mouth , throat ( which may cause difficulty in swallowing ), difficulty breathing with wheezing or coughing , rash and swelling of the hands , feet and ankles , loss of consciousness , very low blood pressure ; fits ( convulsions ) including fits associated with fever ; balance disorder ; faint ; infection of the skin at the injection site ; injection site swelling , including extensive swelling of the injected limb . if a severe allergic reaction occurs tell your doctor straight away or go immediately / take your child to the nearest accident and emergency department because urgent medical help may be needed . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions — get medical help immediately benlysta can cause a reaction to the injection , or an allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction . these are common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). they can occasionally be severe ( uncommon , affecting up to 1 in 100 people ), and could be life - threatening . these severe reactions are more likely to happen on the day of your first or second treatment with benlysta , but can be delayed and occur several days afterwards . tell your doctor or nurse immediately , or go to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , if you get any of the following symptoms of an allergic or injection - related reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue wheezing , difficulty in breathing or shortness of breath rash itchy raised bumps or hives . rarely , less severe delayed reactions to benlysta can also occur , usually 5 to 10 days after an injection . they include symptoms such as rash , feeling sick , tiredness , muscle aches , headache , or facial swelling . if you experience these symptoms , particularly if you get two or more of them together : tell your doctor or nurse . infections benlysta can make you more likely to get infections , including infection of the urinary tract and airways . these are very common and may affect more than 1 in 10 people . some infections can be severe and can uncommonly cause death . if you get any of the following symptoms of an infection : fever and / or chills cough , breathing problems diarrhoea , vomiting burning sensation while passing urine ; urinating often warm , red or painful skin or sores on your body . tell your doctor or nurse immediately . depression and suicide there have been reports of depression , suicidal thoughts , and suicide attempts during treatment with benlysta . depression can affect up to 1 in 10 people , suicidal thoughts and suicide attempts can affect up to 1 in 100 people . if you feel depressed , have thoughts about harming yourself or other distressing thoughts , or if you are depressed and notice that you feel worse or develop new symptoms : contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . increased risk of brain infection medicines that weaken your immune system , such as benlysta , may put you at higher risk of getting a rare but serious and life - threatening brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). symptoms of pml include : memory loss trouble in thinking 63 difficulty with talking or walking loss of vision . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms , or similar problems that have lasted over several days . if you already had these symptoms before you started treatment with benlysta : tell your doctor immediately if you notice any changes in these symptoms . other possible side effects : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : bacterial infections ( see ' infections ' above ) feeling sick , diarrhoea . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : high temperature or fever low white blood cell count ( can be seen in blood tests ) nose , throat or stomach infection pain in hands or feet migraine injection site reactions , for example : rash , redness , itching or swelling of the skin where you have injected benlysta . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : itchy , bumpy rash ( hives ), skin rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking karvezide and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with karvezide were : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea / vomiting abnormal urination fatigue dizziness ( including when getting up from a lying or sitting position ) blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine kinase ) or raised levels of substances that measure kidney function ( blood urea nitrogen , creatinine ). if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . uncommon side effects - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea low blood pressure fainting heart rate increased flushing swelling sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ) blood tests may show lowered levels of potassium and sodium in your blood . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . side effects reported since the launch of karvezide some undesirable effects have been reported since marketing of karvezide . undesirable effects where the frequency is not known are : headache , ringing in the ears , cough , taste disturbance , indigestion , pain in joints and muscles , liver function abnormal and impaired kidney function , increased level of potassium in your blood and allergic reactions such as rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . side effects associated with irbesartan alone in addition to the side effects listed above , chest pain , severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) and decrease in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ) have also been reported . side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide alone loss of appetite ; stomach irritation ; stomach cramps ; constipation ; jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); inflammation of the pancreas characterised by severe upper stomach pain , often with nausea and vomiting ; sleep disorders ; depression ; blurred vision ; lack of white blood cells , which can result in frequent infections , fever ; decrease in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ), decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) characterised by tiredness , headaches , being short of breath when exercising , dizziness and looking pale ; kidney disease ; lung problems including pneumonia or build - up of fluid in the lungs ; increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun ; inflammation of blood vessels ; a skin disease characterized by the peeling of the skin all over the body ; cutaneous lupus erythematosus , which is identified by a rash that may appear on the face , neck , and scalp ; allergic reactions ; weakness and muscle spasm ; altered heart rate ; reduced blood pressure after a change in body position ; swelling of the salivary glands ; high sugar levels in the blood ; sugar in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood fat ; high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ) it is known that side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide may increase with higher doses of hydrochlorothiazide . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects that were commonly reported in zeffix clinical trials were tiredness , respiratory tract infections , throat discomfort , headache , stomach discomfort and pain , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , increases in liver enzymes and enzymes produced in the muscles ( see below ). allergic reaction these are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). signs include : swelling of eyelids , face or lips difficulty swallowing or breathing contact a doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . stop taking zeffix . side effects thought to be caused by zeffix a very common side effect ( these may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) which may show up in blood tests is : an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ), which may be a sign of inflammation or damage in the liver . a common side effect ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) is : cramps and muscle pains skin rash or ' hives ' anywhere on the body a common side effect which may show up in blood tests is : 46 an increase in the level of an enzyme produced in the muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) which may be a sign that body tissue is damaged . a very rare side effect ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) is : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ). other side effects other side effects have occurred in a very small number of people but their exact frequency is unknown breakdown of muscle tissue a worsening of liver disease after zeffix is stopped or during treatment if the hepatitis b virus becomes resistant to zeffix . this can be fatal in some people . a side effect which may show up in blood tests is : a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ). if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . the majority of side effects seen with evista have been mild . the most common side effects ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) are : hot flushes ( vasodilatation ) flu syndrome gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and stomach upset increased blood pressure common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) are : headache including migraine leg cramps swelling of hands , feet and legs ( peripheral oedema ) gallstones rash mild breast symptoms such as pain , enlargement and tenderness 27 uncommon side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1000 ) are : increased risk of blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) increased risk of blood clots in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) increased risk of blood clots in the eyes ( retinal vein thrombosis ) skin around the vein is red and painful ( superficial vein thrombophlebitis ) blood clot in an artery ( for example stroke , including an increased risk of dying from stroke ) decrease in the number of the platelets in the blood in rare cases , blood levels of liver enzymes may increase during treatment with evista . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects at the application site occur in about 9 out of 10 users and indicate that the affected cells are responding to treatment . generally , side effects are of mild or moderate intensity , typically occurring during illumination or 1 to 4 days after . however , in some cases they may persist for 1 to 2 weeks or even longer . in rare cases , interruption or discontinuation of illumination may be necessary . after more extended time periods , treatment with ameluz frequently results in continued improvement of skin quality parameters . the side effects listed below have been reported when using ameluz with a red - light lamp . the study of ameluz using daylight showed similar types of side effects ; however , with lower intensity . some reactions at the application site have been observed before the use of light . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people reactions at the application site skin reddening pain ( incl . burning ) irritation itching tissue swelling caused by excess fluid scab scaling of the skin hardening abnormal sensation , such as pricking , tingling or numbness common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people reactions at the application site vesicles discharge abrasion other reaction discomfort increased sensitivity to pain bleeding warmth headache uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people reactions at the application site change of colour pustules ulcer swelling inflammation eczema with pustules allergic reaction1 blister dry skin eyelid swelling caused by excess fluid , blurred vision or visual impairment 26 unpleasant , abnormal sense of touch chills feeling hot , fever , hot flush temporary memory loss1 pain nervousness wound secretion fatigue rash , red or purple spots on the body ulcer swelling skin tightness 1 data from post - marketing reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . although not all of these side effects may occur , they may need medical attention if they do . psychiatric and central nervous system : some people get depressed when taking introna alone or in combination treatment with ribavirin , and in some cases people had thoughts about threatening the life of others , suicidal thoughts or aggressive behaviour ( sometimes directed against others ). some patients have actually committed suicide . be sure to seek emergency care if you notice that you are becoming depressed or have suicidal thoughts or change in your behaviour . you may want to consider asking a family member or close friend to help you stay alert to signs of depression or changes in your behaviour . children and adolescents are particularly prone to develop depression when being treated with introna and ribavirin . immediately contact the doctor or seek emergency treatment if they display any unusual behavioural symptoms , feel depressed , or feel they want to harm themselves or others . growth and development ( children and adolescents ): during the one year of treatment with introna in combination with ribavirin , some children and adolescents did not grow or gain weight as much as expected . some children did not reach their projected height within 10 - 12 years after completing treatment . if any of the following side effects happen , stop taking introna and tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital : - swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ; hives ; fainting . these are all very serious side effects . if you have them , you may have had a serious allergic reaction to introna . you may need urgent medical attention or hospitalisation . these very serious side effects are very rare . check with your doctor immediately if any of the following side effects occur : - chest pain or persistent and severe cough ; irregular or rapid heartbeat ; shortness of breath , confusion , difficulty remaining alert , numbness or tingling sensation or pain in hands or feet ; seizure ( convulsions ); trouble sleeping , thinking or concentrating ; altered mental state ; suicidal thoughts , suicide attempt , changed behaviour or aggressive behaviour ( sometimes directed against others ), hallucinations ; severe stomach pain ; black or tar like stools ; blood in stool or urine , severe nosebleed ; waxy pallor , high sugar level in blood , fever or chills beginning after a few weeks of treatment , lower back or side pain , difficult urination , problems with your eyes or your eyesight or hearing , loss of hearing , severe or painful reddening or sores on your skin or mucous membrane . these may signal serious side effects that may need urgent medical attention . your doctor will test your blood to ensure that your white blood cell ( cells that fight infection ) and red blood cell ( cells that carry iron and oxygen ) counts , platelets ( blood clotting cells ) and other laboratory values are at 149 acceptable levels . moderate and usually reversible reduction in all three blood elements - white blood cells , red blood cells and platelets , has been reported . at the beginning of treatment with introna , you may experience a flu - like reaction , with fever , fatigue , headache , muscle ache , joint pain and chills / rigors . your doctor may recommend that you take paracetamol if you develop these symptoms . possible side effects listed below are grouped by frequency of occurrence : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : very commonly reported side effects : pain , swelling and redness or skin damage at site of injection , hair loss , dizziness , changes in appetite , stomach or abdominal pains , diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), viral infection , depression , emotional lability , insomnia , anxiety , sore throat and painful swallowing , fatigue , chills / rigors , fever , flu - like reaction , feeling of general discomfort , headaches , weight loss , vomiting , irritability , weakness , mood swings , coughing ( sometimes severe ), shortness of breath , itching , dry skin , rash , sudden and severe muscle pain , joint pain , musculoskeletal pain , changes in laboratory blood values including decreased white blood cell count . some children have had a decrease in their rate of growth ( height and weight ). commonly reported side effects : thirst , dehydration , high blood pressure , migraines , swollen glands , flushing , menstrual problems , decreased sexual drive , vaginal problem , breast pain , pain in testicle , problems with thyroid gland , red gums , dry mouth , red or sore mouth or tongue , tooth ache or tooth disorder , herpes simplex ( fever blisters ), taste change , upset stomach , dyspepsia ( heartburn ), constipation , enlargement of liver ( liver problems , sometimes severe ), loose stools , bedwetting in children , inflammation of the sinuses , bronchitis , eye pain , problem with your tear ducts , conjunctivitis (" pink eye "), agitation , sleepiness , sleepwalking , problem with behaviour , nervousness , stuffy or runny nose , sneezing , rapid breathing , pale or reddened skin , bruising , problem with skin or nails , psoriasis ( new or worsened ), increased sweating , increased need to pass urine , fine shaking movements , decreased sensitivity to touch , arthritis . uncommonly reported side effects : bacterial infection , feeling of pins and needles , and pericarditis ( inflammation of the lining of the heart ). rarely reported side effects : pneumonia . very rarely reported side effects : low blood pressure , puffy face , diabetes , leg cramps , back pain , kidney problems , nerve damage , bleeding gums , aplastic anaemia . pure red cell aplasia , a condition where the body stopped or reduced the production of red blood cells , has been reported . this causes severe anaemia , symptoms of which would include unusual tiredness and a lack of energy . very rarely sarcoidosis , ( a disease characterised by persistent fever , weight loss , joint pain and swelling , skin lesions and swollen glands ) has been reported . loss of consciousness has occurred very rarely , mostly in elderly patients treated at high doses . cases of stroke ( cerebrovascular events ) have been reported . check with your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . not known side effects : periodontal ( affecting gums ) and dental disorders , change in colour of the tongue , altered mental status , loss of consciousness , acute hypersensitivity reactions including urticaria ( hives ), angioedema ( swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), bronchoconstriction and anaphylaxis ( a severe , whole - body allergic reaction ) have been reported , but their frequency is unknown . additionally , vogt - koyanagi - harada syndrome ( an autoimmune inflammatory disorder affecting the eyes , skin and the membranes of the ears , brain and spinal cord ), thoughts about threatening the life of others , mania ( excessive or unreasonable enthusiasm ), bipolar disorders ( mood disorders characterized by alternating episodes of sadness and excitement ), congestive heart failure , pericardial effusion ( a fluid collection that develops between the pericardium ( the lining of the heart ) and the heart itself ), pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lungs ), and hepatitis b reactivation in hcv / hbv co - infected patients ( recurrence of hepatitis b disease ) have been reported with introna use . pulmonary arterial hypertension a disease of severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this may occur in particular in patients with risk factors such as hiv infection or severe liver problems ( cirrhosis ). the side effect may develop at various time points during treatment , typically several months after starting treatment with introna . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can also help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the effects in this list . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people . diarrhoea feeling sick in your stomach vomiting fever respiratory tract congestion , such as stuffy nose and sore throat , has been reported in patients with kidney disease not yet on dialysis . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people . increased blood pressure . headaches , particularly sudden , stabbing migraine - like headaches , feeling confused or having fits may be signs of a sudden increase in blood pressure . this requires urgent treatment . raised blood pressure may require treatment with medicines ( or adjustment to any medicines you already take for high blood pressure ). blood clots ( including deep vein thrombosis and embolism ) that may require urgent treatment . you may have chest pain , breathlessness , and painful swelling and redness , usually in the leg as symptoms . cough . skin rashes , which may result from an allergic reaction . bone or muscle pain . flu - like symptoms , such as headache , aches and pains in the joints , feeling of weakness , chills , tiredness and dizziness . these may be more common at the start of treatment . if you have these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to avoid them in the future . redness , burning and pain at the site of injection . swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers . arm or leg pain . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people . high levels of blood potassium which can cause abnormal heart rhythm ( this is a very common side effect in patients on dialysis ). fits . nose or airway congestion . allergic reaction . hives . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms of pure red cell aplasia ( prca ) prca means the bone marrow does not make enough red blood cells . prca causes sudden and severe anaemia . the symptoms are : unusual tiredness , feeling dizzy , breathlessness . prca has been very rarely reported mostly in patients with kidney disease after months to years of treatment with epoetin alfa and other products that stimulate red blood cell production . an increase in levels of small blood cells ( called platelets ), which are normally involved in the formation of a blood clot may occur , particularly when starting treatment . your doctor will check on this . severe allergic reaction that may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , itchy rash ( hives ). problem with the blood that may cause pain , dark coloured urine or increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight ( porphyria ). if you are receiving haemodialysis : blood clots ( thrombosis ) may form in your dialysis shunt . this is more likely if you have low blood pressure or if your fistula has complications . blood clots may also form in your haemodialysis system . your doctor may decide to increase your heparin dose during dialysis . serious skin rashes including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using binocrit if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are aware of any of these effects , or if you notice any other effects while you are receiving treatment with binocrit . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects can be seen after the use of gardasil 9 : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): side effects found at the injection site ( pain , swelling , and redness ) and headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): side effects found at the injection site ( bruising , and itching ), fever , tiredness , dizziness and nausea . when gardasil 9 was given with a combined diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis [ acellular , component ] and poliomyelitis [ inactivated ] booster vaccine during the same visit , there was more injection - site swelling . the following side effects have been reported with gardasil or silgard and may also be seen after getting gardasil 9 : fainting , sometimes accompanied by shaking or stiffening , has been reported . although fainting episodes are uncommon , patients should be observed for 15 minutes after they receive hpv vaccine . allergic reactions have been reported . some of these reactions have been severe . symptoms may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , hives and / or rash . as with other vaccines , side effects that have been reported during general use include : swollen glands ( neck , armpit , or groin ); muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms , legs and upper body , or confusion ( guillain - barré syndrome , acute disseminated encephalomyelitis ); vomiting , joint pain , aching muscles , unusual tiredness or weakness , chills , generally feeling unwell , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal and skin infection at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you or your child get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . stop using this medicine and contact your doctor immediately if you develop skin rash , severe skin reaction , or severe redness and itching of the eye . these could be the signs of an allergic reaction ( frequency is not known ). you can usually carry on taking the drops , unless the effects are serious . if you are worried , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not stop using azarga without speaking to your doctor first . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) effects in the eye : eye surface inflammation , blurred vision , signs and symptoms of eye irritation ( e . g . burning , stinging , itching , tearing , redness ), eye pain . general side effects : heart rate decreased , taste disturbances . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : corneal erosion ( damage to the front layer of the eyeball ), eye surface inflammation with surface damage , inflammation inside the eye , corneal staining , abnormal sensation in the eyes , eye discharge , dry eye , tired eyes , itchy eye , eye redness , eyelid redness . general side effects : decrease in white blood cell count , decreased blood pressure , cough , blood in urine , body weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the eye : corneal disorder , sensitivity to light , increased tear production , eyelid crusting general side effects : difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), throat pain , running nose not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) effects in the eye : eye allergy , disturbance of vision , damage to the optic nerve , increased pressure in eye , deposits on the eye surface , decreased eye sensation , inflammation or infection of the conjunctiva ( white of the eye ), abnormal , double or reduced vision , increased pigmentation of the eye , growth on surface of eye , eye swelling , sensitivity to light , decreased growth or number of eyelashes , drooping of the upper eyelids ( making the eye stay half closed ), inflammation of the eyelid and eye lid glands , inflammation in the cornea and detachment of the layer below the retina that contains blood vessels following filtration surgery which may cause visual disturbances , decreased corneal sensitivity . heart and circulation : changes in rhythm or rate of the heartbeat , slow heart rate , palpitations , a type of heart rhythm disorder , abnormal increase in heart rate , chest pain , reduced heart function , heart attack , increased blood pressure , reduced blood supply to the brain , stroke , oedema ( fluid build up ), congestive heart failure ( heart disease with shortness of breath and swelling of the feet and legs due to fluid build up ), swelling of the extremities , low blood pressure , discoloration of the fingers , toes , and occasionally other areas of the body ( raynaud ' s phenomenon ), cold hands and feet . respiratory : constriction of the airways in the lungs ( predominantly in patients with pre - existing disease ) shortness of breath or difficulty breathing , cold symptoms , chest congestion , sinus infection , sneezing , stuffy nose , dry nose , nose bleeds , asthma , throat irritation . nervous system and general disorders : hallucinations , depression , nightmares , memory loss , headache , nervousness , irritability , tiredness , shaking , feeling abnormal , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , generalised or severe weakness , unusual sensations like pins and needles . gastric : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , intestinal gas or abdominal discomfort , inflammation of the throat , dry or abnormal sensation in mouth , indigestion , stomach ache . blood : abnormal liver function values , increased blood chlorine levels , or decreased red blood cell count as seen in a blood test . allergy : increased allergic symptoms , generalised allergic reactions including swelling beneath the skin that can occur in areas such as the face and limbs and can obstruct the airway which may cause difficulty swallowing or breathing , hives , localised and generalised rash , itchiness , severe sudden life - threatening allergic reaction . ear : ringing in the ears , sensation of spinning or dizziness . skin : rash , skin redness or inflammation , abnormal or decreased skin sensation , hair loss , rash with white silvery coloured appearance ( psoriasiform rash ) or worsening of psoriasis . muscular : generalised back , joint , or muscle pain not caused by exercise , muscle spasms , pain in extremities , muscle weakness / tiredness , increases in the signs and symptoms of myasthenia gravis ( muscle disorder ). kidney : kidney pain such as lower back pain , frequent urination . reproduction : sexual dysfunction , decreased libido , male sexual difficulty . metabolism : low blood sugar levels . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of pritor common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug rash , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning " is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face or low blood pressure ), low blood sugar levels ( in diabetic patients ), feeling anxious , somnolence , impaired vision , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), dry mouth , upset stomach , taste disturbance ( dysgeusia ), abnormal liver function ( japanese patients are more likely to experience this side effect ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa which can also lead to death ( angioedema also with fatal outcome ), eczema ( a skin disorder ), redness of skin , hives ( urticaria ), severe drug rash , joint pain ( arthralgia ), pain in extremity , tendon pain , flu - like - illness , decreased haemoglobin ( a blood protein ), increased levels of uric acid , increased hepatic enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**. * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of telmisartan . however , it is not known whether telmisartan was the cause . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the important side effects of portrazza are skin reactions and blood clots in the veins . seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following : blood clots in the veins venous blood clots are likely to occur in approximately 8 out of 100 patients . in approximately 4 out of 100 patients these side effects are likely to be severe . they can lead to a blockage of a blood vessel in the leg . symptoms may include swelling , pain and tenderness of the limb . blood clots can also lead to a blockage in the blood vessels of the lung . symptoms may include difficulty breathing , chest pain , or an abnormal heartbeat and discomfort . skin reactions skin reactions may occur in approximately 80 out of 100 patients who take portrazza and are usually mild to moderate . in approximately 5 out of 100 patients these skin reactions are likely to be severe . symptoms of severe skin reactions may include acne - like skin conditions and skin rash . the skin rash commonly resembles acne and often involves the face , upper chest and back , but can affect any area of the body . most of these side effects usually disappear over time after the end of portrazza therapy . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): itching ; dry skin ; scaling ; nail disorders ( skin reactions ) vomiting fever or high temperature ( pyrexia ) decreased weight mouth ulcers and cold sores ( stomatitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) nosebleed ( epistaxis ) strange tastes ; metallic taste ( dysgeusia ) eye inflammation ( conjunctivitis ) blood clots in the arteries urinary tract infection ( bladder and / or kidneys ) pain when passing urine ( dysuria ) difficulty in swallowing ( dysphagia ) muscle spasms inflammation of veins in the legs ( phlebitis ) allergic reactions pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) portrazza may also cause changes in the results of blood tests . these include low blood levels of magnesium , calcium , potassium or phosphate . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms indicating serious side effects during or shortly after treatment : rash , itching , ( sudden ) dizziness , light - headedness , ( increasing ) swelling , difficulty breathing , wheezing or any other problems you may have . in some patients these allergic reactions can become severe or life - threatening ( known as anaphylactic reactions ). these reactions can be associated with heart and circulation complications , loss of consciousness and may result in death . if you are older than 65 years or have an underlying condition , such as liver or heart disease , the risk of having severe consequences including death may be higher after a serious allergic reaction . doctors are aware of these possible side effects and will monitor you during the infusion and for at least 30 minutes after the infusion , and also have emergency treatment available if required . other side effects that you should tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse about if they become serious : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - bleeding , swelling , bruising , pain , rash , irritation or warmth at infusion / injection site uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness - low blood pressure - feeling weak or tired - feeling drowsy or sleepy - flushing , hot flush - feeling hot , fever - sweating ( including night sweats ) - chills - high blood pressure ( sudden increase in blood pressure ) - skin rash , itching , darkening of an area of skin or nails , bruising , hives - burning sensation of skin - shortness of breath - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain / discomfort - stomach distension or bloating - nausea , vomiting 27 - discoloured stools - changes in taste - increased or decreased appetite - muscle / joint pain , weakness or stiffness , muscle spasms - headache - chest pain / discomfort - back pain - changes in blood test results ( e . g . iron parameters ) - allergic reaction including severe allergic reaction ( see paragraph " serious side effects ") rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - burning , prickling , numbness or tingling sensation of skin - dehydration - upset stomach / indigestion - nose bleed - dry mouth - burning or tingling sensation of tongue / mouth - increased tearing - blurred vision - gout - abnormal blood tests ( decreased glucose , elevated potassium , abnormal liver function , elevated type of white blood cell i . e . eosinophilia ) side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following serious side effects have been reported shortly after receiving rienso : - life - threatening and fatal allergic reactions ( anaphylactic / anaphylactoid hypersensitivity ) - cardiovascular complications ( affecting the heart and blood vessels ) including heart attack , congestive heart failure , palpitations , blood vessel dilation , changes in your pulse rate including weak / absent pulse , heart stops beating , heart and breathing stop , blue discolouration of skin and / or mucous membranes due to lack of oxygen in the blood ( cyanosis ) - fainting / loss of consciousness / unresponsiveness - sudden swelling up of skin or mucous membranes ( angioedema ), skin rash - wheezing ( bronchospasm ), cough , upper airway swelling , difficulty breathing ( change to breathing rate ), inability to breathe - throat irritation , throat tightness , lip swelling , tongue swelling - injection site discolouration , injection site itching and discolouration reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report any side effects directly to the national reporting system via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , feeling sleepy feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) lack of appetite trouble sleeping , feeling agitated , less sex drive , anxiety , difficulty or failure to experience orgasm , unusual dreams dizziness , feeling sluggish , tremor , numbness , including numbness , pricking or tingling of the skin blurred eyesight tinnitus ( hearing sound in the ear when there is no external sound ) feeling the heart pumping in the chest , increased blood pressure , flushing increased yawning constipation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , being sick ( vomiting ), heartburn or indigestion , breaking wind increased sweating , ( itchy ) rash muscle pain , muscle spasm painful urination , frequent urination problems getting an erection , changes in ejaculation falls ( mostly in elderly people ), fatigue weight loss 40 children and adolescents under 18 years of age with depression treated with this medicine had some weight loss when they first start taking this medicine . weight increased to match other children and adolescents of their age and sex after 6 months of treatment . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) throat inflammation that causes a hoarse voice suicidal thoughts , difficulty sleeping , grinding or clenching the teeth , feeling disorientated , lack of motivation sudden involuntary jerks or twitches of the muscles , sensation of restlessness or an inability to sit or stand still , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , difficulty controlling movement e . g . lack of coordination or involuntary movements of the muscles , restless legs syndrome , poor sleep quality large pupils ( the dark centre of the eye ), problems with eyesight feeling of dizziness or " spinning " ( vertigo ), ear pain fast and / or irregular heart beat fainting , dizziness , lightheadedness or fainting on standing up , cold fingers and / or toes throat tightness , nose bleeds vomiting blood , or black tarry stools ( faeces ), gastroenteritis , burping , difficulty swallowing inflammation of the liver that may cause abdominal pain and yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes night sweats , hives , cold sweats , sensitivity to sunlight , increased tendency to bruise muscle tightness , muscle twitching difficulty or inability to pass urine , difficulty to start urinating , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow abnormal vaginal bleeding , abnormal periods , including heavy , painful , irregular or prolonged periods , unusually light or missed periods , pain in the testicles or scrotum chest pain , feeling cold , thirst , shivering , feeling hot , abnormal gait weight gain nodetrip may cause effects that you may not be aware of , such as increases in liver enzymes or blood levels of potassium , creatine phosphokinase , sugar , or cholesterol rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness with swollen tongue or lips , allergic reactions decreased thyroid gland activity which can cause tiredness or weight gain dehydration , low levels of sodium in the blood ( mostly in elderly people ; the symptoms may include feeling dizzy , weak , confused , sleepy or very tired , or feeling or being sick , more serious symptoms are fainting , fits or falls ), syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti - diuretic hormone ( siadh ) suicidal behaviour , mania ( over activity , racing thoughts and decreased need for sleep ), hallucinations , aggression and anger " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) coughing , wheezing and shortness of breath which may be accompanied by a high temperature inflammation of the mouth , passing bright red blood in your stools , bad breath , inflammation of the large intestine ( leading to diarrhoea ) liver failure , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( serious illness with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ), serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) contraction of the jaw muscle abnormal urine odour menopausal symptoms , abnormal production of breast milk in men or women 41 excessive vaginal bleeding shortly after birth ( postpartum haemorrhage ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . pseudomembranous colitis may occur with most antibiotics including tigecycline accord . this consists of severe , persistent or bloody diarrhoea associated with abdominal pain or fever , which can be a sign of serious bowel inflammation , which may occur during or after your treatment . very common side effects are ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects are ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abscess ( collection of pus ), infections laboratory measurements of decreased ability to form blood clots dizziness vein irritations from the injection , including pain , inflammation , swelling and clotting abdominal pain , dyspepsia ( stomach ache and indigestion ), anorexia ( loss of appetite ) increases in liver enzymes , hyperbilirubinaemia ( excess of bile pigment in the blood ) pruritus ( itching ), rash poor or slow wound healing headache increase in amylase , which is an enzyme found in the salivary glands and pancreas , increased blood urea nitrogen ( bun ). pneumonia low blood sugar sepsis ( severe infection in the body and blood stream )/ septic shock ( serious medical condition which can lead to multiple organ failure and death as a result of sepsis ) injection site reaction ( pain , redness , inflammation ) low protein levels in the blood uncommon side effects are ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): acute pancreatitis ( inflamed pancreas which may result in severe abdominal pain , nausea , and vomiting ) jaundice ( yellow coloration of the skin ), inflammation of the liver low platelet levels in the blood ( which may lead to an increased bleeding tendency and bruising / haematoma ) not known side effects are ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): 28 anaphylaxis / anaphylactoid reactions ( that may range from mild to severe , including a sudden , generalised allergic reaction that may lead to a life - threatening shock [ e . g . difficulty in breathing , drop of blood pressure , fast pulse ]). liver failure skin rash , which may lead to severe blistering and peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) low fibrinogen levels in the blood ( a protein involved in blood clotting ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side - effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately for any of the following : - symptoms such as chills or fever . these could be a sign of low white blood cell counts ( which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and should be treated immediately . if you have cough , fever and difficulty breathing or chest pain , this could be a sign of lung infection . serious or life - threatening infections are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - painful swollen leg , chest pain , shortness of breath , rapid breathing or rapid heart rate as these can be signs of blood clots in the vein ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - diarrhoea ( which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). refer to section 2 for more information on any of the possible effects listed above . other side effects with verzenios may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections reduction in white blood cells , red blood cells , and blood platelets nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting decreased appetite alteration in sense of taste hair loss tiredness dizziness itching rash abnormalities in liver blood tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) watering eyes muscular weakness dry skin inflammation of the lungs which causes breathlessness , cough and raised temperature reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : 35 fever or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38 ºc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop skin rash ( very common ) / burning or prickling sensation ( common ), or fever ( common ). rarely , skin reactions may be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) side effects with pemetrexed lilly may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking skin abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys fatigue ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of body fluids taste change damage to the motor nerves which may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , burning pain and unsteady gait dizziness inflammation or swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye dry eye watery eyes dryness of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids eye disorder with dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or pain cardiac failure ( condition that affects the pumping power of your heart muscles ) irregular heart rhythm indigestion 36 constipation abdominal pain liver : increases in the chemicals in the blood made by the liver increased skin pigmentation itchy skin rash on the body where each mark resembles a bullseye hair loss hives kidney stop working reduced functionality of kidney fever pain excess fluid in body tissue , causing swelling chest pain inflammation and ulceration of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of red , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) heart attack narrowing or blockage of the coronary arteries abnormal heart rythm deficient blood distribution to the limbs blockage in one of the pulmonary arteries in your lungs inflammation and scarring of the lining of the lungs with breathing problems passage of bright red blood from the anus bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract ruptured bowel inflammation of the lining of the oesophagus inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) inflammation , edema , erythema , and erosion of the mucosal surface of the esophagus caused by radiation therapy inflammation of the lung caused by radiation therapy rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver redness of the skin skin rash that develops throughout a previously irradiated area very rare ( affect up to 1 of 10 000 people ) infections of skin and soft tissues stevens - johnson syndrome ( a type of severe skin and mucous membranes reaction that may be life threatening ) toxic epidermal necrolysis ( a type of severe skin reaction that may be life threatening ) autoimmune disorder that results in skin rashes and blistering on the legs , arms , and abdomen inflammation of the skin characterized by the presence of bullae which are filled with fluid skin fragility , blisters and erosions and skin scarring redness , pain and swelling mainly of the lower limbs inflammation of the skin and fat beneath the skin ( pseudocellulitis ) inflammation of the skin ( dermatitis ) skin to become inflamed , itchy , red , cracked , and rough 37 intensely itchy spots not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data form of diabetes primarily due to pathology of the kidney disorder of the kidneys involving the death of tubular epithelial cells that form the renal tubules you might have any of these symptoms and / or conditions . you must tell your doctor as soon as possible when you start experiencing any of these side effects . if you are concerned about any side effects , talk to your doctor . reporting side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in the leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : - severely elevated blood pressure : if you get headaches , especially sudden , stabbing , migraine - like headaches , confusion , speech disturbance , unsteady walking , fits or convulsions , tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure ( common in patients with chronic renal failure , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), even if your blood pressure is usually normal or low . it needs to be treated at once . - allergic reactions : allergic reactions such as skin rash , raised areas of the skin that itch and severe allergic reactions with weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing and swelling of the face have been reported ( not known , frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you think you are having this type of reaction , you must stop your eporatio injection and get medical help immediately . - serious skin rashes : serious skin rashes including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using eporatio if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . you may experience the following additional side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache ; - high blood pressure ; - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , feeling of weakness , tiredness ; - skin reactions , such as rash , itching or reactions around the injection site . common in patients with chronic renal failure ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood clot in the arterio - venous fistula in patients on dialysis . common in cancer patients ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - joint pain . not known in patients with chronic renal failure ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cases of a condition called pure red cell aplasia ( prca ) have been reported . prca means that the body has stopped or reduced the production of red blood cells which causes severe anaemia . if your doctor suspects or confirms that you have this condition , you must not be treated with eporatio or another epoetin . not known in cancer patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - thromboembolic events , e . g . increase in blood clots . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 4 months after the last amgevita injection . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following severe rash , hives or other signs of allergic reaction ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . the symptoms described above can be signs of the below listed side effects , which have been observed with adalimumab . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal pain ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; musculoskeletal pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious infections ( including blood poisoning and influenza ); intestinal infections ( including gastroenteritis ); skin infections ( including cellulitis and shingles ); ear infections ; oral infections ( including tooth infections and cold sores ); reproductive tract infections ; urinary tract infection ; fungal infections ; joint infections ; benign tumours ; skin cancer ; allergic reactions ( including seasonal allergy ); dehydration ; mood swings ( including depression ); anxiety ; difficulty sleeping ; sensation disorders such as tingling , prickling or numbness ; migraine ; nerve root compression ( including low back pain and leg pain ); vision disturbances ; eye inflammation ; inflammation of the eye lid and eye swelling ; vertigo ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; high blood pressure ; flushing ; haematoma ; cough ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; gastrointestinal bleeding ; dyspepsia ( indigestion , bloating , heart burn ); acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; inflammation of the skin ( such as eczema ); breaking of finger nails and toe nails ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; kidney problems ; 85 chest pain ; oedema ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) opportunistic infections ( which include tuberculosis and other infections that occur when resistance to disease is lowered ); neurological infections ( including viral meningitis ); eye infections ; bacterial infections ; diverticulitis ( inflammation and infection of the large intestine ); cancer ; cancer that affects the lymph system ; melanoma ; immune disorders that could affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( most commonly presenting as sarcoidosis ); vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ); tremor ; neuropathy ; stroke ; hearing loss , buzzing ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; heart problems that can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling ; heart attack ; a sac in the wall of a major artery , inflammation and clot of a vein , blockage of a blood vessel ; lung diseases causing shortness of breath ( including inflammation ); pulmonary embolism ( blockage in an artery of the lung ); pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the pleural space ); inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ; gallbladder inflammation , gallbladder stones ; fatty liver ; night sweats ; scar ; abnormal muscle breakdown ; systemic lupus erythematosus ( including inflammation of skin , heart , lung , joints and other organ systems ); sleep interruptions ; impotence ; inflammations . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ); severe allergic reaction with shock ; multiple sclerosis ; nerve disorders ( such as eye nerve inflammation and guillain - barré syndrome that may cause muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms and upper body ); heart stops pumping ; pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ); intestinal perforation ; hepatitis ; reactivation of hepatitis b ; autoimmune hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ); 86 cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ); stevens - johnson syndrome ( early symptoms include malaise , fever , headache and rash ); facial oedema associated with allergic reactions ; erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash ); lupus - like syndrome ; angioedema ( localised swelling of the skin ); lichenoid skin reaction ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ) hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ( a rare blood cancer that is often fatal ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ); liver failure ; worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ). some side effects observed with adalimumab may not have symptoms and may only be discovered through blood tests . these include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for red blood cells ; increased lipids in the blood ; elevated liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for sodium ; low blood measurements for calcium ; low blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; autoantibodies present in the blood ; low blood potassium . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) elevated bilirubin measurement ( liver blood test ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . infusion - related reactions tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any of the following signs of an infusion - related reaction during or in the 3 days after the infusion . you may need other medicines , or the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . these reactions include the following symptoms : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): chills sore throat , cough feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting itchy , runny or blocked nose feeling short of breath or other breathing problems . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): chest discomfort dizziness or lightheadedness ( hypotension ) itching wheezing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reaction which may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing or an itchy rash ( hives ). see section 2 . if you get any of the infusion - related reactions above , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fever feeling very tired diarrhoea constipation decreased appetite headache nerve damage that may cause tingling , numbness , or pain high blood pressure muscle spasms swollen hands , ankles or feet feeling weak back pain chills lung infection ( pneumonia ) bronchitis infections of the airways such as nose , sinuses or throat low number of red blood cells which carry oxygen in the blood ( anaemia ) low number of white blood cells which help fight infections ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low number of a type of blood cell called platelets which help to clot blood ( thrombocytopenia ) unusual feeling in the skin ( such as a tingling or crawling feeling ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) build up of fluid in the lungs making you short of breath flu urinary tract infection severe infection throughout the body ( sepsis ) dehydration high level of sugar in the blood low level of calcium in the blood inflamed pancreas type of herpes virus infection ( cytomegalovirus infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflamed liver ( hepatitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , panretin can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects are most likely to appear at the site where panretin was applied and typically begins as redness . with continued application of panretin redness and irritation may increase and swelling at the site of the application may develop . if your side effects become too uncomfortable , with intense redness and irritation , rash , swelling , or pain , you should ask your doctor for advice on adjusting the dosage of your treatment . most patients can continue to use panretin by altering the number of times a day it is applied . sometimes it is necessary to interrupt treatment , your doctor will inform you about this . the following side effects have been noted on the skin where panretin has been applied : very common ( can occur in more than 1 in 10 patients treated ): rash , scaling , irritation , redness cracking , scabbing , crusting , draining , oozing pain , burning , soreness itching common ( can occur in less than 1 in 10 but in more than 1 in 100 patients treated ): flaking , peeling , dry skin swelling , inflammation stinging , tingling bleeding skin discoloration skin ulcer 22 uncommon ( can occur in less than 1 in 100 but in more than 1 in 1000 patients treated ): infection allergic reaction swollen lymph glands pale skin if any of the side effects gets serious or if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with grepid is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with chest or abdominal pain , persistent low blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , ablavar can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have any of the following symptoms you should tell a doctor immediately : ablavar can be associated with allergy - like reactions ( anaphylactoid / hypersensitivity reactions ) characterised by :- skin reactions , ( cutaneous reactions ) breathing difficulties and / or heart / pulse - rate / blood pressure disturbances which may lead to consciousness disorders respiratory reactions , and / or cardiovascular manifestations which may lead to shock ). most of the side effects were mild to moderate in intensity . most of the side effects ( 80 %) occurred within 2 hours . delayed effects ( after hours to days ) may occur . below are listed the reported / experienced side effects by frequency ): very common : affects more than 1 user in 10 common : affects 1 to 10 users in 100 uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . the following is a list of side - effects observed in clinical trials : common : headache tingling or numbness of the hands or feet change of taste in mouth burning sensation warm feeling ( vasodilatation ) including flushing nausea itching feeling cold . uncommon : 24 runny nose sore throat feeling anxious confusion allergy - like reaction impairment of taste dizziness shaking decreased feeling or sensitivity ( especially of the skin ) sense of smell distortion involuntary muscle contractions abnormal vision tear secretion increased disturbed nerve signals in the heart ( first degree ) fast heart beat problems with the electrical rhythm of the heart ( long qt ) high blood pressure swelling and clotting in a vein coldness in the fingers and toes shortness of breath cough vomiting attempting to vomit diarrhoea stomach discomfort stomach pain pain in the throat indigestion dry mouth wind decreased feeling or sensitivity of the lips increased production of saliva anal itching hives reddening of the skin rash sweating increased muscle cramps muscle spasms neck pain pain in arms or legs genital itching genital burning sensation pain chest pain tiredness feeling abnormal groin pain feeling hot injection site pain injection site coldness reddening of skin at the injection site blood in the urine proteins in the urine sugar in the urine high sugar levels in the blood 25 low calcium levels in the blood unusual amount of salt in the body . rare : inflammation of the skin urinary tract infection abnormal dreams seeing , feeling or hearing things that is not there appetite decreased eyesight disorders abnormal eye sensation ear pain heartbeat irregularity / disturbed heart - chamber contractions ( cardiac flutter , atrial fibrillation ) problems with the electrical rhythm of the heart ( st segment / t wave abnormalities ) chest pain slow heart beat palpitations thickening of the arteries due to cholesterol deposits low blood pressure shallow breathing face swelling sweatiness muscle tightness sensation of heaviness urge to pass urine kidney pain passing urine frequently lower abdominal pain fever shivering weakness chest pressure sensation injection site blood clot injection site bruising injection site inflammation injection site burning fluid escaping from injection site into the surrounding tissue injection site bleeding injection site itching sensation of pressure phantom pain in the arms or legs low or high potassium levels in the blood high sodium levels in the blood . there have been reports of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis ( which causes hardening of the skin and may affect also soft tissue and internal organs ) associated with use of other gadolinium - containing contrast agents . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or radiologist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately during treatment : if you experience an allergic reaction including weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), skin rash , itchy rash ( urticaria ), swelling of the face lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) as this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ards ). if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your shoulder , as there may be a problem with your spleen [ enlargement of the spleen ( splenomegaly ) or rupture of the spleen ]. if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine ( haematuria ). your doctor may regularly test your urine if you experience this side effect or if protein is found in your urine ( proteinuria ). if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , or feeling very cold , high heart rate , confusion or disorientation , shortness of breath , extreme pain or discomfort and clammy or sweaty skin . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you experience kidney injury ( glomerulonephritis ). kidney injury has been seen in patients who received filgrastim . call your doctor right away if you experience puffiness in your face or ankles , blood in your urine or brown - coloured urine or you notice you urinate less than usual . a common side effect of filgrastim use is pain in your muscles or bones ( musculoskeletal pain ), which can be helped by taking standard pain relief medicines ( analgesics ). in patients undergoing a stem cell or bone marrow transplant , graft versus host disease ( gvhd ) may occur - this is a reaction of the donor cells against the patient receiving the transplant ; signs and symptoms include rash on the palms of your hands or soles of your feet and ulcer and sores in your mouth , gut , liver , skin , or your eyes , lungs , vagina and joints . very commonly seen in normal stem cell donors is increase in white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) and decrease of platelets which reduces the ability of blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ), these will be monitored by your doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease of platelets which reduces the ability of blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) headache diarrhoea vomiting nausea unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) 41 tiredness ( fatigue ) soreness and swelling of the digestive tract lining which runs from the mouth to the anus ( mucosal inflammation ) fever ( pyrexia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ) upper respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection decreased appetite trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness decreased feeling of sensitivity , especially in the skin ( hypoaesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) constipation oral pain enlargement of the liver ( hepatomegaly ) rash redness of the skin ( erythema ) muscle spasm pain when passing urine ( dysuria ) chest pain pain generalised weakness ( asthenia ) generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood changes in blood chemistry transfusion reaction uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increase in white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rejection of transplanted bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) liver damage caused by blocking of the small veins within the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) lungs do not function as they should , causing breathlessness ( respiratory failure ) swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) abnormal x - rays of the lungs ( lung infiltration ) bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) lack of absorption of oxygen in the lung ( hypoxia ) bumpy skin rash ( rash macuo - papular ) disease which causes bones to become less dense , making them weaker , more brittle and likely to break ( osteoporosis ) injection site reaction 42 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe pain in the bones , chest , gut or joints ( sickle cell anaemia with crisis ) sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) pain and swelling of the joints , similar to gout ( pseudogout ) a change in how your body regulates fluids within your body and may result in puffiness ( fluid volume disturbances ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , it is possible for this medicine to cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . get medical help immediately if you get any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ), with signs such as swelling of the face or skin , itchy rashes , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing the frequency of these side effects cannot be estimated from the available data . other possible side effects : the following side effect is uncommon ( this can affect up to 1 in every 100 patients ): itchy rash reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate in nature . if you experience any of the following side effects stop using the medicine and seek medical help immediately : - allergic reactions including rashes ( frequency uncommon ). - chest pain - do not use nitrates but seek immediate medical assistance ( frequency uncommon ). - priapism , a prolonged and possibly painful erection after taking tadalafil ( frequency rare ). if you have such an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 4 hours you should contact a doctor immediately . - sudden loss of vision ( frequency rare ). other side effects have been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , back pain , muscle aches , pain in arms and legs , facial flushing , nasal congestion and indigestion . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , stomach ache , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , presence of blood in urine , prolonged erection , pounding heartbeat sensation , a fast heart rate , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , seizures and passing memory loss , swelling of the eyelids , red eyes , sudden decrease or loss of hearing , hives ( itchy red welts on the surface of the skin ), penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and increased sweating . heart attack and stroke have also been reported rarely in men taking tadalafil . most of these men had known heart problems before taking this medicine . partial , temporary , or permanent decrease or loss of vision in one or both eyes has been rarely reported . some additional rare side effects have been reported in men taking tadalafil that were not seen in clinical trials . these include : - migraine , swelling of the face , serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat , serious skin rashes , some disorders affecting blood flow to the eyes , irregular heartbeats , angina and sudden cardiac death . the side effect dizziness has been reported more frequently in men over 75 years of age taking tadalafil . diarrhoea has been reported more frequently in men over the age of 65 taking tadalafil . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side affects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of sildenafil are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking sildenafil ratiopharm and seek medical help immediately : - an allergic reaction - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). symptoms include sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing or dizziness , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or throat . - chest pains - this occurs uncommonly . if this occurs during or after intercourse : get in a semi - sitting position and try to relax . do not use nitrates to treat your chest pain . - prolonged and sometimes painful erections - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you have an erection , which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely . - serious skin reactions - this occurs rarely . symptoms may include severe peeling and swelling of the skin , blistering of the mouth , genitals and around the eyes , fever . - seizures or fits - this occurs rarely . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , bleeding at the back of the eye , double vision , reduced sharpness of vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , swelling of the eye or eyelid , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing halos around lights , dilation of the pupil of the eye , discolouration of the white of the eye , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , dry nose , swelling of the inside of the nose , feeling irritable and sudden decrease or loss of hearing . from post - marketing experience cases of unstable angina ( a heart condition ) and sudden death have been reported rarely . of note , most , but not all , of the men who experienced these side effects had heart problems before taking this medicine . it is not possible to determine whether these events were directly related to sildenafil ratiopharm . reporting of side effects 34 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are hypersensitivity reactions or anaphylactic shock ( rare side effect ). if allergic or anaphylactic reactions occur , the injection / infusion should be stopped immediately . please consult your doctor immediately . for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . other possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): rash / itchy rash local reactions where you injected the medication ( e . g . burning sensation , temporary redness ) 43 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 users ): hypersensitivity reactions including severe sudden allergic reaction ( which may include hives , nausea , urticaria , angioedema , chills , flushing , headache , lethargy , wheezing or difficulty breathing , restlessness , tachycardia , tingling or anaphylactic shock , e . g . tightness of the chest / general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and nausea and mildly reduced blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing ) fever not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dysgeusia ( strange taste ) if you notice any of the following symptoms during injection / infusion : chest tightness / general feeling of being unwell dizziness mild hypotension ( mildly reduced blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing ) nausea this can constitute an early warning for hypersensitivity and anaphylactic reactions . if allergic or anaphylactic reactions occur , the injection / infusion should be stopped immediately . please consult your doctor immediately . hypersensitivity reactions during clinical studies , no patient developed clinically relevant antibody titres against the trace amounts of mouse protein and hamster protein present in the preparation . the possibility of allergic reactions to substances contained in this medication , e . g . trace amounts of mouse and hamster protein exists in certain predisposed patients . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any of the following side effects , talk to your doctor or go to hospital immediately : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - a severe infection - fever or chills - tiredness and / or looking pale common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - unexplained bruising ( accumulation of blood under the skin ) or bleeding - sore ( open skin infection ) on your skin uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - any yellowing of the whites of the eyes or skin ( jaundice ) rare : may affect up to 1 in 1000 people 33 - ulcers or wounds on your legs very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - inflammation of the skin causing red scaly patches and possibly occurring together with pain in the joints other side effects which are not mentioned above are listed below . speak to your doctor if you are concerned by any of these side effects . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - absence or low amount of sperm in the semen ( azoospermia or oligospermia ). common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - nausea - headache - dizziness - constipation - darkening of the skin , nails and mouth - dry skin - hair loss uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - itching red eruption of the skin ( rash ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - inflammation or ulceration of the mouth - elevated liver enzymes other side effects ( the frequency is unknown ) - isolated cases of malignant disease of blood cells ( leukaemia ) - skin cancers in elderly patients - viral infection with parvovirus b19 - stomach pain or heartburn - gastrointestinal ulcer - fever - absence of menstrual cycles ( amenorrhoea ) - weight gain - low vitamin d level in blood test - low magnesium level in blood test - bleeding reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects are considered to be : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - nausea ( feeling sick ), - headache ; - reactions at the implant site including pain , redness , itching , bruising and changes to colour of overlying skin . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - general changes to the skin including freckles and skin darkening ; - migraine ( a severe headache ); - back pain ; - abdominal ( tummy ) pain , - diarrhoea and vomiting , 24 - decreased appetite ; - fatigue ( tiredness ), - dizziness , drowsiness and weakness ; - hot flushes ; - upper respiratory tract infections ( colds ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infected hair follicle , fungal infection , urinary tract infection - chills , fever , flu , flu - like illness , blocked nose , blocked sinuses , inflamed nose and throat , nose inflammation - depression , inability to sleep , poor quality sleep , fainting , fainting sensation , fall , hangover , weakness , inability to get legs comfortable , increased sensitivity to touch , headache following injury , burning sensation , abnormal taste sensation - swollen eye lids , red eyes , dry eye , difficulty focusing on close objects , ringing in ears - palpitations , fast heart rate , bruising , high blood pressure , difficulty to make some sounds - inflamed lips , lip swelling , colouration on lip , gum pain , toothache , discoloured gums , reduced sense of touch in mouth , lip discolouration , tongue discolouration - increased hunger , nausea following implant insertion , indigestion , infection in stomach and intestines , inflamed stomach and intestines , heartburn , inflamed stomach , irregular bowel movements , wind , bloated tummy , tummy pain - irregularity of skin , rash with small blisters , itch , rash , red rash , red swelling on skin , rash with small bumps , itchy rash , skin irritation , lighter skin patches , acne , eczema , secretions on skin , skin peeling , skin with loss of colour , hair colour changes , excessive sweating - joint pain , muscle pain , pain in arms and legs , sudden muscle contraction , pain in muscles and bones , stiffness of muscles and bones , joint stiffness , groin pain , feeling of heaviness , swelling in lower limbs - heavy and prolonged period , abnormal period , breast tenderness , irregular periods , discharge from vagina , decreased sex drive - pain , swelling around site of implantation , bruising at injection site , irritation at injection site , enlargement at implant site , itching at implant site , implant falling out , change in colour of skin at implant site - decrease white blood cells , abnormal liver function tests , decreased iron binding , increased cholesterol , increased sugar level , decreased blood iron level , increased blood pressure , blood in urine - wound complication , open wound reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : - persistent muscle weakness or muscle pain - numbness , tingling , pain and / or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs if you experience any of these , call your doctor immediately . sebivo may also cause other side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache - cough - diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), stomach ( abdominal ) pain - skin rash - tiredness ( fatigue ) - blood test results show higher levels of some liver enzymes ( e . g . alt , ast ), amylase , lipase or creatine kinase uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - joint pain - persistent muscle weakness or muscle pain ( myopathy / myositis ), muscle cramp - back , neck and flank pain - numbness , tingling , pain and / or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs or around the mouth - pain in lower back or hip that may radiate into the leg ( sciatica ) - taste disturbance - feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - excess of lactic acid in the blood ( lactic acidosis ) - muscle breakdown ( rhabdomyolysis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms such as breast tenderness and abdominal ( stomach ) pain , throwing up ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) are also possible signs of pregnancy . if you miss your period and experience such symptoms after taking ellaone , you should do a pregnancy test ( see section 2 " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , abdominal ( stomach ) pain or discomfort , vomiting - painful periods , pelvic pain , breast tenderness - headache , dizziness , mood swings 42 - muscle pain , back pain , tiredness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea , heartburn , wind , dry mouth - unusual or irregular vaginal bleeding , heavy / prolonged periods premenstrual syndrome , vaginal irritation or discharge , lesser or greater sex drive - hot flushes - appetite changes , emotional disorders , anxiety , agitation , trouble sleeping , sleepiness , migraine visual disturbances - influenza - acne , skin lesions , itching - fever , chills , malaise rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - genital pain or itching , pain during sex , rupture of an ovarian cyst , unusually light period - loss of concentration , vertigo , shaking , disorientation , fainting - unusual sensation in eye , red eye , sensitivity to light - dry throat , disturbance in taste - hives ( itchy rash ), feeling thirsty reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your pharmacist , doctor or other healthcare professional . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop using zimbus breezhaler and get medical help immediately if you have any of the following : common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - sore throat - runny nose - sudden difficulty breathing and feeling of tightness in chest with wheezing or coughing common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people - oral thrush ( sign of candidiasis ). after you have finished taking your dose , rinse your mouth with water or a mouthwash solution and then spit this out . this will help to prevent thrush . - a frequent urge to urinate and pain or burning when urinating ( signs of urinary tract infection ) - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea , abdominal cramps , nausea , and vomiting ( gastroenteritis ) - pain in muscles , bones or joints ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) - muscle spasm - fever 47 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in every 100 people - dry mouth - rash - high level of sugar in the blood - skin itching - difficulty and pain when passing urine ( signs of dysuria ) - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have a seizure , stop taking fampridine accord and tell your doctor immediately . if you experience one or more of the following allergic ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms : swollen face , mouth , lips , throat or tongue , reddening or itching of the skin , chest tightness and breathing problems stop taking fampridine accord and see your doctor immediately . side effects are listed below by frequency : very common side effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people : urinary tract infection common side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people : feeling unsteady dizziness spinning sensation ( vertigo ) 24 headache feeling weak and tired difficulty sleeping anxiety minor shaking ( tremor ) numbness or tingling of skin sore throat common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) flu ( influenza ) difficulty breathing ( shortness of breath ) feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) constipation upset stomach back pain heartbeat that you can feel ( palpitations ) uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people fits ( seizure ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) worsening of nerve pain in the face ( trigeminal neuralgia ) fast heart rate ( tachycardia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a nurse or a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick , heartburn and discomfort in swallowing ( inflammation of your gullet / food pipe ) uncommon ( may affect less than 1 in 100 people ): severe stomach pain . this could be a sign of an ulcer of the first section of the bowel ( duodenum ) that is bleeding , or that your stomach is inflamed ( gastritis ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) persistent eye pain and inflammation new pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the thigh bone . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain or sore in your mouth or jaw . you may have early signs of severe jaw problems ( necrosis ( dead bone tissue ) in the jaw bone ). itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . severe adverse skin reactions talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma attack other possible side effects 26 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): tummy pain , indigestion , low calcium levels in your blood weakness uncommon ( may affect less than 1 in 100 people ): chest pain itching or tingling skin ( paraesthesia ) flu - like symptoms , feeling generally unwell or in pain dry mouth , strange taste in your mouth or difficulty swallowing anaemia ( bloodlessness ) high levels of urea or high levels of parathyroid hormone in your blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should be aware of the early signs of allergic reactions . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur ( very rare , up to 1 in 10 , 000 ), the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , - swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness . these symptoms can be early symptoms of an anaphylactic shock . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . severe symptoms require prompt emergency treatment . uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), headache , injection site inflammation , injection site pain , back pain , vertigo , dry mouth , dizziness , a vague feeling of bodily discomfort , shortness of breath . common side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people hypersensitivity , fever . very common side effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people factor viii inhibitors in previously untreated patients . for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens you or your child ´ s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . side effects related to central venous access devices ( cvad ): catheter - related infection , general ( systemic ) infection and local blood clot at the catheter site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you and your doctor need to look out for : allergic reactions this is a common side effect that may affect up to one in 10 people . you may notice a rash or itching and swelling ( usually of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling ( oedema ), especially of the ankles and feet this is a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 10 people heart failure this is due to the heart not pumping out enough blood , causing shortness of breath , extreme tiredness and swelling in the ankles and legs . this is a common side effect that may affect up to one in 10 people anaemia ( reduced number of red blood cells ) this is a blood disorder which can cause tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , and generally feeling unwell . sometimes this requires a blood transfusion . this is a very common side effect that may affect more than one in 10 people hypotension ( low blood pressure ) this can cause light - headedness . this is a common side effect that may affect up to one in 10 people → tell your doctor straight away if you get these effects or if they happen suddenly after taking volibris . it is important to have regular blood tests , to check for anaemia and that your liver is working properly . make sure that you have also read the information in section 2 under ' you will need regular blood tests ' and ' signs that your liver may not be working properly '. other side effects include very common side effects : headache dizziness palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) worsening shortness of breath shortly after starting volibris a runny or blocked nose , congestion or pain in the sinuses feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea feeling tired in combination with tadalafil ( another pah medicine ) in addition to the above : flushing ( redness of the skin ) being sick ( vomiting ) chest pain / discomfort . common side effects : blurry or other changes to vision fainting abnormal blood test results for liver function a runny nose constipation pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) chest pain or discomfort flushing ( redness of the skin ) being sick ( vomiting ) feeling weak nose bleed rash in combination with tadalafil in addition to the above , except abnormal blood test results for liver function : ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) only when taking the combination treatment . uncommon side effects : liver injury inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own defences ( autoimmune hepatitis ) in combination with tadalafil sudden hearing loss . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects seen in the mother are generally of a mild severity . there are no known side effects on the unborn or new - born baby . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 30 very common ( affects more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( affects less than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling dizzy - hot flushes - being sick ( vomiting ) - fast heartbeat - low blood pressure . signs may include feeling dizzy or light - headed . - a reaction at the site where the injection was given - high blood sugar uncommon ( affects less than 1 in 100 people ) - high temperature ( fever ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - itching - rash rare ( affects less than 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - your womb may be less able to contract after your baby has been born . this may cause bleeding . - allergic reactions you may experience shortness of breath or lung oedema ( accumulation of fluid in the lungs ), particularly if you are pregnant with more than one baby and / or are given medicines that can delay the birth of your baby , such as medicines used for high blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , midwife or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following serious symptoms , stop taking halaven and seek medical attention straightaway : - fever , with a racing heart beat , rapid shallow breathing , cold , pale , clammy or mottled skin and / or confusion . these may be signs of a condition called sepsis a severe and serious reaction to an infection . sepsis is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) and can be life - threatening and may result in death . - any difficulty breathing , or swelling of your face , mouth , tongue or throat . these could be signs of an uncommon allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - serious skin rashes with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals . these may be signs of a condition called stevens johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis . the frequency of this condition is not known but it can be life - threatening . other side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : - decrease in the number of white blood cells or red blood cells - tiredness or weakness - nausea , vomiting , constipation , diarrhoea - numbness , tingling or prickling sensations - fever - loss of appetite , weight loss - difficulty breathing , cough - pain in the joints , muscles and back - headache - hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : - decrease in the number of platelets ( which may result in bruising or taking longer to stop bleeding ) - infection with fever , pneumonia , chills - fast heart rate , flushing - vertigo , dizziness - increased production of tears , conjunctivitis ( redness and soreness of the surface of the eye ), nosebleed - dehydration , dry mouth , cold sores , oral thrush , indigestion , heartburn , abdominal pain or swelling - swelling of soft tissues , pains ( in particular chest , back and bone pain ), muscle spasm or weakness - mouth , respiratory and urinary tract infections , painful urination - sore throat , sore or runny nose , flu - like symptoms , throat pain - liver function test abnormalities , altered level of sugar , bilirubin , phosphates , potassium , magnesium or calcium in the blood - inability to sleep , depression , changed sense of taste - rash , itching , nail problems , dry or red skin - excessive sweating ( including night sweats ) - ringing in the ears - blood clots in the lungs - shingles - swelling of the skin and numbness of the hands and feet uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : - blood clots - abnormal liver function tests ( hepatoxicity ) - kidney failure , blood or protein in the urine - widespread inflammation of the lungs which may lead to scarring - inflammation of the pancreas - mouth ulcers rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) are : - a serious disorder of blood clotting resulting in the widespread formation of blood clots and internal bleeding . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you have a sign of infection such as a fever or sore throat . you have any unexpected bruising or bleeding . you have a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , angioeodema ). you have black or bloody stool or if you vomit blood or dark particles that look like coffee grounds . these may be signs of bleeding in the stomach or intestines . the frequency of certain side effects is dependent on the transplanted organ , i . e . some side effects can occur more or less often depending on whether this medicinal product is being taken to prevent your body from rejecting a transplanted heart or a transplanted kidney . for the sake of clarity each side effect is always listed under its highest frequency . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial , viral and / or fungal infections serious infection which may affect the whole body decrease in the number of white blood cells , platelets or red blood cells , which can result in increased risk of infections , bruising , bleeding , breathlessness and weakness bleeding underneath the skin increase in the number of white blood cells too much acid in the body high level of cholesterol and / or lipids in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of potassium in the blood , low level of potassium , magnesium , calcium and / or phosphate in the blood high level of uric acid in the blood , gout feeling restless , abnormalities of thought , perception and levels of awareness , depression , feeling anxious , difficulty in sleeping increased tension of the muscles , shaking , sleepiness , feeling dizzy , headache , tingling , pricking or numbness 58 faster heart beat low / high blood pressure , widening of blood vessels accumulation of fluid in the lung , shortness of breath , cough bloated belly vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick constipation , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ) decreased appetite changes in different laboratory parameters inflammation of the liver , yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes growth of the skin , rash , acne muscle weakness joint pain kidney problems blood in the urine fever , feeling of coldness , pain , feeling weak and feeble fluid retention in the body part of an internal organ or tissue bulging through a weak spot in the abdominal muscles muscle pain , neck and back pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin cancer , non - cancerous growth of the skin abnormal and excessive growth of tissue decrease in the number of all blood cells benign enlargement of the lymph nodes , inflammatory changes of the skin ( pseudolymphoma ) decreased weight abnormal thinking fit distortion of the sense of taste blood clot that forms within a vein inflammation of the tissue that lines the inner wall of the abdomen and covers most of the abdominal organs bowel blockage inflammation of the colon which causes abdominal pain or diarrhoea ( sometimes caused by cytomegalovirus ), ulcer of the mouth and / or stomach and / or duodenum , inflammation of the stomach , oesophagus and / or mouth and lips belching hair loss feeling unwell overgrowth of the gum tissue inflammation of the pancreas , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) protozoal infections proliferation of the lymphatic tissue , including malignant tumours insufficient production of red blood cells serious diseases of the bone marrow accumulation of lymphatic fluid within the body shortness of breath , cough , which can be due to bronchiectasis ( a condition in which the lung airways are abnormally dilated ) or pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ). talk to your doctor if you develop a persistent cough or breathlessness . decrease in the amount of antibodies in the blood severe reduction in the number of certain white blood cells ( possible symptoms are fever , sore throat , frequent infections ) ( agranulocytosis ) 59 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) alterations of the inner wall of the small intestine ( intestinal villous atrophy ) serious inflammation of the membrane that covers the brain and spinal cord serious inflammation of the heart and its valves bacterial infections usually resulting in a serious lung disorder ( tuberculosis , atypical mycobacterial infection ) serious disease of the kidney ( bk virus associated nephropathy ) serious disease of the central nervous system ( jc virus associated progressive multifocal leucoencephalopathy ) decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( neutropenia ) change of the shape of certain white blood cells do not stop taking your medicine unless you have discussed this with your doctor first . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar falls too low , you may pass out ( become unconscious ). serious low blood sugar may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , see the box at the end of this leaflet . severe allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). the signs may include rash and itching all over the body , swelling of skin or mouth , shortness of breath , feeling faint ( a fall in blood pressure ) with fast heart beat and sweating . severe allergic reactions may become life - threatening . tell a doctor straight away if you notice signs of a severe allergic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : skin changes at the injection site : if you inject insulin too often at the same place , the skin may either shrink ( lipoatrophy ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). lumps under the skin may also be caused by build - up of a protein called amyloid ( cutaneous amyloidosis ; how often this occurs is not known ). the insulin may not work very well if you inject into a lumpy area . change the injection site with each injection to help prevent these skin changes . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people skin and allergic reactions at the injection site : the signs may include reddening , unusually intense pain when injecting , itching , hives , swelling or inflammation . this can spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually disappear in a few days to a few weeks . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people eye reactions : a big change in your blood sugar control ( getting better or worse ) can disturb your vision . if you have an eye disorder related to diabetes called " proliferative retinopathy ", very low blood sugar attack may cause temporary loss of vision . swelling in the calves and ankles , caused by temporary build - up of water in the body . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people changes in taste ( dysgeusia ). muscular pain ( myalgia ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention : stop taking qtern and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - symptoms of a serious allergic reaction seen rarely , ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), which may include : - rash - raised red patches on your skin ( hives ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - pancreatitis , seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas . - dehydration , ( loss of too much fluid from your body ), seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). these are signs of dehydration : - very dry or sticky mouth , feeling very thirsty - feeling very sleepy or tired - passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heart beat . - urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see blood in your urine , tell your doctor immediately . - low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if used with other diabetes medicines known to cause hypoglycaemia . these are the signs of low blood sugar : - shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat - feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . - diabetic ketoacidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight loss - feeling sick or being sick - stomach pain - excessive thirst - fast and deep breathing - confusion - unusual sleepiness or tiredness - a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with qtern . - necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). stop taking qtern and see a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the serious side effects above . other side effects when taking qtern alone or in combination with metformin : common - genital infection ( thrush ) of your penis or vagina ( signs may include irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) - back pain 39 - passing more water ( urine ) than usual or needing to pass water more often - changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) - increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) - decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in tests ) - dizziness - tiredness - stomach ache - severe joint pain ( arthralgia ) - infection of the upper chest or lungs - infection of the sinuses with a feeling of pain and fullness behind your cheeks and eyes ( sinusitis ) - inflamed nose or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) ( signs of this may include a cold or a sore throat ) - stomach ache and indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - nausea - diarrhoea - inflamed stomach or gut usually caused by an infection ( gastroenteritis ) - headache , muscle pain ( myalgia ) - vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - changes in laboratory tests ( for example creatinine renal clearance decreased or haematocrit increased ). - rash uncommon - thirst - constipation - awakening from sleep at night to pass urine - dry mouth - weight decreased - increases in creatinine or urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) - decrease in kidney function - skin rash that may include raised bumps , skin irritation , or unpleasant itchiness - difficulties in getting or maintaining an erection ( erectile dysfunction ). - fungal infection - hypersensitivity reactions - itching in the genital area ( pruritus genital or vulvovaginal pruritus ) or discomfort while urinating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel acino is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes intaste of food . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . many of the side effects listed below may also be caused by influenza . the following serious side effects have been rarely reported since oseltamivir has been marketed : ∑ anaphylactic and anaphylactoid reactions : severe allergic reactions , with face and skin swelling , itchy rashes , low blood pressure and breathing difficulties ∑ hepatic disorders ( fulminant hepatitis , hepatic function disorder and jaundice ): yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes , change in stool color , changes in behaviour ∑ angioneurotic oedema : sudden onset of severe swelling of the skin mainly around the head and neck area , including eyes and tongue , with difficulties breathing ∑ stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : complicated , possibly life - threatening allergic reaction , severe inflammation of the outer and possibly inner skin , initially with fever , sore throat , and fatigue , skin rashes , leading to blisters , peeling , shedding of larger areas of skin , possible breathing difficulties and low blood pressure ∑ gastrointestinal bleeding : prolonged bleeding from the large bowel or spitting up blood ∑ neuropsychiatric disorders , as described below . if you notice any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . the most frequently ( very common and common ) reported side effects of tamiflu are feeling or being sick ( nausea , vomiting ), stomach ache , stomach upset , headache and pain . these side effects mostly occur after the first dose of the medicine and will usually stop as treatment continues . the frequency of these effects is reduced if the medicinal product is taken with food . rare but serious effects : get medical help at once ( these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) during tamiflu treatment , rare events have been reported that include ∑ convulsions and delirium , including altered level of consciousness ∑ confusion , abnormal behaviour ∑ delusions , hallucinations , agitation , anxiety , nightmares 70 these are reported primarily among children and adolescents and often started suddenly and resolved rapidly . a few cases resulted in self - injury , some with fatal outcome . such neuropsychiatric events have also been reported in patients with influenza who were not taking tamiflu . ∑ patients , especially children and adolescents , should be closely monitored for the behavioural changes described above . if you notice any of these symptoms , especially in younger people , get medical help immediately . adults and adolescents 13 and over very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) ∑ headache ∑ nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ bronchitis ∑ cold sore virus ∑ cough ∑ dizziness ∑ fever ∑ pain ∑ pain in limb ∑ runny nose ∑ sleeping difficulties ∑ sore throat ∑ stomach ache ∑ tiredness ∑ upper abdominal fullness ∑ upper respiratory tract infections ( inflammation of the nose , throat and sinuses ) ∑ upset stomach ∑ vomiting . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ∑ allergic reactions ∑ altered level of consciousness ∑ convulsion ∑ heart rhythm abnormalities ∑ mild to severe liver function disorders ∑ skin reactions ( inflammation of the skin , red and itchy rash , scaling skin ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) ∑ thrombocytopenia ( low platelet count ) ∑ visual disturbances . children 1 to 12 years very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) ∑ cough ∑ nasal congestion ∑ vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ conjunctivitis ( red eyes and discharge or pain in the eye ) ∑ ear inflammation and other ear disorders ∑ headache ∑ nausea ∑ runny nose ∑ stomach ache ∑ upper abdominal fullness ∑ upset stomach . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ∑ inflammation of the skin ∑ tympanic membrane ( eardrum ) disorder . infants less than 1 year the reported side effects in infants 0 to 12 months old are mostly similar to the side effects reported for older children ( 1 year old or older ). additionally , diarrhoea and diaper rash have been reported .. if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , tell your doctor or pharmacist . however , ∑ if you or your child are repeatedly sick , or ∑ if the influenza symptoms get worse or the fever continues tell your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects of pelzont are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flushing ( which usually includes redness of the skin , feeling warm , itching , or tingling , particularly in the head , neck , chest and upper back ). if flushing occurs , symptoms are generally most noticeable at first and usually lessen over time . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache tingling or numbness of the hands or feet abdominal pain diarrhoea upset stomach or heartburn nausea ( feeling sick ) getting sick ( vomiting ) pruritus ( itching ) rash hives uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) gout 34 sleeplessness dizziness palpitation ( feeling your heartbeat ) low blood pressure shortness of breath dry skin rash with flat , red spots muscle pain or tenderness chills pain swelling of the fingers , toes or ankles in addition , one or more of the following symptoms have been reported as part of an allergic reaction to pelzont . swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may require treatment right away ) fainting shortness of breath loss of control over urine and stool cold sweats shivering chills increased blood pressure swelling of the lips burning sensation whole body rash joint pain swelling of the legs rapid heart rate . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) runny nose decreased glucose ( sugar ) tolerance anxiety migraine fainting rapid or irregular heartbeat dizziness upon standing belching stomach ulcer skin disorder with dark velvety plaques called acanthosis nigricans patches of darkened skin sweating muscle weakness weakness generalised swelling not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data additionally , the following were reported during post - marketing experience with pelzont and / or other nicotinic acid products ( alone and / or with certain other cholesterol - lowering medicines ). a sudden serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). symptoms included fainting , shortness of breath , wheezing or trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , itching or hives on the skin . this condition requires immediate medical attention . eye disorders called toxic amblyopia and cystoid macular oedema which may lead to blurred , decreased , or lost vision yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) blistering rash . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you are being treated with chemotherapy that is moderately or highly capable of making you feel sick , you may still be sick despite treatment with anti - sickness medicine , including this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop constipation or if your stomach becomes painful or swollen . constipation is a common side effect and may affect up to 1 in 10 people . remove the transdermal patch and tell your doctor if you notice a serious skin reaction ( if your skin is very red , itchy or you notice any blisters ). skin reactions at the site of application , such as irritation , itching or redness are uncommon and may affect up to 1 in 100 people . other possible side effects : uncommon side effects are : - headache , a feeling of " spinning " even when you are standing still ( vertigo ) - decreased appetite , weight loss - flushing ( or redness ) - feeling sick ( nausea ), retching , dry mouth - pain in your joints - swelling due to water retention ( oedema ) - changes in liver function tests ( if you are having blood tests , tell the doctor or nurse that you have been given sancuso ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : - abnormal muscle movements ( such as shaking , muscle rigidity and muscle contractions ). side effects with a frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ): - allergic skin reactions . the signs may include red , raised itchy bumps other possible side effects associated with granisetron products ( frequency not known ): - allergic reactions including urticaria ( itchy , red , raised skin rash ) and anaphalaxis ( a serious allergic reaction which may include sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ) - difficulty sleeping / disturbed sleep - excessive sleepiness - prolonged qt interval in the ecg ( changes to the heart rate trace ( ecg ) indicating a heart rhythm disorder ) - constipation - diarrhoea - lack of energy / weakness / loss of strength reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone krka in combination with insulin . symptoms are unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of 65 , seek medical advice straight away . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone krka . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly in patients taking pioglitazone krka in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in women patients taking pioglitazone krka . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye ( frequency not known ) has also been reported in patients taking pioglitazone krka . if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported ( frequency not known ) in patients taking pioglitazone krka . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking pioglitazone krka are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - weight gain - numbness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes - allergic reactions the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when pioglitazone krka is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - impotence - back pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in red blood cell count - flatulence uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in enzymes - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - sweating - tiredness - increased appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects during your treatment with besremi : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - changes in your heart beat ( when the heart beats very fast and uneven ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - attempted suicide , thoughts about killing yourself - loss of vision which may be caused by bleeding in the retina ( the retina is the light - sensitive layer in the eye ), or by build - up of fat in or under the retina rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - loss of vision which may be caused by damage to the retina ( such as obstruction of the blood vessels in the eye ) or the optic nerve very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - blindness - breathing problems including shortness of breath , cough and chest pain which may be caused by lung infiltration , pneumonia ( lung infection ), pulmonary arterial hypertension ( high blood pressure in the blood vessels bringing blood from the heart to the lungs ) and pulmonary fibrosis ( a lung disease where scars are formed in the lung tissue ) side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - detachment of the retina ( you may experience eye problems including changes in vision ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( called leucocytes ) and in blood clotting cells ( called platelets ) - joint or muscle pain - flu - like symptoms , feeling tired - in blood tests : increase of an enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection of the respiratory tract , runny or stuffy nose , fungal infections - decrease in the number or size of red blood cells - increase or decrease in the thyroid gland activity , increase of thyroid stimulating hormone , inflammation of the thyroid gland - increase of triglycerides ( a type of lipid ) in the blood , decreased appetite - aggressive behaviour , feeling depressed , feeling anxious , problems with falling asleep or staying asleep , mood changes , lacking bodily energy or motivation - headache , feeling dizzy , reduced sense of touch or sensation , feeling sleepy , sensation of tingling and ' pins and needles ' - dry eyes - damage of the capillaries ( very small blood vessels ) in the body - breathing problems 32 - diarrhoea , nausea , abdominal pain or stomach discomfort , constipation , dry mouth - liver disorder , increase in certain liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - itching , hair loss , rash , redness of skin , psoriasis , dry and scaly skin , acne , thickening of the outer layer of the skin , increased sweating - a disorder called sjogren ' s syndrome where the body ' s immune system attacks glands that produce fluid ( such as the tear and saliva glands ), arthritis , pain in arms and legs , bone pain , painful sudden tightening of a muscle - fever , weakness , chills , general health problems , irritation or redness at the site of injection - in blood tests : antibodies which are produced by the body ´ s immune system , increase of an enzyme called lactate dehydrogenase uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infection and re - infection with herpes , bacterial infections - increase in the number of platelets - autoimmune disorder of the thyroid gland , sarcoidosis ( areas of inflamed tissue in different parts of the body ) - diabetes - panic attack , hallucination ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ), feeling stressed , feeling nervous , lack of interest in activities , nightmare , irritability , confusion - damage to the nervous system , migraine , mental disorder ( health condition involving changes in thinking , emotion or behaviour ), visual or sensory disturbances , shaky hands - eye discomfort , eyelid eczema - hearing loss , ringing in ears ( tinnitus ), spinning feeling ( vertigo ) - heart disorders such as heart block ( a disorder in the heart ´ s electrical activity ), blood clots in the blood vessels of the heart , leakage of the aortic valve - high blood pressure , reduced blood supply to certain parts of the body , haematoma ( collection of blood under the skin ), flushing - inflammation of lung tissue , coughing , nosebleed , sore throat - inflammation of the stomach , abdominal wall disorder , intestinal gas , indigestion , painful swallowing , bleeding gums - inflammation of the liver , damage to the liver , enlarged liver - sensitivity to sunlight , peeling of the skin , nail disorder - muscle weakness , neck pain , groin pain - inflammation of the bladder , painful urination , increased need to urinate , inability to urinate - sexual problems - pain or itching at the site of injection , sensitivity to weather change - loss of weight - in blood tests : increase of uric acid , antibodies produced by the body ´ s immune system against red blood cells rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - bipolar disorders ( mood disorders with episodes of sadness and excitement ), mania ( extreme excitement or unreasonable enthusiasm ) - cardiomyopathy ( diseases that affect the heart muscle ), angina pectoris ( a severe chest pain as a result of blockage of the heart vessels ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - idiopathic or thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ( increased bruising , bleeding , decreased platelets , anaemia and extreme weakness ) - myocardial ischemia ( reduced blood flow to your heart muscle ) side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - vogt - koyanagi - harada disease ( a rare disease that can lead to loss of vision , hearing and skin pigmentation ), severe allergic reaction - discolouration of the skin 33 - periodontal ( affecting gums ) and dental disorders , change in colour of the tongue reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . synagis may cause serious side effects including : severe allergic reactions , such reactions may be life - threatening or fatal ( see " your child should not be given synagis " for a list of signs and symptoms ). unusual bruising or groups of tiny red spots on the skin . call your doctor or get medical help right away if your child has any of the serious side effects listed above after receiving any dose of synagis . additional side effects very common ( affects at least 1 user in 10 ): rash fever common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): pain , redness or swelling at the injection site a pause in breathing or other breathing difficulties 49 uncommon ( affects less than 1 user in 100 ): fits hives reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine may have side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . nausea and headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain at the site of injection . general aches and pains in the joints and muscles . some changes may occur in your blood , but these will be detected by routine blood tests . your white blood cell count may become high for a short period of time . your platelet count may become low which might result in bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic - type reactions , including redness and flushing , skin rash , and raised areas of the skin that itch . serious allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ). increased spleen size . spleen rupture . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor . sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever ) has occurred but other factors may play a role . cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). damage to the tiny filters inside your kidneys ( glomerulonephritis ). redness at the site of injection . coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 ) inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using grasustek if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any side effects . side effects more likely at the start of treatment you may feel sick ( nausea ) and vomit at the start of treatment . these effects are usually mild or moderate and only last for a short time . talk to your doctor if they last for a long time or if you are worried about them . skin problems caused by the patch you may get redness and itching on the skin where the patch has been these reactions are usually mild or moderate . the reactions normally go away after a few hours once you remove the patch . talk to your doctor if you have a skin reaction that lasts longer than a few days or is severe . also do this if it spreads outside the area of skin that was covered by the patch . avoid sunlight and solarium exposure on areas of skin showing any kind of skin reaction caused by the patch . to help avoid the skin reactions , you should put the patch on a different area of skin every day , and only use the same area again after 14 days . loss of consciousness can occur leganto can cause loss of consciousness . this can happen especially when you start using leganto or when your dose is increased . tell your doctor if you lose consciousness or feel dizzy . changes in behaviour and abnormal thinking tell your doctor if you get any changes in behaviour , thinking or both , that are listed below . they will discuss ways of managing or reducing symptoms . you may find it helpful to also tell a member of your family or carer that you are using this medicine and ask them to read this leaflet . this is so that your family or carer can tell you , or your doctor , if they are worried about any changes in your behaviour . leganto can cause unusual urges or cravings which you cannot resist such as the impulse , drive or temptation to do things that could harm yourself or others . these may include : strong impulse to gamble too much even if this seriously affects you or your family altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour which causes significant concern to you or others for example , an increased sex drive uncontrolled shopping or spending too much binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short period of time ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ). leganto may cause other behaviours and abnormal thinking . these may include : abnormal thoughts about reality delusions and hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not real ) confusion disorientation aggressive behaviour 132 agitation delirium . tell your doctor if you notice any changes in behaviour , thinking or both that are listed above . they will discuss ways of managing or reducing symptoms . allergic reactions contact your doctor if you notice signs of an allergic reaction these can include swelling of the face , tongue or lips . side effects when using leganto for restless legs syndrome tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling weak ( fatigue ) skin irritations under the patch such as redness and itching common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people itching feeling irritable allergic reaction increased sex drive high blood pressure vomiting , heartburn swelling of legs and feet feeling sleepy , falling asleep suddenly without warning , difficulty in sleeping , sleep problems , having unusual dreams unable to resist the impulse to perform an action that is harmful involving excessive gambling , repetitive meaningless actions , uncontrolled shopping or spending too much binge eating ( eating large amount of food in a short period of time ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than needed to satisfy hunger ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people feeling agitated feeling dizzy when standing up because of a fall in blood pressure rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people being aggressive disorientation not known : it is not known how often these happen craving large doses of medicines like leganto more than needed for the illness . this is known as ' dopamine dysregulation syndrome ' and can lead to use of too much leganto seeing or hearing things that are not real ( hallucinations ) nightmares paranoia confusion psychotic disorders delusion delirium feeling dizzy loss of consciousness , involuntary movements ( dyskinesia ) involuntary muscle spasms ( convulsion ) 133 blurry vision visual disturbances such as seeing colours or lights vertigo ( sensation of whirling motion ) feeling of heartbeat ( palpitation ) abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure hiccups constipation , dry mouth stomach discomfort and pain diarrhoea redness , increased sweating generalised itching , skin irritation generalised rash unable to achieve or maintain an erection weight loss , weight increase increased or abnormal liver function test results increased heart rate increased levels of creatine phosphokinase ( cpk ) ( cpk is an enzyme found mainly in skeletal muscles ) falling rhabdomyolysis ( a rare severe muscle disorder which causes pain , tenderness and weakness of the muscles and may lead to kidney problems ) talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have a seizure , stop taking fampyra and tell your doctor immediately . if you experience one or more of the following allergic ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms : swollen face , mouth , lips , throat or tongue , reddening or itching of the skin , chest tightness and breathing problems stop taking fampyra and see your doctor immediately . side effects are listed below by frequency : very common side effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people : urinary tract infection 28 common side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people : feeling unsteady dizziness spinning sensation ( vertigo ) headache feeling weak and tired difficulty sleeping anxiety minor shaking ( tremor ) numbness or tingling of skin sore throat common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) flu ( influenza ) difficulty breathing ( shortness of breath ) feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) constipation upset stomach back pain heartbeat that you can feel ( palpitations ) uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people fits ( seizure ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) worsening of nerve pain in the face ( trigeminal neuralgia ) fast heart rate ( tachycardia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects kidney problems if you notice any of the following side effects , stop taking duzallo and see a doctor immediately as these may be signs of a problem with your kidneys you may need urgent medical treatment . the signs may include : uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people - pain in your side ( below your ribs and above your hipbone ), - feeling sick ( nausea ), - being sick ( vomiting ), - changes in urination or difficulty urinating , - feeling tired or unwell or loss of appetite . hypersensitivity if you have a hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reaction , stop taking duzallo and see a doctor immediately . the signs may include : uncommon - may affect less than 1 in 100 people - flaking skin , boils or sore lips and mouth - very rarely signs may include sudden wheeziness , fluttering or tightness in the chest and collapse . - fever , skin rash , joint pain , and abnormalities in blood and liver function tests ( these may be signs of a multi - organ sensitivity disorder ) rare may affect up to 1 in 1000 people - potentially life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) appearing initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . additional signs to look for include : o ulcers of the mouth , throat , nose , genitals , conjunctivitis ( red and swollen eyes ) o widespread blisters or peeling of the skin o flu - like symptoms very rare - may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - swelling of the lips , tongue , face , throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing or red - raised itchy skin / hives ( angioedema ) - duzallo may affect your blood , which can cause bruising more easily than usual , or you may get a sore throat or other signs of an infection . these effects usually occur in people with liver or kidney problems ( agranulocytosis ). other side effects common may affect up to 1 in 10 people - increased level of thyroid stimulating hormone in the blood , - flu , - headache , - blood tests showing increased creatinine ( which may be a sign of kidney problems ), - heartburn ( acid reflux ), - skin rash . uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people - kidney stones , - kidney stop working properly , - skin reactions , including redness , itchy skin , lumpy rash ( hives ) and skin rash on exposure to sunshine , - dehydration ( loss of too much fluid from your body ), - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), - diarrhoea , - abnormal liver tests . rare may affect up to 1 in 1000 people - disorder of the liver ( hepatitis ). very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - chest pain , slow heartbeat , high blood pressure or a slow pulse , - vomiting blood ( recurrent hematemesis ), presence of excess fat in the stool ( steatorrhea ), - inflammation of the mucous membranes of the mouth ( stomatitis ), changed stool frequency ( changed bowel motions ), - hair loss or discoloration , - abnormal glucose metabolism ( diabetes ; your doctor may wish to measure the level of sugar in your blood to check if this is happening ), - high levels of cholesterol in your blood ( hyperlipidaemia ), - depression , - coma , - weakness , numbness , unsteadiness on your feet , unable to move muscles ( paralysis ) or loss of consciousness , - not able to control muscle movements ( ataxia ), - sensation of tingling , tickling , pricking or burning of skin ( paraesthesia ), - headache , dizziness , drowsiness or disturbance of your vision , - cloudiness of the eye ( cataract ), - a change in taste , - blood in your urine ( haematuria ), - male infertility or erectile dysfunction , - enlargement of the breasts , in men as well as in women , - build - up of fluid leading to swelling ( oedema ) particularly of your ankles , - muscle aches , - painful skin boil , - damage to the nerves which can cause numbness , pain and weakness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva were : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea / vomiting abnormal urination fatigue dizziness ( including when getting up from a lying or sitting position ) 106 blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine kinase ) or raised levels of substances that measure kidney function ( blood urea nitrogen , creatinine ). if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea low blood pressure fainting heart rate increased flushing swelling sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ) blood tests may show lowered levels of potassium and sodium in your blood . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . side effects reported since the launch of irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva some undesirable effects have been reported since marketing of irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide zentiva . undesirable effects where the frequency is not known are : headache , ringing in the ears , cough , taste disturbance , indigestion , pain in joints and muscles , liver function abnormal and impaired kidney function , increased level of potassium in your blood and allergic reactions such as rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . side effects associated with irbesartan alone in addition to the side effects listed above , chest pain , severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) and decrease in te number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ) have also been reported . side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide alone loss of appetite ; stomach irritation ; stomach cramps ; constipation ; jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); inflammation of the pancreas characterised by severe upper stomach pain , often with nausea and vomiting ; sleep disorders ; depression ; blurred vision ; lack of white blood cells , which can result in frequent infections , fever ; decrease in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ), decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) characterised by tiredness , headaches , being short of breath when exercising , dizziness and looking pale ; kidney disease ; lung problems including pneumonia or build - up of fluid in the lungs ; increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun ; inflammation of blood vessels ; a skin disease characterized by the peeling of the skin all over the body ; cutaneous lupus erythematosus , which is identified by a rash that may appear on the face , neck , and scalp ; allergic reactions ; weakness and muscle spasm ; altered heart rate ; reduced blood pressure after a change in body position ; swelling of the salivary glands ; high sugar levels in the blood ; sugar in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood fat ; high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ) it is known that side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide may increase with higher doses of hydrochlorothiazide . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects related to the first infusion are very common ( occurring in more than 30 % of patients ) but are less common following subsequent infusions . the majority of the side effects , such as fever and chills , pain in the muscles or joints , and headache , occur within the first three days following the dose of aclasta . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor can recommend a mild pain reliever such as ibuprofen or paracetamol to reduce these side effects . the chance of experiencing these side effects decreases with subsequent doses of aclasta . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving aclasta for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis . it is currently unclear whether aclasta causes this irregular heart rhythm but you should report it to your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received aclasta . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , redness , pain and itching to the eyes or eye sensitivity to light . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) pain in the mouth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing sores in the mouth or jaw , discharge , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth ; these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with aclasta or after stopping treatment . kidney disorders ( e . g . decreased urine output ) may occur . your doctor should do a blood test to check your kidney function before each dose of aclasta . it is important for you to drink at least 2 glasses of fluid ( such as water ), within a few hours before receiving aclasta , as directed by your healthcare provider . if you experience any of the above side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . aclasta may also cause other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , sickness , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the muscles , pain in the bones and / or joints , pain in the back , arms or legs , flu - like symptoms ( e . g . tiredness , chills , joint and muscle pain ), chills , feeling of tiredness and lack of interest , weakness , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and / or pain at the infusion site . in patients with paget ' s disease , symptoms due to low blood calcium , such as muscle spasms , or numbness , or a tingling sensation especially in the area around the mouth have been reported . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu , upper respiratory tract infections , decreased red cell count , loss of appetite , sleeplessness , sleepiness which may include reduced alertness and awareness , tingling sensation or numbness , extreme tiredness , trembling , temporary loss of consciousness , eye infection or irritation or inflammation with pain and redness , spinning sensation , increased blood pressure , flushing , cough , shortness of breath , upset stomach , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , heartburn , skin rash , excessive sweating , itching , skin reddening , neck pain , stiffness in muscles , bones and / or joints , joint swelling , muscle spasms , shoulder pain , pain in your chest muscles and rib cage , joint inflammation , muscular weakness , abnormal kidney test results , abnormal frequent urination , swelling of hands , ankles or feet , thirst , toothache , taste disturbances . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . low levels of phosphate in the blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reactions including dizziness and difficulty breathing , swelling mainly of the face and throat , decreased blood pressure , dehydration secondary to acute phase reactions ( post - dose symptoms such as fever , vomiting and diarrhoea ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if any of the following serious side effects occur . long or excessive bleeding . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . side effects in a clinical study were reported with the following frequencies : very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people bleeding gums fever tiredness headache nosebleeds hives common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people bleeding from eye vomiting blood blood in the stools black , tarry stools bleeding from the stomach bleeding hemorrhoids rectal bleeding injection site reactions : rash , itching and bleeding bleeding in brain as evidenced by severe headache of rapid onset , vomiting , decreased level of consciousness , fever , sometimes seizures and neck stiffness or neck pain muscle pain stroke blood in urine excessive bleeding during periods vaginal bleeding coughing blood shortness of breath bruise reporting of side effects if you experience any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with izba : very common side effects : may affects more than 1 in 10 people effects in the eye : eye redness . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people effects in the eye : eye discomfort , itchy eye , and dry eye . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people effects in the eye : inflammation inside the eye , eye surface inflammation with / out surface damage , inflammation of the eyelids , inflammation of the conjunctiva , eye pain , sensitivity to light , blurred or abnormal vision , swelling or crusting of eyelids , eye discharge , darkening of skin around the eye ( s ), growth and thickening of the eyelashes . general side effects : rash or itching of the skin . in addition , the following side effects have been observed with another medicine containing a higher strength of travoprost ( 40 micrograms / ml ): very common side effects : may affects more than 1 in 10 people effects in the eye : eye redness . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people effects in the eye : changes in the colour of the iris ( coloured part of the eye ), eye irritation . eye pain , eye discomfort , dry eye , itchy eye . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people effects in the eye : corneal disorder , eye inflammation , iris inflammation , inflammation inside the eye , eye surface inflammation with / out surface damage , sensitivity to light , eye discharge , eyelid inflammation , eyelid redness , swelling around the eye , eyelid itching , blurred vision , increased tear production , infection or inflammation of the conjunctiva ( conjunctivitis ), abnormal turning outward of the lower eyelid , clouding of the eye , eyelid crusting , growth of eyelashes . general side effects : increased allergic symptoms , headache , irregular heart beat , cough , stuffy nose , throat irritation , darkening of skin around the eye ( s ), skin darkening , abnormal hair texture , excessive hair growth . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people effects in the eye : perception of flashing lights , eczema of the eyelids , abnormally positioned eyelashes that grow back toward the eye , eye swelling , reduced vision , halo vision , decreased eye sensation , inflammation of the glands of the eyelids , pigmentation inside the eye , increase in pupil size , eyelash thickening , change in eyelash colour , tired eyes . general side effects : eye viral infection , dizziness , bad taste , irregular or decreased heart rate , increased or decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath , asthma , nasal allergy or inflammation , nasal dryness , voice changes , gastrointestinal discomfort or ulcer , constipation , dry mouth , redness or itching of the skin , rash , hair colour change , loss of eyelashes , joint pain , musculoskeletal pain , generalised weakness . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data effects in the eye : inflammation of the back of the eye , eyes appear more inset . general side effects : depression , anxiety , insomnia , sensation of false movement , ringing in ears , chest pain , abnormal heart rhythm , increased heart beat , worsening of asthma , diarrhoea , nose bleeds , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , itching , abnormal hair growth , painful or involuntary urination , increase in prostate cancer marker . in children and adolescents , the most common side effects seen with the medicine containing a higher strength of travoprost ( 40 micrograms / ml ) are eye redness and growth of eyelashes . both side effects were observed with a higher incidence in children and adolescents compared to adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) stop the injection immediately if you develop severe and sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions ). you must contact your doctor or an emergency unit immediately if you have signs of an allergic reaction such as : difficulty in swallowing or breathing wheezing chest tightness redness and / or swelling of the lips , tongue , face or hands rash , hives , weals or itching pale and cold skin , fast heartbeat , or dizziness ( low blood pressure ) headache , nausea or vomiting . development of ' fviii inhibitors ' ( antibodies ) if you have previously received more than 150 days of treatment with factor viii , inhibitors ( antibodies ) may develop ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens , your medicine may stop 44 working properly and you may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . see " development of ' fviii inhibitors ' ( antibodies )" in section 2 . the following side effects have been observed with esperoct common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions where the injection is given itching ( pruritus ) redness of skin ( erythema ) rash . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). these may become severe and could be life - threatening , see " allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity )" above for more information factor viii inhibitors ( antibodies ) in patients previously treated with factor viii . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effect , particularly if severe or persistent , or have any change to your health that you think may be due to zoely , please talk to your doctor . an increased risk of blood clots in your veins ( venous thromboembolism ( vte )) or blood clots in your arteries ( arterial thromboembolism ( ate )) is present for all women taking combined hormonal contraceptives . for more detailed information on the different risks from taking combined hormonal contraceptives , please see section 2 , " what you need to know before you use zoely ". the following side effects have been linked with the use of zoely : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): acne changes to menstrual periods ( e . g . absence or irregularity ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased interest in sex ; depression / depressed mood ; mood changes headache or migraine 41 feeling sick ( nausea ) heavy menstrual periods ; breast pain ; pelvic pain weight gain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite ; fluid retention ( oedema ) hot flush swollen abdomen increased sweating ; hair loss ; itching ; dry skin ; oily skin heaviness in limbs regular but scanty periods ; larger breasts ; breast lump ; milk production while not pregnant ; premenstrual syndrome ; pain during intercourse ; dryness in the vagina or vulva ; spasm of the uterus irritability increased liver enzymes rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): harmful blood clots in a vein or artery , for example : o in a leg or foot ( i . e ., dvt ) o in a lung ( i . e ., pe ) o heart attack o stroke o mini - stroke or temporary stroke - like symptoms known as a transient ischaemic attack ( tia ) o blood clots in the liver , stomach / intestine , kidneys or eye . the chance of having a blood clot may be higher if you have any other conditions that increase this risk . ( see section 2 for more information on the conditions that increase risk for blood clots and the symptoms of a blood clot .) decreased appetite increased interest in sex disturbance in attention dry eye ; contact lens intolerance dry mouth golden brown pigment patches , mostly in the face ; excessive hair growth vaginal smell ; discomfort in the vagina or vulva hunger disease of the gallbladder allergic ( hypersensitive ) reactions have been reported in users of zoely , but the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . further information on the possible side effect changes to menstrual periods ( e . g . absence or irregular ) during the use of zoely is described in section 3 ' when and how to take the tablets ', ' if you have unexpected bleeding ' and ' if you have missed one or more periods '). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking ristaben and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). if you have a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including rash , hives , blisters on the skin / peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects after adding sitagliptin to metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar 67 common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and pioglitazone : common : flatulence , swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with insulin ( with or without metformin ): common : flu uncommon : dry mouth some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone in clinical studies , or during post - approval use alone and / or with other diabetes medicines : common : low blood sugar , headache , upper respiratory infection , stuffy or runny nose and sore throat , osteoarthritis , arm or leg pain uncommon : dizziness , constipation , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ) fever headache high blood pressure shortness of breath tiredness tell your doctor or health care professional if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should be aware of the early signs of allergic reactions . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur ( very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , - swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness . these symptoms can be early symptoms of an anaphylactic shock . if any of these symptoms occur , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor . severe symptoms require prompt emergency treatment . very common side effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people factor viii inhibition in previously untreated patients . for children and adolescents not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ). however for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens , your or your child ´ s 47 medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people hypersensitivity , fever . uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), headache , injection site inflammation , injection site pain , back pain , vertigo , dry mouth , dizziness , a vague feeling of bodily discomfort , shortness of breath , haemorrhagic anaemia , non - neutralising antibody positive ( in ptps ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using bronchitol and see a doctor straight away if you notice the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing , which may be due to narrowing of the airways , worsening of asthma symptoms or wheezing . this happens commonly , which may affect up to 1 in 10 people . - coughing up blood or blood in your sputum . this happens commonly . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : - severe cough . this happens commonly . - worsening of symptoms . this happens commonly . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - cough - chest discomfort - headache - pain in the back of your mouth and throat and discomfort when swallowing - vomiting , vomiting after coughing uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - burning or painful sensation on the tongue - cf related diabetes - chest and abdominal pain - change in voice - cold sweat - congestion - dehydration - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - ear pain - feeling tired - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling unwell - flu and fever - wind - heartburn - hernia pain - hyperventilation - itching , rash , acne - joint stiffness and pain - morbid thoughts - mouth ulcers - respiratory tract infection - runny nose - sputum infection - throat irritation - trouble sleeping - yeast infection of the mouth ( thrush ) - unintentional loss of urine reporting of side effects 30 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( these may affect more than 1 in 10 patients ) blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes , called transaminases . common side effects ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 patients ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) rash rare side effects ( these may affect up to 1 in 1000 patients ) allergic reactions or reactions following the infusion . symptoms can include : changes to blood pressure or heart rate low oxygen level in blood high temperature shortness of breath , wheezing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) rash feeling sick ( nausea ) sweating shivering 42 reporting of side effects if you notice any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you need to pay special attention if you get the following side effects during treatment with vargatef : diarrhoea ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea may lead to a loss of fluid and important salts ( electrolytes , such as sodium or potassium ) in your body . at the first signs of diarrhoea drink plenty of fluids and contact your doctor immediately . start appropriate anti - diarrhoeal treatment , e . g . with loperamide , as soon as possible after having contacted your doctor . febrile neutropenia and sepsis ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) treatment with vargatef may lead to a reduced number of a type of your white blood cells ( neutropenia ) which are important for the body ´ s reaction against bacterial or fungal infections . as a consequence of neutropenia , fever ( febrile neutropenia ) and blood infection ( sepsis ) may occur . tell your doctor immediately if you develop fever , chills , fast breathing or a fast heartbeat . during treatment with vargatef your doctor will regularly monitor your blood cells and examine you for signs of infection , such as inflammation , fever or tiredness . the following side effects were observed under treatment with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea please see above painful , numb and / or tingling feeling in fingers and toes ( peripheral neuropathy ) feeling sick ( nausea ) throwing up ( vomiting ) pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) bleeding decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract including sores and ulcers in the mouth ( mucositis , including stomatitis ) rash decreased appetite electrolyte imbalance increased liver enzyme values ( alanine aminotransferase , aspartate aminotransferase , blood alkaline phosphatase ) in the blood as seen from blood tests hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood poisoning ( sepsis ) - please see above decrease in the number of white blood cells accompanied by fever ( febrile neutropenia ) blood clots in the veins ( venous thromboembolism ), especially in the legs ( symptoms include pain , redness , swelling , and warmth of a limb ), which may travel through blood vessels to the 41 lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing ( if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) fluid loss ( dehydration ) abscesses low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) jaundice ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) increased liver enzyme values ( gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in the blood as seen from blood tests weight loss itching headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) occurrence of holes in the wall of your gut ( gastrointestinal perforation ) serious liver problems inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) myocardial infarction renal failure not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the large bowel an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . you must immediately contact your doctor if you experience any of those following serious side effects ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take inlyta "): heart failure events . tell your doctor if you experience excessive tiredness , swelling of the abdomen , legs , or ankles , shortness of breath , or protruding neck veins . blood clots in your veins and arteries ( types of blood vessels ), including stroke , heart attack , embolism , or thrombosis . get emergency help right away and call your doctor if you get symptoms such as chest pain or pressure ; pain in your arms , back , neck or jaw ; shortness of breath ; numbness or weakness on one side of your body ; trouble talking ; headache ; vision changes : or dizziness . bleeding . tell your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms or a serious bleeding problem during treatment with inlyta : black tarry stools , coughing up of blood or bloody sputum , or change in your mental status . hole in the stomach or intestine or formation of fistula ( abnormal tube - like passage from one normal body cavity to another body cavity or the skin ). tell your doctor if you have severe abdominal pain . severe increase in blood pressure ( hypertensive crisis ). tell your doctor if you have a very high blood pressure , severe headache , or severe chest pain . reversible swelling of the brain ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ). get emergency help right away and call your doctor if you get symptoms such as headache , confusion , seizures ( fits ), or changes in vision with or without high blood pressure . other side effects with inlyta may include : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure , or increases in blood pressure diarrhoea , feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ), stomach ache , indigestion , soreness of the mouth , tongue or throat , constipation shortness of breath , cough , hoarseness lack of energy , feeling weak or tired under - active thyroid gland ( may show in your blood tests ) redness and swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ), skin rash , dryness of the skin joint pain , pain in hands or feet loss of appetite protein in the urine ( may show in your urine tests ) weight loss headache , taste disturbance or loss of taste common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dehydration ( loss of body fluids ) kidney failure flatulence ( wind ), haemorrhoids , bleeding from gums , bleeding from the rectum , a burning or stinging sensation in the mouth hyper - active thyroid gland ( may show in your blood tests ) sore throat or nose and throat irritation muscle pain nose bleeding skin itching , redness of the skin , hair loss ringing / sound in the ears ( tinnitus ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( may show in your blood tests ) reduction in the number of blood platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) ( may show in your blood tests ) presence of red blood cells in the urine ( may show in your urine tests ) 53 changes in the levels of different chemicals / enzymes in the blood ( may show in your blood tests ) increase in the number of red blood cells ( may show in your blood tests ) swelling of the abdomen , legs , or ankles , protruding neck veins , excessive tiredness , shortness of breath ( signs of heart failure events ) fistula ( abnormal tube like passage from one normal body cavity to another body cavity or the skin ) dizziness inflammation of the gall bladder uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people reduction in the number of white blood cells ( may show in your blood tests ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions - warm , red skin , itching ( often in your groin or armpits ), red , itchy , raised areas ( hives ), runny nose , fast or uneven pulse , swelling of your tongue and throat , sneezing , wheezing or serious difficulty breathing , or dizziness . you may be having a possible serious , life - threatening allergic reaction to the medicine . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 women ). if you notice any of the side effects above , stop using cetrotide and contact your doctor immediately . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) this may occur due to the other medicines that you are using to stimulate your ovaries . - lower abdominal pain together with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) may be the symptoms of ohss . this may indicate that the ovaries over - reacted to the treatment and that large ovarian cysts developed . this event is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 women ). - the ohss may become severe with clearly enlarged ovaries , decreased urine production , weight gain , difficulty breathing or fluid in your stomach or chest . this event is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 women ). if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 women ): mild and short - lasting skin irritation may occur at the injection site like redness , itching or swelling . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 women ): feeling sick ( nausea ) headache . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may be seen with ozurdex : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): increased pressure in the eye , clouding of the lens ( cataract ), bleeding on the surface of the eye * common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high pressure in the eye , clouding at the back of the lens , bleeding into the inside of the eye *, worsening of vision *, difficulties in seeing clearly , detachment of the jelly inside the eye from the light - sensitive layer at the back of the eye ( vitreous detachment )*, a feeling of spots in front of the eye ( including ' floaters ')*, a feeling of looking through mist or fog *, inflammation of the eyelid , eye pain *, seeing flashes of light *, swelling of the layer over the white part of the eye *, redness of the eye *, headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): a severe inflammation at the back of the eye ( usually due to viral infection ), serious infection or inflammation inside the eye *, glaucoma ( an eye disease in which increased pressure in the eye is associated with damage to the optic nerve ), detachment of the light - sensitive layer from the back of the eye * ( retinal detachment ), tear of the light - sensitive layer at the back of the eye ( retinal tear )*, a decrease in the eye pressure which is associated with leakage of the jelly ( vitreous ) from inside the eye *, inflammation inside the front part of the eye *, increased protein and cells in the front of the eye due to inflammation *, 29 abnormal feeling in the eye * itchiness of the eyelid , redness of the white of the eye *, migration of the ozurdex implant from the back to the front of the eye causing blurred or decreased vision and which may or may not cause swelling of the clear part of the eye ( cornea )*, accidental incorrect placement of the ozurdex implant *, migraine * these side effects may be caused by the injection procedure and not the ozurdex implant itself . the more injections you have the more these effects can occur . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious . hypoglycaemia is a very commonly reported side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) means that there is not enough sugar in the blood . if your blood sugar level falls too much you may become unconscious . serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . if you have symptoms of low blood sugar , take actions to increase your blood sugar level immediately . see the box at the end of this leaflet for important further information about hypoglycaemia and its treatment . if you experience the following symptoms , contact your doctor immediately : systemic allergic reactions are side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) generalised allergy to insulin : associated symptoms may include large - scale skin reactions ( rash and itching all over the body ), severe swelling of skin or mucous membranes ( angioedema ), shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure with rapid heartbeat and sweating . these could be symptoms of severe cases of generalised allergy to insulin , including anaphylactic reaction , which may be life - threatening . hyperglycaemia ( high blood sugar ) means that there is too much sugar in the blood . the frequency of hyperglycaemia cannot be estimated . if your blood sugar level is too high , this tells you that you may need more insulin than you have injected . hyperglycaemia can cause diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). these are serious side effects . these conditions can happen when there are problems with the infusion pump or when the pump system is used incorrectly . this means you may not always get enough insulin to treat your diabetes . if this happens you must seek urgent medical help . always have available an alternative insulin delivery system for injection under the skin ( see section 3 under " how to handle an infusion pump system " and " what to do if the pump system fails or when the pump is used incorrectly "). for more information on signs and symptoms of hyperglycaemia refer to the box at the end of this leaflet . other side effects common reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin and allergic reactions at the injection site reactions at the injection site may occur ( such as reddening , unusually intense pain on injection , itching , hives , swelling or inflammation ). they can also spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually resolve in a few days to a few weeks . rare reported side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) skin changes at the injection site ( lipodystrophy ) 43 if you inject your insulin too often at the same skin site , fatty tissue under the skin at this site may either shrink or thicken . insulin that you inject in such a site may not work very well . changing the injection site with each injection may help to prevent such skin changes . side effects where the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data eye reactions a marked change ( improvement or worsening ) in your blood sugar control can disturb your vision temporarily . if you have proliferative retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes ) severe hypoglycaemic attacks may cause temporary loss of vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following serious side effects may occur . in this case talk to your doctor immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bleeding events ( mostly nosebleed ( epistaxis ) and coughing up blood ( haemoptysis )) may very commonly occur , especially if you are also taking blood - thinning medicines ( anticoagulants ). the risk of bleeding may be increased in patients when inhibitors of platelet aggregation or anticoagulants are given at the same time ( see also section 2 ). very rarely , fatal cases including bleeding in the brain ( cerebral and intracranial haemorrhage ) have been reported . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): fainting ( syncope ) is a symptom of the illness itself but can also occur during treatment with ventavis ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ", for advice on what you can do to avoid this ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ) not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): bronchospasm ( sudden constriction of the muscles in the walls of the small airways ) and wheezing ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ") below we list other possible side effects by how likely they are : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people widening of the blood vessels ( vasodilatation ). symptoms can be flushing or reddening of the face . chest discomfort / chest pain coughing headache nausea pain in jaw / spasm of the jaw muscles ( trismus ) swelling of the limbs ( peripheral oedema ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people breathing difficulties ( dyspnoea ) dizziness vomiting diarrhoea pain when swallowing ( pharyngolaryngeal irritation ) throat irritation mouth and tongue irritation including pain rash fast heartbeat ( tachycardia ) awareness of fast or hard heartbeat ( palpitations ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . reduction in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) hypersensitivity ( i . e . allergy ) disturbed sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) other possible effects swelling , mainly of the ankles and legs , due to fluid retention ( peripheral oedema ) is a very common symptom of the illness itself but can also occur during treatment with ventavis . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects will often stop or reduce in intensity with continued use of the product . discontinue the treatment and contact your doctor , hospital or emergency room immediately , if you : - experience severe breathing difficulties . - have a rattling sound when you breathe in . - have convulsive pain . - experience extreme dizziness . these side effects can be very serious . other side effects reported after use of instanyl : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): sleepiness , dizziness even with difficulties keeping balance , headache , irritation of the throat , nausea , vomiting , flushing , feeling very warm , excessive sweating . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): sleeplessness , drowsiness , convulsive muscle contractions , abnormal sensation of the skin even unpleasant , change of taste , motion sickness , low blood pressure , severe breathing problems , nose bleeds , nasal ulcer , runny nose , constipation , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , skin pain , itching of the skin , fever . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): fall , diarrhoea , convulsions ( fits ), loss of consciousness , swelling of arms or legs , seeing or hearing things that are not really there ( hallucinations ), drug dependence ( addiction ), drug abuse , fatigue , malaise , withdrawal syndrome ( may manifest by the occurrence of the following side effects nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , anxiety , chills , tremor , and sweating ), shortness of breath . there have also been reports of patients developing a hole in the septum of the nose the structure , which separates the nostrils . prolonged treatment with fentanyl during pregnancy may cause withdrawal symptoms in the newborn which can be life - threatening ( see section 2 ) you should tell your doctor if you experience recurrent episodes of nose bleeding or nasal discomfort . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , imprida hct can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these side effects may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined as follows : very common : affects more than 1 user in 10 common : affects 1 to 10 users in 100 uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : common dizziness low blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , light - headedness , sudden loss of consciousness ) uncommon severely decreased urine output ( decreased kidney function ) rare spontaneous bleeding irregular heart beat liver disorder very rare allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching angioedema : swelling of face or lips or tongue , difficulty of breathing crushing / tight chest pain that gets worse or that does not go away weakness , bruising , fever and frequent infections stiffness other possible side effects of imprida hct : common stomach discomfort after meal tiredness swelling low level of potassium in the blood headache frequent urination 152 uncommon fast heart beat spinning sensation vision disorder stomach discomfort chest pain increase of urea nitrogen , creatinine and uric acid in the blood high level of calcium , fat or sodium in the blood decrease of potassium in the blood breath odour diarrhoea dry mouth nausea vomiting abdominal pain weight increase loss of appetite disturbed sense of taste back pain joint swelling muscle cramps / weakness / pain pain in extremity inability to either stand or walk in a normal manner weakness abnormal coordination dizziness on standing up or after exercising lack of energy sleep disturbances tingling or numbness neuropathy sleepiness sudden , temporary loss of consciousness low blood pressure on standing up impotence cough breathlessness throat irritation excessive sweating itching swelling , reddening and pain along a vein skin reddening trembling not known changes in blood tests for kidney function , increase of potassium in your blood , low level of red blood cells 153 side effects reported with amlodipine or valsartan or hydrochlorothiazide alone , but not observed with imprida hct or observed in a higher frequency : amlodipine common palpitations abdominal pain nausea sleepiness hot flushes uncommon ringing noise in ears change of bowel habit pain weight decrease joint pain trembling mood swings urination disorders urination at night breast enlargement in men runny nose hair loss skin eruption purple skin patches rash skin discoloration very rare low level of white blood cells and blood platelets irregular heart beat heart attack inflammation of the stomach lining or of the pancreas , gingival overgrowth , abnormal liver function test liver disorder which can occur together with yellow skin and eyes , or dark - coloured urine allergic reaction including swelling deeper in the skin and difficulty breathing high level of sugar in the blood increased muscle stiffness skin reaction with skin reddening and peeling , blistering of lips , eyes or mouth itchy rash inflammation of blood vessels not known stiff limbs and trembling hands 154 valsartan not known abnormal red blood cell test low level of a certain type of white blood cell and blood platelet increase of potassium in the blood increase of creatinine in the blood abnormal liver function test allergic reaction including swelling deeper in the skin and difficulty breathing muscle pain severely decreased urine output itching rash inflammation of blood vessels hydrochlorothiazide very common low level of potassium in the blood increase of lipids in the blood common high level of uric acid in the blood low level of magnesium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood dizziness , fainting on standing up reduced appetite nausea and vomiting itchy rash and other types of rash inability to achieve or maintain erection rare low level of blood platelets ( sometimes with bleeding or bruising underneath the skin ) sugar in the urine high level of sugar in the blood worsening of the diabetic metabolic state sad mood ( depression ) irregular heart beat abdominal discomfort constipation liver disorders which can occur together with yellow skin and eyes , or dark - coloured urine ( haemolytic anaemia ) increased sensitivity of skin to sun purple skin patches kidney disorders very rare fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers , more frequent infections ( lack or low level of white blood cells ) pale skin , tiredness , breathlessness , dark - coloured urine ( haemolytic anaemia , abnormal breakdown of red blood cells either in the blood vessels or elsewhere in the body ) confusion , tiredness , muscle twitching and spasm , rapid breathing ( hypochloraemic alkalosis ) severe upper stomach ache ( inflammation of the pancreas ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( hypersensitivity reactions ) difficulty breathing with fever , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness ( respiratory distress , pulmonary oedema , pneumonitis ) 155 facial rash , joint pain , muscle disorder , fever ( lupus erythematosus ) inflammation of blood vessels with symptoms such as rash , purplish - red spots , fever ( vasculitis ) severe skin disease that causes rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known weakness , bruising and frequent infections ( aplastic anaemia ) decrease in vision or pain in your eyes due to high pressure ( possible signs of acute angle - closure glaucoma ) breathlessness severely decreased urine output ( possible signs of renal disorder or renal failure ) severe skin disease that causes rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( erythema multiforme ) muscle spasm fever ( pyrexia ) if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . people with cystic fibrosis have many symptoms of the disease . these may still happen while taking tobi podhaler , but should not be any more frequent or seem worse than before . if your underlying lung disease seems worse while taking tobi podhaler , tell your doctor straight away . some side effects can be serious unusual difficulty in breathing with wheezing or coughing and chest tightness ( common ). if you experience any of these , stop taking tobi podhaler and tell your doctor straight away . coughing up blood ( very common ) decreasing hearing ( ringing in the ears is a potential warning sign of hearing loss ), noises ( such as hissing ) in the ears ( common ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) shortness of breath cough , productive cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ) sore throat fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) wheezing , rales ( crackles ) chest discomfort , chest pain from muscles or skeletal origins blocked nose 38 nosebleed vomiting , nausea diarrhoea rash disturbed sense of taste . loss of voice not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) generally feeling unwell discoloration of the substance you cough up ( sputum ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate in nature . if you experience any of the following side effects stop using the medicine and seek medical help immediately : - allergic reactions including rashes ( frequency uncommon ). - chest pain - do not use nitrates but seek immediate medical assistance ( frequency uncommon ). - priapism , a prolonged and possibly painful erection after taking tadalafil lilly ( frequency rare ). if you have such an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 4 hours you should contact a doctor immediately . - sudden loss of vision ( frequency rare ). other side effects have been reported : common ( seen in 1 to 10 in every 100 patients ) - headache , back pain , muscle aches , pain in arms and legs , facial flushing , nasal congestion and indigestion . uncommon ( seen in 1 to 10 in every 1 , 000 patients ) - dizziness , stomach ache , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , presence of blood in urine , prolonged erection , pounding heartbeat sensation , a fast heart rate , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles and feeling tired . rare ( seen in 1 to 10 in every 10 , 000 patients ) - fainting , seizures and passing memory loss , swelling of the eyelids , red eyes , sudden decrease or loss of hearing , hives ( itchy red welts on the surface of the skin ), penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and increased sweating . heart attack and stroke have also been reported rarely in men taking tadalafil lilly . most of these men had known heart problems before taking this medicine . partial , temporary , or permanent decrease or loss of vision in one or both eyes has been rarely reported . some additional rare side effects have been reported in men taking tadalafil lilly that were not seen in clinical trials . these include : - migraine , swelling of the face , serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat , serious skin rashes , some disorders affecting blood flow to the eyes , irregular heartbeats , angina and sudden cardiac death . the side effect dizziness has been reported more frequently in men over 75 years of age taking tadalafil lilly . diarrhoea has been reported more frequently in men over 65 years of age taking tadalafil lilly . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these are usually mild to moderate .. adults - most common side effects observed in clinical studies ( occurring in 10 % to 20 % of patients ): dizziness nausea headache . if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . children and adolescents - most common side effects observed in a clinical study : bed wetting ( 18 . 3 %) nausea ( 12 . 5 %) vomiting ( 8 . 7 %) weight decrease ( 8 . 7 %) decreased appetite ( 6 . 7 %) headache ( 5 . 8 %) dizziness ( 5 . 8 %) suicidal thoughts ( 1 %) feeling mentally unwell ( loss of contact with reality ) ( 1 %) if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away 34 the side effects in adults and children are the same . if you experience any of the side effects listed below , tell your doctor straight away : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea dizziness headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): sleeping problems including insomnia , abnormal dreams , sleep paralysis , sleepiness , nightmares , sleep walking , bed wetting , excessive daytime sleepiness , difficulty in falling asleep in the middle of the night feeling drunk , trembling , confusion / disorientation , blurred vision , balance disorder , fall , feeling of " spinning " ( vertigo ), feeling the heart beat , increased blood pressure , shortness of breath vomiting , stomach pains , diarrhoea anorexia , decreased appetite , weight loss weakness , tiredness , sedation sweating depression muscle cramps , swelling joint pain , back pain disturbance in attention , disturbed sensitivity particularly to touch , abnormal touch sensation , abnormal taste anxiety , nervousness urinary incontinence snoring , congestion of the nose rash inflammation of the sinuses , inflammation of nose and throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): psychosis ( a mental disorder that may involve hallucinations , incoherent speech , or disorganized and agitated behaviour ) paranoia , abnormal thinking , hallucination , agitation , suicide attempt difficulty in falling asleep , restless legs forgetfulness myoclonus ( involuntary contractions of muscles ) involuntary passage of faeces hypersensitivity not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): convulsion decreased breathing depth or rate , short cessation of breathing during sleep hives suicidal thoughts , delusion , thoughts of committing violent acts ( including harming others ) irritability , aggression euphoric mood panic attack mania / bipolar disorder dry mouth , dehydration swelling face ( angioedema ) bruxism ( teeth grinding and jaw clenching ) pollakiuria / micturition urgency ( increase need to urinate ) tinnitus ( noise in the ears such as ringing or buzzing ) sleep - related eating disorder increased appetite 35 loss of consciousness dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) dandruff increased sexual desire nocturia ( excessive urination at night ) choking sensation if you experience any of the side effects listed above , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine sun immediately and contact your doctor if any of these symptoms occur : - diarrhoea : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movements each day or any diarrhoea at night . - vomiting : if you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . - nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . - stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . - infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - chest pain : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . - steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . if caught early , these side effects usually improve within 2 to 3 days after stopping treatment . if these side effects continue , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . in addition to the above , when capecitabine sun is used alone , very common side effects which may affect more than 1 person in 10 are : - abdominal pain - rash , dry or itchy skin - tiredness - loss of appetite ( anorexia ). these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately when you start to experience a side effect . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with capecitabine sun . this will help reduce the likelihood that the side effect continues or becomes severe . other side effects are : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : - decreases in the number of white blood cells or red blood cells ( seen in tests ) - dehydration , weight loss - sleeplessness ( insomnia ), depression - headache , sleepiness , dizziness , abnormal sensation in the skin ( numbness or tingling sensation ), taste changes - eye irritation , increased tears , eye redness ( conjunctivitis ) - inflammation of the veins ( thrombophlebitis ) - shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , runny nose - cold sores or other herpes infections - infections of the lungs or respiratory system ( e . g . pneumonia or bronchitis ) - bleeding from the gut , constipation , pain in upper abdomen , indigestion , excess wind , dry mouth - skin rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), skin reddening , dry skin , itching ( pruritus ), skin discolouration , skin loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder 67 - pain in the joints , or in the limbs ( extremities ), chest or back - fever , swelling in the limbs , feeling ill - problems with liver function ( seen in blood tests ) and increased blood bilirubin ( excreted by the liver ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : - blood infection , urinary tract infection , infection of the skin , infections in the nose and throat , fungal infections ( including those of the mouth ), influenza , gastroenteritis , tooth abscess - lumps under the skin ( lipoma ) - decreases in blood cells including platelets , thinning of blood ( seen in tests ) - allergy - diabetes , decrease in blood potassium , malnutrition , increased blood triglycerides - confusional state , panic attacks , depressed mood , decreased libido - difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , balance disorder , fainting , nerve damage ( neuropathy ) and problems with sensation - blurred or double vision - vertigo , ear pain - irregular heartbeat and palpitations ( arrhythmias ), chest pain and heart attack ( infarction ) - blood clots in the deep veins , high or low blood pressure , hot flushes , cold limbs ( extremities ), purple spots on the skin - blood clots in the veins in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ), collapsed lung , coughing up blood , asthma , shortness of breath on exertion - bowel obstruction , collection of fluid in the abdomen , inflammation of the small or large intestine , the stomach or the oesophagus , pain in the lower abdomen , abdominal discomfort , heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), blood in the stool - jaundice ( yellowing of skin and eyes ) - skin ulcer and blister , reaction of the skin with sunlight , reddening of palms , swelling or pain of the face - joint swelling or stiffness , bone pain , muscle weakness or stiffness - fluid collection in the kidneys , increased frequency of urination during the night , incontinence , blood in the urine , increase in blood creatinine ( sign of kidney dysfunction ) - unusual bleeding from the vagina - swelling ( oedema ), chills and rigors . some of these side effects are more common when capecitabine is used with other medicines for the treatment of cancer . other side effects seen in this setting are the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : - decrease in blood sodium , magnesium or calcium , increase in blood sugar - nerve pain - ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), loss of hearing - vein inflammation - hiccups , change in voice - pain or altered / abnormal sensation in the mouth , pain in the jaw - sweating , night sweats - muscle spasm - difficulty in urination , blood or protein in the urine - bruising or reaction at the injection site ( caused by medicines given by injection at the same time ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : - narrowing or blockage of tear duct ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) - liver failure - inflammation leading to dysfunction or obstruction in bile secretion ( cholestatic hepatitis ) - specific changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) 68 - certain types of arrhythmia ( including ventricular fibrillation , torsade de pointes , and bradycardia ) - eye inflammation causing eye pain and possibly eyesight problems - inflammation of the skin causing red scaly patches due to an immune system illness . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : - severe skin reaction such as skin rash , ulceration and blistering which may involve ulcers of the mouth , nose , genitalia , hands , feet and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v *. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most serious side effects some patients have had tingling or numbness in the hands and feet ( seen commonly ). they could be signs of peripheral neuropathy , due to side effects of yargesa or they could be due to existing conditions . your doctor will perform some tests before and during treatment with yargesa to assess this ( see section 2 ). if you do get any of these effects , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get a slight tremor , usually trembling hands , seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . the tremor often disappears without needing to stop the treatment . sometimes your doctor will need to reduce the dose or stop yargesa treatment to stop the tremor . very common effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people the most common side effects are diarrhoea , flatulence ( wind ), abdominal ( stomach ) pain , weight loss and decreased appetite . if you do lose some weight when you start treatment with yargesa don ' t worry . people usually stop losing weight as treatment goes on . common effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people 23 common side effects of treatment include headache , dizziness , paraesthesia ( tingling or numbness ), abnormal coordination , hypoaesthesia ( reduced sensation to touch ), dyspepsia ( heartburn ), nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation and vomiting , swelling or discomfort in the abdomen ( stomach ) and thrombocytopenia ( reduced levels of blood platelets ). the neurological symptoms and thrombocytopenia could be due to the underlying disease . other possible side effects are muscular spasms or weakness , fatigue , chills and malaise , depression , difficulty sleeping , forgetfulness and reduced libido . most patients get one or more of these side effects , usually at the start of treatment or at intervals during treatment . most cases are mild and disappear quite quickly . if any of these side effects cause problems , consult your doctor . he or she may reduce the dose of yargesa or recommend other medicines to help control side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following adverse events which occurred during clinical studies were considered to be related to the use of evarrest : most serious side effects bleeding ( haemorrhage ) - from the connection of two vessels ( anastomotic haemorrhage ); the frequency was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - from the stomach ( intra - abdominal haemorrhage ); the frequency was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - during surgery ( operative haemorrhage ); the frequency was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - after surgery ( post - procedural haemorrhage ); the frequency was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). blood clot ( thromboembolism ) - in the veins , particularly of the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) - in the arteries supplying the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) the frequency of both of these effects was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). unintentional fluid intake into the airway ( aspiration ), build up of excess fluid in the cavity surrounding the lungs ; the frequency was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). accumulation of fluid in the stomach , swelling of the stomach ; the frequency was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). accumulation of fluid in the pancreas : the frequency was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). increase in the levels of fibrinogen in the blood : the frequency was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience any symptoms such as vomiting with blood , blood in your stool , blood in your draining tube from your abdomen , swelling or skin discolouration in your extremities , chest pain and shortness of breath , and / or any other symptoms related to your surgery , please contact your doctor or surgeon immediately . evarrest contains the components of fibrin sealant . fibrin sealants may , in rare cases ( up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), cause an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : swelling under the skin ( angioedema ), skin rash , hives or wheals ( nettle - rash ), tightness of the chest , chills , flushing , headache , low blood pressure , lethargy , nausea , restlessness , increased heart rate , tingling , vomiting , or wheezing . if you experience any of these symptoms after surgery you should consult your doctor or surgeon . there is a also a theoretical possibility that you could develop antibodies to the proteins in evarrest , which could potentially interfere with blood clotting . the frequency of this type of event is not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or surgeon . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , xigris can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . xigris increases the risk of bleeding which can be serious or life - threatening . serious bleeding during the infusion period occurred in 1 % ( 1 in 100 ) of patient with severe sepsis and in 2 . 4 % ( roughly 1 in 40 ) of patients treated with xigris , with most bleeding in both groups occurring in the stomach and bowel . bleeding into the brain was uncommon , occurring in 0 . 2 % ( 1 in 500 ) of patients treated with xigris . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . 5 . storing xigris keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use after the expiry date stated on the label . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). keep the vial in the carton in order to protect it from light . 6 . further information what xigris contains - the active substance is 20 mg of drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) in each vial . drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) is a version of a natural protein in the blood called activated protein c and it is produced by recombinant technology . - the other ingredients are sucrose , sodium chloride , sodium citrate , citric acid , hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide . what xigris looks like and contents of the pack xigris is presented as a powder for solution for infusion in a vial . a vial contains 20 mg of drotrecogin alfa ( activated ). after reconstitution with 10 ml of water for injection each ml contains 2 mg of drotrecogin alfa ( activated ). marketing authorisation holder and manufacturer marketing authorisation holder : eli lilly nederland b . v ., grootslag 1 - 5 , 3991 ra , houten , the netherlands manufacturer : lilly pharma fertigung und distribution gmbh & co . kg , teichweg 3 , d - 35396 giessen , germany . for any information about this medicine , please contact the local representative of the marketing authorisation holder . belgique / belgië / belgien eli lilly benelux s . a ./ n . v . tél / tel : + 32 -( 0 ) 2 548 84 84 luxembourg / luxemburg eli lilly benelux s . a ./ n . v . tél / tel : + 32 -( 0 ) 2 548 84 84 българия тп " ели лили недерланд " б . в . - българия тел . + 359 2 491 41 40 magyarország lilly hungária kft . tel : + 36 1 328 5100 česká republika eli lilly čr , s . r . o . tel : + 420 234 664 111 malta charles de giorgio ltd . tel : + 356 25600 500 danmark eli lilly danmark a / s tlf : + 45 45 26 60 00 nederland eli lilly nederland b . v . tel : + 31 -( 0 ) 30 60 25 800 deutschland lilly deutschland gmbh tel . + 49 -( 0 ) 6172 273 2222 norge eli lilly norge a . s . tlf : + 47 22 88 18 00 eesti eli lilly holdings limited eesti filiaal tel : + 3726441100 österreich eli lilly ges . m . b . h . tel : + 43 -( 0 ) 1 711 780 ελλάδα φαρμασερβ - λιλλυ α . ε . β . ε . τηλ : + 30 210 629 4600 polska eli lilly polska sp . z o . o . tel .: + 48 ( 0 ) 22 440 33 00 40 españa lilly s . a . tel : + 34 - 91 749 76 98 portugal lilly portugal produtos farmacêuticos , lda tel : + 351 - 21 - 4126600 france lilly france sas tél : + 33 -( 0 ) 1 55 49 34 34 românia eli lilly românia s . r . l . tel : + 40 21 4023000 ireland eli lilly and company ( ireland ) limited tel : + 353 -( 0 ) 1 661 4377 slovenija eli lilly farmacevtska družba , d . o . o . tel : + 386 ( 0 ) 1 580 00 10 ísland eli lilly danmark a / s , útibú á íslandi sími : + 354 520 34 00 slovenská republika eli lilly slovakia , s . r . o . tel : + 421 220 663 111 italia eli lilly italia s . p . a . tel : + 39 - 055 42571 suomi / finland oy eli lilly finland ab puh / tel : + 358 -( 0 ) 9 85 45 250 κύπρος phadisco ltd τηλ : + 357 22 715000 sverige eli lilly sweden ab tel : + 46 -( 0 ) 8 7378800 latvija eli lilly holdings limited pārstāvniecība latvijā tel : + 371 7364000 united kingdom eli lilly and company limited tel : + 44 -( 0 ) 1256 315999 lietuva eli lilly holdings limited atstovybė tel . + 370 ( 5 ) 2649600 this leaflet was last approved on { date } this medicine has been authorised under " exceptional circumstances ". this means that for scientific reasons it has been impossible to get complete information on this medicine . the european medicines agency ( emea ) will review any new information on the medicine every year and this leaflet will be updated as necessary . detailed information on this medicine is available on the european medicines agency ( emea ) web site : ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 41 the following information is intended for medical or healthcare professionals only : instructions for use and handling 1 . use appropriate aseptic technique during the preparation of xigris for intravenous administration . 2 . calculate the dose and the number of xigris vials needed . each xigris vial contains 20 mg of drotrecogin alfa ( activated ). the vial contains an excess of drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) to facilitate delivery of the label amount . 3 . prior to administration , 20 mg vials of xigris must be reconstituted with 10 ml of sterile water for injection , resulting in a solution with a concentration of approximately 2 mg / ml drotrecogin alfa ( activated ). slowly add the sterile water for injection to the vial and avoid inverting or shaking the vial . gently swirl each vial until the powder is completely dissolved . 4 . the solution of reconstituted xigris must be further diluted with sterile 0 . 9 % sodium chloride injection . slowly withdraw the appropriate amount of reconstituted drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) solution from the vial . add the reconstituted drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) into a prepared infusion bag of sterile 0 . 9 % sodium chloride injection . when adding the reconstituted drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) into the infusion bag , direct the stream to the side of the bag to minimise the agitation of the solution . gently invert the infusion bag to obtain a homogeneous solution . do not transport the infusion bag between locations using mechanical delivery systems . 5 . after reconstitution , immediate use is recommended . however , the reconstituted solution in the vial may be held for up to 3 hours at room temperature ( 15 to 30ºc ). after preparation , the intravenous infusion solution can be used at room temperature ( 15 to 30ºc ) for a period up to 14 hours . 6 . parenteral drug products should be inspected visually for particulate matter and discolouration prior to administration . 7 . it is recommended that xigris be infused with an infusion pump to accurately control the infusion rate . the solution of reconstituted xigris should be diluted into an infusion bag containing sterile 0 . 9 % sodium chloride injection to a final concentration of between 100 μg / ml and 200 μg / ml . 8 . when administering drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) at low flow rates ( less than approximately 5 ml / hr ), the infusion set must be primed for approximately 15 minutes at a flow rate of approximately 5 ml / hr . 9 . xigris should be administered via a dedicated intravenous line or a dedicated lumen of a multilumen central venous catheter . the only other solutions that can be administered through the same line are 0 . 9 % sodium chloride injection , lactated ringer ' s injection , dextrose or dextrose and saline mixtures . 10 . avoid exposing drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) solutions to heat and / or direct sunlight . no incompatibilities have been observed between drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) and glass infusion bottles or infusion bags made of polyvinylchloride , polyethylene , polypropylene , or polyolefin . the use of other types of infusion sets could have a negative impact on the amount and potency of drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) administered . 11 . care should be taken to administer xigris at the appropriate rate , calculated based on kg of bodyweight and infused for the correct duration . it is recommended that the bag be labelled accordingly . package leaflet : information for the user xigris 5 mg powder for solution for infusion drotrecogin alfa ( activated ) please read all of this leaflet carefully . please remember that you cannot take xigris by yourself because both your illness and the use of this medicine need constant medical care . - keep this leaflet . you may need to read it again . - if you have any further questions , please ask your doctor or your pharmacist . - this medicine has been prescribed for you . do not pass it on to others . it may harm them , even if their symptoms are the same as yours . - if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what xigris is and what it is used for 2 . before you are given xigris 3 . how xigris is used 4 . possible side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : serious side effects infusion related reactions tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any of the following symptoms during your infusion or up to 24 hours after having your infusion : most frequently reported : nausea fatigue dizziness headache diarrhoea fever , flushing or chills vomiting shortness of breath low or high blood pressure heart beating very fast chest discomfort less frequently reported : irregular heartbeat swelling of the throat or airway wheezing , difficulty breathing , tight chest or throat irritation if you get any of the above , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy pml is a very rare and life - threatening brain infection that has been reported with gazyvaro . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you have memory loss trouble speaking difficulty walking problems with your eyesight if you had any of these symptoms before treatment with gazyvaro , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any changes in them . you may need medical treatment . infections you may be more likely to get an infection during and after treatment with gazyvaro . often these are colds , but there have been cases of more severe infections . a type of liver disease called " hepatitis b " has also been reported to reoccur in patients who have had hepatitis b in the past . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any signs of infection during and after your gazyvaro treatment . these include : fever cough chest pain fatigue painful rash sore throat burning pain when passing urine feeling weak or generally unwell if you had recurring or chronic infections before the start of gazyvaro treatment , tell your doctor about it . other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever lung infection headache joint pain , back pain feeling weak feeling tired pain in arms and legs diarrhoea , constipation sleeplessness hair loss , itchiness urinary tract infection , nose and throat inflammation , shingles changes in blood tests : - anaemia ( low levels of red blood cells ) - low levels of all types of white blood cell ( combined ) - low levels of neutrophils ( a type of white blood cell ) - low level of platelets ( a type of blood cell that helps your blood to clot ) infection of upper airways ( infection of nose , pharynx , larynx and sinuses ), cough common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) cold sores depression , anxiety flu ( influenza ) weight increase runny or blocked nose eczema pain in mouth or throat muscle and bone pain in your chest skin cancer ( squamous cell carcinoma , basal cell carcinoma ) bone pain irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) 50 problems with urinating , urinary incontinence high blood pressure problems with digestion ( e . g . heartburn ), haemorrhoids changes shown in blood tests : - low levels of lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cells ), fever associated with low levels of neutrophils ( a type of white blood cells ) - increase in potassium , phosphate or uric acid - which can cause kidney problems ( part of tumour lysis syndrome ) - decrease in potassium uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a hole in the stomach or intestines ( gastrointestinal perforation , especially in cases where the cancer affects the gastrointestinal tubes ) tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to differentiate between unwanted effects caused by zerit , or those caused by any other medicines you may be taking at the same time , or by the complications of the infection . for this reason , it is important that you inform your doctor of any change in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . treatment with stavudine ( zerit ) often causes a loss of fat from legs , arms and face ( lipoatrophy ). this loss of body fat has been shown to be not fully reversible after discontinuation of stavudine . your doctor should monitor for signs of lipoatrophy . tell your doctor if you notice any loss of fat from your legs , arms , and face . when these signs occur , zerit should be stopped and your hiv treatment changed . patients treated with zerit have reported the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) asymptomatic hyperlactatemia ( build up of acid in your blood ) lipoatrophy depression peripheral neurologic symptoms including peripheral neuropathy , paresthesia , and peripheral neuritis ( numbness , weakness , tingling or pain in the arms and legs ) dizziness , abnormal dreams , headache insomnia ( difficulty sleeping ), somnolence ( sleepiness ), abnormal thinking diarrhoea , abdominal pain ( stomach pain of discomfort ) nausea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ) rash , pruritus ( itching ) fatigue ( extreme tiredness ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) lactic acidosis ( build up of acid in your blood ) in some cases involving motor weakness ( weakness in your arms , legs or hands ) gynaecomastia ( breast enlargement in men ) anorexia ( loss of appetite ), anxiety , emotional lability pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ), vomiting hepatitis ( inflamation of the liver ), jaundice ( yellow of the skin or eyes ) urticaria ( itchy rash ), arthralgia ( joint pain ) myalgia ( aching muscles ), asthenia ( unusual tiredness or weakness ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) anemia hyperglycaemia ( high sugar levels in the blood ) hepatic steatosis ( fat in the liver ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) thrombocytopenia , neutropenia ( blood disorders ) diabetes mellitus motor weakness ( most often reported in the setting of symptomatic hyperlacetatemia or lactic acidosis syndrome ) liver failure approved 1 . 0v 62 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . usually side effects caused by entacapone teva are mild to moderate . some of the side effects are often caused by the increased effects of levodopa therapy and are most common at the start of treatment . if you experience such effects at the start of treatment with entacapone teva you should contact your doctor who may decide to adjust your dosage of levodopa . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - uncontrollable movements with difficulty in performing voluntary movements ( dyskinesias ); - feeling sick ( nausea ); - harmless reddish - brown discoloration of urine . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - excessive movements ( hyperkinesias ), worsening of symptoms of parkinson ´ s disease , prolonged muscle cramps ( dystonia ); - being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth ; - dizziness , tiredness , increased sweating , fall ; - hallucinations ( seeing / hearing / feeling / smelling things that are not really there ), sleeplessness , vivid dreams , and confusion ; - heart or artery disease events ( e . g . chest pain ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - heart attack . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - rashes ; - abnormal results in liver function test . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - agitation ; - decreased appetite , weight loss ; - hives . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - inflammation of the colon ( colitis ), inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) with yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ; - discolouration of skin , hair , beard and nails . when entacapone teva is given at higher doses : in doses of 1 , 400 to 2 , 000 mg per day , the following side effects are more common : - uncontrollable movements ; - nausea ; - abdominal pain . other important side effects which may occur : - entacapone teva taken with levodopa may rarely make you feel very drowsy during the day , and cause you to suddenly fall asleep ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms ) is a rare severe reaction to medicines used to treat disorders of the nervous system . it is characterised by stiffness , muscle twitching , shaking , agitation and confusion , coma , high body temperature , increased heart rate and unstable blood pressure ; - a rare severe muscle disorder ( rhabdomyolysis ) which causes pain , tenderness and weakness of the muscles and may lead to kidney problems . you may experience the following side effects : - inability to resist the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; they will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ( very common ) lenalidomide may reduce the number of white blood cells that fight infection , red blood cells which carry oxygen and also the blood cells which help the blood to clot ( platelets ) lenalidomide may also cause blood clots in the veins ( thrombosis ). therefore you must tell your doctor immediately if you experience : fever , chills , sore throat , cough , mouth ulcers or any other symptoms of infection including within the bloodstream ( sepsis ) bleeding or bruising in the absence of injury chest pain or leg pain shortness of breath bone pain , muscle weakness , confusion or tiredness that might be due to high level of calcium in the blood . other side effects it is important to note that a small number of patients may develop additional types of cancer , and it is possible that this risk may be increased with lenalidomide treatment , therefore your doctor should carefully evaluate the benefit and risk when you are prescribed lenalidomide . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): a fall in the number of red blood cells which may cause anaemia leading to tiredness and weakness 86 rashes , itching muscle cramps muscle weakness , muscle pain , muscle aches , bone pain , joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities generalised swelling including swelling of your arms and legs weakness , tiredness fever and flu like symptoms including fever , muscle ache , headache , ear ache , cough and chills numbness , tingling or burning sensation to the skin , pains in hands or feet , dizziness , tremor decreased appetite , change in the way things taste increase in pain , tumour size or redness around the tumour weight loss constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , heartburn low levels of potassium or calcium and / or sodium in the blood thyroid functioning less than it should be leg pain ( which could be a symptom of thrombosis ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the lungs , called pulmonary embolism ) infections of all types , including infection of the sinuses that surround the nose , infection of the lung and the upper respiratory tract shortness of breath blurred vision clouding of your eye ( cataract ) kidney problems which include kidneys not working properly or not being able to maintain normal function abnormal liver test results increase in liver test results changes to a protein in the blood that can cause swelling of the arteries ( vasculitis ) increases in your blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) decreases in your blood sugar levels headache nosebleed dry skin depression , mood change , difficulty sleeping cough a fall in blood pressure a vague feeling of bodily discomfort , feeling bad sore inflamed mouth , dry mouth dehydration common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): destruction of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) certain types of skin tumour bleeding of the gums , stomach , or bowels increased blood pressure , slow , fast or irregular heart beat increase in the amount of a substance which results from normal and abnormal breakdown of red blood cells increase in a type of protein that indicates inflammation in body darkening of your skin , discoloration of your skin resulting from bleeding underneath , typically caused by bruising , swelling of skin filled with blood , bruise increase in uric acid in the blood skin eruptions , redness of skin , cracking , flaking or peeling skin , hives increased sweating , night sweats difficulty swallowing , sore throat , difficulty with voice quality or voice changes runny nose production of much more or much less urine than usual or the inability to control when to urinate passing blood in the urine 87 shortness of breath especially when lying down ( which may be a symptom of heart failure ) difficulty getting an erection stroke , fainting , vertigo ( problem with inner ear which leads to feeling that everything is spinning ), temporary loss of consciousness chest pain spreading to the arms , neck , jaw , back or stomach , feeling sweaty and breathless , feeling sick or vomiting , which may be symptoms of a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) muscle weakness , lack of energy neck pain , chest pain chills joint swelling bile flow from liver slowed or blocked low levels of phosphate or magnesium in the blood difficulty speaking liver injury impaired balance , difficulty moving deafness , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) nerve pain , unpleasant abnormal sensation especially to touch an excess of iron in the body thirst confusion toothache fall which may result in injury uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bleeding within the skull circulatory problems loss of vision loss of sex drive ( libido ) passing large amount of urine with bone pain and weakness , which may be symptoms of a kidney disorder ( fanconi syndrome ) yellow pigmentation to the skin , mucus membrane or eyes ( jaundice ), pale coloured stools , dark coloured urine , skin itch , rash , pain or swelling of the stomach these may be symptoms of injury to the liver ( hepatic failure ) stomach pain , bloating , or diarrhoea , which may be symptoms of inflammation in the large intestine ( called colitis or caecitis ) damage to the cells of the kidney ( called renal tubular necrosis ) changes to the colour of your skin , sensitivity to sunlight hives , rashes , swelling of eyes , mouth or face , difficulty breathing , or itching , which may be symptoms of an allergic reaction tumour lysis syndrome - metabolic complications that can occur during treatment of cancer and sometimes even without treatment . these complications are caused by the break - down products of dying cancer cells and may include the following : changes to blood chemistry ; high potassium , phosphorus , uric acid , and low calcium consequently leading to changes in kidney function , heart beat , seizures , and sometimes death . widespread rash , high body temperature , liver enzyme elevations , blood abnormalities ( eosinophilia ), enlarged lymph nodes and other body organs involvement ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms which is also known as dress or drug hypersensitivity syndrome ). stop using lenalidomide accord if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reaction that may begin as rash in one area but spread with extensive loss of skin over the whole body ( stevens - johnson syndrome and / or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): 88 sudden , or mild but worsening pain in the upper stomach and / or back , which remains for a few days , possibly accompanied by nausea , vomiting , fever and a rapid pulse . these symptoms may be due to inflammation of the pancreas . wheezing , breathlessness or a dry cough , which may be symptoms caused by inflammation of the tissue in the lungs . rare cases of muscle breakdown ( muscle pain , weakness or swelling ) which can lead to kidney problems ( rhabdomyolysis ) have been observed , some of them when lenalidomide is administered with a statin ( a type of cholesterol lowering medicines ). a condition affecting the skin caused by inflammation of small blood vessels , along with pain in the joints and fever ( leukocytoclastic vasculitis ). breakdown of the wall of the stomach or gut . this may lead to very serious infection . tell your doctor if you have severe stomach pain , fever , nausea , vomiting , blood in your stool , or changes in bowel habits . viral infections , including herpes zoster ( also known as ' shingles ', a viral disease that causes a painful skin rash with blisters ) and recurrence of hepatitis b infection ( which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark brown - colored urine , right - sided stomach pain , fever and feeling nauseous or being sick ). rejection of solid organ transplant ( such as kidney , heart ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . nervous system side effects such as dizziness may be higher after a single " loading " dose . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of the following : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache ; feeling dizzy or sick ( nausea ); double vision ( diplopia ). common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people problems in keeping your balance , shaking ( tremor ), tingling ( paresthesia ) or muscle spasms , falling easily and getting bruises ; troubles with your memory , thinking or finding words , confusion ; rapid and uncontrollable movements of the eyes ( nystagmus ), blurred vision ; a spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling drunk ; being sick ( vomiting ), dry mouth , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , diarrhoea ; decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in articulating words , disturbance in attention noise in the ear such as buzzing , ringing or whistling irritability , trouble sleeping , depression ; sleepiness , tiredness or weakness ( asthenia ); itching , rash . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people slow heart rate , palpitations , irregular pulse or other changes in the electrical activity of your heart ( conduction disorder ); exaggerated feeling of wellbeing , seeing and / or hearing things which are not there ; allergic reaction to medicine intake , hives ; blood tests may show abnormal liver function , liver injury ; thoughts of harming or killing yourself or attempting suicide : tell your doctor straight away ; feeling angry or agitated ; abnormal thinking or losing touch with reality ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face , throat , hands , feet , ankles , or lower legs ; fainting . difficulties in coordinating your movements or walking . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from available data abnormal rapid heartbeat ( ventricular tachyarrhythmia ); a sore throat , high temperature and getting more infections than usual . blood tests may show a severe decrease in a specific class of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ); a serious skin reaction which may include a high temperature and other flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face , extended rash , swollen glands ( enlarged lymph nodes ). blood tests may show increased levels of liver enzymes and a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ); a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ); convulsion . additional side effects in children common : may affect up to 1 in 10 children runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ); fever ( pyrexia ); sore throat ( pharyngitis ); eating less than usual ; uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 children feeling sleepy or lacking in energy ( lethargy ). not known : frequency cannot be estimated from available data changes in behaviour , not acting like themselves . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . this medicine may also affect the results of some blood tests . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling weak or tired ( fatigue ) - pain ( including mouth pain , abdominal pain , headache , bone pain , tumour pain ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - flushed or painful palms or soles ( hand foot skin reaction ) - itching or rash - throwing up ( vomiting ) - bleeding ( including bleeding in the brain , gut wall and respiratory tract ; haemorrhage ) - high blood pressure , or increases in blood pressure ( hypertension ) - infections - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - constipation - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - fever - weight loss - dry skin 31 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - flu - like illness - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - difficulty swallowing ( dysphagia ) - inflamed or dry mouth , tongue pain ( stomatitis and mucosal inflammation ) - low calcium levels in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - low potassium levels in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) - low blood sugar level ( hypoglycaemia ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - disturbed sensations in fingers and toes , including tingling or numbness ( peripheral sensory neuropathy ) - depression - erection problems ( impotence ) - altered voice ( dysphonia ) - acne - inflamed , dry or scaly skin that sheds ( dermatitis , skin desquamation ) - heart failure - heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) or chest pain - tinnitus ( ringing sound in the ear ) - kidney failure - abnormally high levels of protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - general weakness or loss of strength ( asthenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia and neutropenia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - inflammation of hair follicles ( folliculitis ) - underactive thyroid gland ( hypothyroidism ) - low sodium levels in the blood ( hyponatraemia ) - distortion of the sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) - red in the face and often other areas of the skin ( flushing ) - runny nose ( rhinorrhoea ) - heartburn ( gastro oesophageal reflux disease ) - skin cancer ( keratoacanthomas / squamous cell cancer of the skin ) - a thickening of the outer layer of the skin ( hyperkeratosis ) - a sudden , involuntary contraction of a muscle ( muscle spasms ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - inflamed stomach lining ( gastritis ) - pain in the tummy ( abdomen ) caused by pancreatitis , inflammation of the gall bladder and / or bile ducts - yellow skin or eyes ( jaundice ) caused by high levels of bile pigments ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) - allergic like reactions ( including skin reactions and hives ) - dehydration - enlarged breasts ( gynaecomastia ) - breathing difficulty ( lung disease ) - eczema - overactive thyroid gland ( hyperthyroidism ) - multiple skin eruptions ( erythema multiforme ) - abnormally high blood pressure - holes in the gut wall ( gastrointestinal perforation ) - reversible swelling in the rear part of the brain that can be associated with headache , altered consciousness , fits and visual symptoms including visual loss ( reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy ) - a sudden , severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) 32 rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - allergic reaction with swelling of the skin ( e . g . face , tongue ) that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - inflammation of the liver , which may lead to nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , and jaundice ( drug induced hepatitis ) - a sunburn - like rash that may occur on skin that has previously been exposed to radiotherapy and can be severe ( radiation recall dermatitis ) - serious reactions of the skin and / or mucous membranes which may include painful blisters and fever , including extensive detachment of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - abnormal muscle breakdown which can lead to kidney problems ( rhabdomyolysis ) - damage of the kidney causing them to leak large amounts of protein ( nephrotic syndrome ) - inflammation of the vessels in the skin which may result in rash ( leucocytoclastic vasculitis ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - impaired brain function that can be associated with e . g . drowsiness , behavioural changes , or confusion ( encephalopathy ) - an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , trudexa can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 5 months after the last treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : severe rash , hives or other signs of allergic reaction ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , malaise , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness . the symptoms described above can be signs of the below listed side effects , which have been observed with trudexa : very common (≥ 1 / 10 patients ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ). common (≥ 1 / 100 and < 1 / 10 patients ): lower respiratory tract infections ( such as bronchitis , pneumonia ); upper respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection ); urinary tract infection , cold blisters , shingles ; dizziness , including vertigo , headache ; eye inflammation ; cough , sore throat ; nausea , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , mouth ulcers ; elevated liver enzymes ; rash , itching , hair loss ; fatigue ; fever . uncommon (≥ 1 / 1000 and < 1 / 100 patients ): serious infections ( such as sepsis [ blood poisoning ]), joint infection , fungal infections ; skin wart ; anaemia , low white blood cell counts ; allergic reactions ; increased lipid values , appetite disorders ; anxiety , depression , feeling sleepy and difficulty sleeping ; nerve disorders ( such as multiple sclerosis and eye nerve inflammation ), taste disturbances ; vision disturbances ; ear discomfort ; sensation of heart beating rapidly , high blood pressure ; 128 asthma , shortness of breath ; abdominal symptoms ( such as vomiting , indigestion , constipation ) rectal bleeding ; skin disorders ( such as psoriasis , eczema or infections ), itchy rash , slow wound healing ; muscle weakness ; urinary disturbances ( such as blood in urine , increased urinary frequency ); increased menstrual bleeding ; flu like symptoms , chest pain , swelling of the feet . rare (< 1 / 1000 ) glaucoma ; skin cancer ; thyroid disorders ; protein in urine . other side effects that have been observed in patients taking trudexa : tuberculosis and other opportunistic infections ( infections that occur when resistance to disease is lowered ); lung disease . if any side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . 5 . how to store trudexa keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use the trudexa vial after the expiry date stated on the label / blister / carton after exp :. the expiry date refers to the last day of that month . store in a refrigerator ( 2 8 ). keep the vial in the outer carton . do not freeze . 6 . further information trudexa 40 mg solution for injection in vials is supplied as a sterile solution of 40 mg adalimumab dissolved in 0 . 8 ml solution . what trudexa contains the active substance is adalimumab . the other ingredients are mannitol , citric acid monohydrate , sodium citrate , sodium dihydrogen phosphate dihydrate , disodium phosphate dihydrate , sodium chloride , polysorbate 80 , sodium hydroxide and water for injections . what the trudexa vial looks like and contents of the pack the trudexa vial is a glass vial containing a solution of adalimumab . each pack contains 1 vial with an empty sterile syringe and 2 alcohol pads . trudexa is also available as a pre - filled syringe or a pre - filled pen . marketing authorisation holder abbott laboratories ltd queenborough kent me11 5el united kingdom manufacturer abbott biotechnology deutschland gmbh max - planck - ring 2 d 65205 wiesbaden germany for any information about this medicinal product , please contact the local representative of the marketing authorisation holder . belgië / belgique / belgien abbott sa parc scientifique rue du bosquet , 2 b - 1348 ottignies / louvain - la - neuve tél / tel : + 32 10 475311 luxembourg / luxemburg abbott sa parc scientifique rue du bosquet , 2 b - 1348 ottignies / louvain - la - neuve belgique / belgien tél / tel : + 32 10 475311 българия т . п . абот лабораторис с . а . ул . оборище № 45 софия 1504 teл .: + 359 2 846 8429 magyarország abbott laboratories ( magyarország ) kft . teve u . 1 / a - c . h - 1139 budapest tel .: + 36 1 465 2100 česká republika abbott laboratories s . r . o . hadovka office park evropská 2590 / 33d cz - 160 00 praha 6 tel : + 420 267 292 111 malta v . j . salomone pharma limited 79 , simpson street , marsa hmr 14 , malta . tel : + 356 22983201 danmark abbott laboratories a / s smakkedalen 6 dk - 2820 gentofte tlf : + 45 39 77 - 00 - 00 nederland abbott bv siriusdreef 51 nl - 2132 wt hoofddorp tel : + 31 ( 0 ) 23 5544400 deutschland abbott gmbh & co . kg max - planck - ring 2 d - 65205 wiesbaden tel : + 49 ( 0 ) 6122 58 - 0 norge abbott norge as po box 1 , n - 1330 fornebu martin linges vei 25 , n - 1367 snarøya tlf : + 47 81 55 99 20 eesti abbott laboratories baltics vienibas 87h lv - 1004 riia läti tel : + 371 7605580 österreich abbott ges . m . b . h . perfektastrasse 84a a - 1230 wien tel : + 43 1 891 - 22 130 ελλάδα abbott laboratories ( ελλας ) α . β . ε . ε . λεωφόρος βουλιαγµένης 512 gr 174 56 άλιµος , αθήνα τηλ : + 30 21 0 9985 - 222 polska abbott laboratories poland sp . z o . o . ul . domaniewska 41 pl - 02 - 672 warszawa tel .: + 48 22 606 - 10 - 50 españa abbott laboratories , s . a . avenida de burgos , 91 e - 28050 madrid tel : + 34 9 1 337 - 5200 portugal abbott laboratórios , lda . estrada de alfragide , nº 67 alfrapark , edifício d , p - 2610 - 008 amadora tel : + 351 ( 0 ) 21 472 7100 france abbott france 10 , rue d ' arcueil bp 90233 f - 94528 rungis cedex tél : + 33 ( 0 ) 1 45 60 25 00 românia abbott laboratories s . a . bucharest business park şos . bucureşti - ploieşti 1a corp b , etaj 3 , sector 1 013681 bucureşti tel : + 40 21 529 30 00 ireland abbott laboratories , ireland , ltd 4051 kingswood drive citywest business campus irl dublin 24 , tel : + 353 ( 0 ) 1 469 - 1500 slovenija abbott laboratories d . o . o . dunajska 22 si - 1000 ljubljana tel : + 386 ( 1 ) 43 22 322 ísland vistor hf . hörgatún 2 is - 210 garðabær tel : + 354 535 7000 slovenská republika abbott laboratories slovakia s . r . o . trnavská cesta 70 sk - 821 02 bratislava 2 tel : + 421 ( 0 ) 2 4445 4176 italia abbott spa i - 04010 campoverde di aprilia ( latina ) tel : + 39 06 928921 suomi / finland abbott oy pihatörmä 1a / gårdsbrinken 1b fin - 02240 espoo / esbo puh / tel : + 358 ( 0 ) 9 7518 4120 κύπρος lifepharma ( z . a . m .) ltd θεοτόκη 4β 1055 λευκωσία τηλ .: + 357 22 34 74 40 sverige abbott scandinavia ab box 509 / gårdsvägen 8 s - 169 29 solna / s - 169 70 solna tel : + 46 ( 0 ) 8 5465 67 00 latvija abbott laboratories baltics vienibas 87h lv - 1004 rīga tel : + 371 7605580 united kingdom abbott laboratories ltd abbott house unit 2 , vanwall road vanwall business park maidenhead berkshire sl6 4xe - uk tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 1628 773355 lietuva abbott laboratories baltics 131 vienibas 87h lv - 1004 rīga latvia tel : + 371 7605580 this leaflet was last approved in { mm / yyyy } 132 package leaflet : information for the user trudexa 40 mg solution for injection in pre - filled syringe adalimumab read all of this leaflet carefully before you start using this medicine . − keep this leaflet . you may need to read it again . − your doctor will also give you a patient alert card , which contains important safety information that you need to be aware of before you are given trudexa and during treatment with trudexa . keep this patient alert card together with the package leaflet . − if you have any further questions , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . − this medicine has been prescribed for you . do not pass it on to others . it may harm them , even if their symptoms are the same as yours . − if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what trudexa is and what it is used for 2 . before you use trudexa 3 . how to use trudexa 4 . possible side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . systemic allergy is rare (≥ 1 / 10 , 000 to < 1 / 1 , 000 ). the symptoms are as follows : rash over the whole body blood pressure dropping difficulty in breathing heart beating fast wheezing sweating . if you think you are having this sort of insulin allergy with liprolog , tell your doctor at once . local allergy is common (≥ 1 / 100 to < 1 / 10 ). some people get redness , swelling or itching around the area of the insulin injection . this usually clears up in anything from a few days to a few weeks . if this happens to you , tell your doctor . lipodystrophy ( thickening or pitting of the skin ) is uncommon (≥ 1 / 1 , 000 to < 1 / 100 ). if you notice your skin thickening or pitting at the injection site , tell your doctor . oedema ( e . g . swelling in arms , ankles ; fluid retention ) has been reported , particularly at the start of insulin therapy or during a change in therapy to improve control of your blood glucose . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common problems of diabetes a . hypoglycaemia hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) means there is not enough sugar in the blood . this can be caused if : you take too much liprolog or other insulin ; you miss or delay meals or change your diet ; you exercise or work too hard just before or after a meal ; you have an infection or illness ( especially diarrhoea or vomiting ); there is a change in your need for insulin ; or you have trouble with your kidneys or liver which gets worse . alcohol and some medicines can affect your blood sugar levels . the first symptoms of low blood sugar usually come on quickly and include the following : tiredness rapid heartbeat nervousness or shakiness feeling sick headache cold sweat . while you are not confident about recognising your warning symptoms , avoid situations , e . g . driving a car , in which you or others would be put at risk by hypoglycaemia . b . hyperglycaemia and diabetic ketoacidosis hyperglycaemia ( too much sugar in the blood ) means that your body does not have enough insulin . hyperglycaemia can be brought about by : not taking your liprolog or other insulin ; taking less insulin than your doctor tells you to ; eating a lot more than your diet allows ; or fever , infection or emotional stress . hyperglycaemia can lead to diabetic ketoacidosis . the first symptoms come on slowly over many hours or days . the symptoms include the following : feeling sleepy no appetite flushed face fruity smell on the breath thirst feeling or being sick . severe symptoms are heavy breathing and a rapid pulse . get medical help immediately . c . illness if you are ill , especially if you feel sick or are sick , the amount of insulin you need may change . even when you are not eating normally , you still need insulin . test your urine or blood , follow your ' sick rules ', and tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea ( feeling sick ) and vomiting not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): high potassium levels seen in blood tests , abdominal ( belly ) pain , headache , dizziness and flushing . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop using rebif if you experience any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions . if , immediately following rebif administration you experience a sudden difficulty breathing , which may appear in association with swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , nettle rash , itching all over the body , and a feeling of weakness or faintness , contact your doctor immediately or seek urgent medical attention . these reactions are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). inform your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following possible symptoms of a liver problem : jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or of the whites of the eyes ), widespread itching , loss of appetite accompanied by nausea and vomiting and easy bruising of the skin . severe liver problems can be associated with additional signs , e . g . difficulty concentrating , sleepiness and confusion . depression is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in treated patients with multiple sclerosis . if you feel depressed or develop thoughts of suicide , report it immediately to your doctor . talk to your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : flu - like symptoms , such as headache , fever , chills , muscle and joint pains , fatigue and nausea are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). these symptoms are usually mild , are more common at the start of the treatment and decrease with continued use . to help reduce these symptoms your doctor may advise you to take a fever reducing painkiller before a dose of rebif and then for 24 hours after each injection . injection site reactions including redness , swelling , discoloration , inflammation , pain and skin breakdown are very common . the occurrence of injection site reactions usually decreases over time . tissue destruction ( necrosis ), abscess and mass at injection site are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). see recommendations in section " warnings and precautions " to minimise the risk of injection site reactions . the injection site can become infected ( uncommon ); the skin may become swollen tender and hard and the whole area could be very painful . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor for advice . certain laboratory tests may change . these changes are generally not noticed by the patient ( no symptoms ), are usually reversible and mild , and most often do not require particular treatment . the number of red blood cells , white blood cells or platelets may decrease either individually ( very common ) or all at one time ( rare ). possible symptoms resulting from these changes could include tiredness , reduced ability to fight infection , bruising or unexplained bleeding . liver function tests may be disturbed ( very common ). inflammation of the liver has also been reported ( uncommon ). if you experience symptoms suggesting a liver disorder , such as loss of appetite accompanied by other symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , jaundice , please contact your doctor immediately ( see above " tell your doctor immediately ..."). thyroid dysfunction is uncommon . the thyroid gland may function either excessively , or insufficiently . these changes in the thyroid activity are almost always not felt by the patient as symptoms ; however your doctor may recommend testing as appropriate . ms pseudo - relapse ( frequency not known ): there is a possibility that at the beginning of your treatment with rebif you may experience symptoms that resemble those of a multiple sclerosis relapse . for example , your muscles may feel very tense or very weak , preventing you from moving as you want . in some cases such symptoms are associated with fever or flu - like symptoms described above . if you notice any of these side effects talk to your doctor . other possible side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): insomnia ( sleeping difficulty ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting itching , rash ( skin eruptions ) muscle and joints pain fatigue , fever , chills hair loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): hives epileptic seizures liver inflammation ( hepatitis ) breathing difficulties blood clots such as deep venous thrombosis disorders of the retina ( back of the eye ) such as inflammation or blood clots with consequent vision disorders ( vision disturbances , loss of vision ) increased sweating rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): suicide attempt serious skin reactions - some with mucosal lesions 157 blood clots in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uremic syndrome ). symptoms may include increased bruising , bleeding , fever , extreme weakness , headache , dizziness or light - headedness . your doctor may find changes in your blood and the function of your kidneys . drug - induced lupus erythematosus : a side - effect of long - term use of rebif . symptoms may include muscle pain , joint pain and swelling , and rash . you may also experience other signs such as fever , weight loss , and fatigue . usually symptoms disappear within one or two weeks after treatment is stopped . kidney problems including scarring that may reduce your kidney function . if you get some or all of these symptoms : - foamy urine - fatigue - swelling , particularly in the ankles and eyelids , and weight gain . tell your doctor as they may be signs of a possible kidney problem . the following side effects were reported for interferon beta ( frequency not known ) dizziness nervousness loss of appetite dilatation of the blood vessels and palpitation irregularities and / or changes in menstrual flow . pulmonary arterial hypertension - a disease of severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . pulmonary arterial hypertension has been seen at various time points during treatment , including several years after starting treatment with rebif . inflammation of the fatty tissue under the skin ( panniculitis ), which can make the skin feel hard and possibly develop painful red lumps or patches . you should not stop or alter the medication without your doctor ' s advice . children and teenagers side effects in children and teenagers are similar to those observed in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately or go to an emergency department nearby if the following rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects occur , because a serious allergic reaction might follow : anaphylactic reactions , drug hypersensitivity ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ") potentially life - threatening skin rashes characterised by formation of blisters and shedding of the skin and inner surfaces of body cavities , e . g . mouth and genitals , painful ulcers in the mouth and / or genital areas , accompanied by fever , sore throat and fatigue ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ), or by enlarged lymph nodes , liver enlargement , hepatitis ( up to liver failure ), raising of the white - cells count in the blood ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms - dress ) ( see section 2 ) generalised skin rashes the common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : abnormal liver test results diarrhoea headache rash ( including various types of rash , please see below under " uncommon " and " rare " sections ) nausea increase in gout symptoms localised swelling due to retention of fluids in tissues ( oedema ) other side effects which are not mentioned above are listed below . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : decreased appetite , change in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) of which a symptom may be excessive thirst , increased blood fat levels , weight increase loss of sex drive difficulty in sleeping , sleepiness dizziness , numbness , tingling , reduced or altered sensation ( hypoesthesia , hemiparesis or paraesthesia ), altered sense of taste , diminished sense of smell ( hyposmia ) abnormal ecg heart tracing , irregular or rapid heartbeats , feeling your heart beat ( palpitation ) hot flushes or flushing ( e . g . redness of the face or neck ), increased blood pressure , bleeding ( hemorrhage , seen only in patients taking chemotherapy for blood disorders ) 48 cough , shortness of breath , chest discomfort or pain , inflammation of nasal passage and / or throat ( upper respiratory tract infection ), bronchitis dry mouth , abdominal pain / discomfort or wind , heartburn / indigestion , constipation , more frequent passing of stools , vomiting , stomach discomfort itching , hives , skin inflammation , skin discoloration , small red or purple spots on the skin , small , flat red spots on the skin , flat , red area on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , rash , areas of redness and spots on the skin , other type of skin conditions muscle cramp , muscle weakness , pain / ache in muscles / joints , bursitis or arthritis ( inflammation of joints usually accompanied by pain , swelling and / or stiffness ), pain in extremity , back pain , muscle spasm blood in the urine , abnormal frequent urination , abnormal urine tests ( increased level of proteins in the urine ), a reduction in the ability of the kidneys to function properly fatigue , chest pain , chest discomfort stones in the gallbladder or in bile ducts ( cholelithiasis ) increase in blood thyroid stimulating hormone ( tsh ) level changes in blood chemistry or amount of blood cells or platelets ( abnormal blood test results ) kidney stones erectile difficulties rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : muscle damage , a condition which on rare occasions can be serious . it may cause muscle problems and particularly , if at the same time , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an abnormal muscle breakdown . contact your doctor immediately if you experience muscle pain , tenderness or weakness severe swelling of the deeper layers of the skin , especially around the lips , eyes , genitals , hands , feet or tongue , with possible sudden difficult breathing high fever in combination with measles - like skin rash , enlarged lymph nodes , liver enlargement , hepatitis ( up to liver failure ), raising of the white - cells count in the blood ( leukocytosis , with or without eosinophilia ) reddening of the skin ( erythema ), rash in various types ( e . g . itchy , with white spots , with blisters , with blisters containing pus , with shedding of the skin , measles - like rash ), widespread erythema , necrosis , and bullous detachment of the epidermis and mucous membranes , resulting in exfoliation and possible sepsis ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) nervousness feeling thirsty ringing in the ears blurred vision , change in vision hair loss mouth ulceration inflammation of the pancreas : common symptoms are abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting increased sweating weight decrease , increased appetite , uncontrolled loss of appetite ( anorexia ) muscle and / or joint stiffness abnormally low blood cell counts ( white or red blood cells or platelets ) urgent need to urinate changes or decrease in urine amount due to inflammation in the kidneys ( tubulointerstitial nephritis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) liver damage increased level of creatine phosphokinase in blood ( an indicator of muscle damage ) sudden cardiac death reporting of side effects 49 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if any of the following happen , tell your doctor straight away : allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , light - headedness ). other possible side effects of copalia : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): influenza ( flu ); blocked nose , sore throat and discomfort when swallowing ; headache ; swelling of arms , hands , legs , ankles or feet ; tiredness ; asthenia ( weakness ); redness and warm feeling of the face and / or neck . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness ; nausea and abdominal pain ; dry mouth ; drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; vertigo ; fast heart beat including palpitations ; dizziness on standing up ; cough ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; skin rash , redness of the skin ; joint swelling , back pain ; pain in joints . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): feeling anxious ; ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ); fainting ; passing more urine than normal or feeling more of an urge to pass urine ; inability to get or maintain an erection ; sensation of heaviness ; low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , light - headedness ; excessive sweating ; skin rash all over your body ; itching ; muscle spasm . if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported with amlodipine or valsartan alone and either not observed with copalia or observed with a higher frequency than with copalia : amlodipine consult a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following very rare , severe side effects after taking this medicine : - sudden wheeziness , chest pain , shortness of breath or difficulty in breathing . - swelling of eyelids , face or lips . - swelling of the tongue and throat which causes great difficulty breathing . - severe skin reactions including intense skin rash , hives , reddening of the skin over your whole body , severe itching , blistering , peeling and swelling of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other allergic reactions . - heart attack , abnormal heart beat . - inflamed pancreas , which may cause severe abdominal and back pain accompanied with feeling of being very unwell . the following side effects have been reported . if any of these cause you problems or if they last for more than one week , you should contact your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness ; palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ); flushing , ankle swelling ( oedema ); abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): mood changes , anxiety , depression , sleeplessness , trembling , taste abnormalities , fainting , loss of pain sensation ; visual disturbances , visual impairment , ringing in the ears ; low blood pressure ; sneezing / runny nose caused by inflammation of the lining of the nose ( rhinitis ); indigestion , vomiting ( being sick ); hair loss , increased sweating , itchy skin , skin discolouration ; disorder in passing urine , increased need to urinate at night , increased number of times of passing urine ; inability to obtain an erection , discomfort or enlargement of the breasts in men , pain , feeling unwell , muscle pain , muscle cramps ; weight increase or decrease . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): confusion . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets which may result in unusual brusing or easy bleeding ( red blood cell damage ); excess sugar in blood ( hyperglycaemia ); swelling of the gums , abdominal bloating ( gastritis ); abnormal liver function , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), liver enzyme increase which may have an effect on some medical tests ; increased muscle tension ; inflammation of blood vessels often with skin rash , sensitivity to light ; disorders combining rigidity , tremor and / or movement disorders . valsartan not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease in red blood cells , fever , sore throat or mouth sores due to infections ; spontaneous bleeding or bruising ; high level of potassium in the blood ; abnormal liver test results ; decreased renal functions and severely decreased renal functions ; swelling mainly of the face and the throat ; muscle pain ; rash , purplish - red spots ; fever ; itching ; allergic reaction ; blistering skin ( sign of a condition called dermatitis bullous ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any of the following side effects , contact your doctor immediately : - symptoms that could indicate low counts of platelets in your blood ( platelets are cells important for blood clotting ). you should see your doctor immediately if you have any signs of low platelet levels , such as unusual or prolonged bleeding , patches of red appearing on the skin ( called petechiae ), unexplained bruising , bleeding which will not stop , or nosebleeds , or if you get neck stiffness or a severe headache . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - - injection site reactions ( pain , redness , heat , dryness , swelling , itching , tingling , hardening , pimpling , bruising , bleeding , numbness , change in colour or a burning feeling at the injection site ). you can reduce the likelihood of having injection site reaction if you wait for waylivra to reach room temperature before injecting , and by applying ice to the injection site after injecting . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests showing unusually high or low levels of white blood cells in your blood - easy or excessive bruising , or bruising without an obvious cause - bleeding under the skin that appears as a rash , bleeding from the gums or mouth , blood in the urine or stools , nosebleed , or unusually heavy menstrual period - an allergic reaction , the symptoms of which include skin rash , joint stiffness or fever - blood or protein in the urine - changes to the results of some blood tests , including : o an increase in the level of some constituents in your blood : creatinine , urea , transaminases , liver enzymes o an increase in blood clotting time o a fall in levels of haemoglobin in your blood o a fall in the rate of blood passing through the kidneys - diabetes , the symptoms of which include increased thirst , frequent need to pass urine ( particularly ar night ), extreme hunger , severe tiredness , and unexplained weight loss - difficulty sleeping - headaches , numbness , tingling or pins and needles , feeling faint or fainting , dizziness or shaking - visual disturbances , such as flashing lights or brief , temporary blindness in one eye , bleeding under the surface of the eye , or blurred vision - high blood pressure - hot flush , increased sweating , night sweats , chills , feeling hot , pain , flu - like illness or a general feeling of being unwell - cough , difficulty breathing , a blocked nose , swelling of the throat , wheezing - feeling or being sick , dry mouth , diarrhoea , swelling of the neck , face or gums , stomach pain or swelling , indigestion - skin redness , rash , pimples , thickening or scarring , or itchiness of the skin known as ' hives ' ( urticaria ) - muscle pain , pain in the hands or feet , joint pain or stiffness , back pain , neck pain , jaw pain , muscle spasms , or other body pains - - severe tiredness ( fatigue ), weakness or lack of energy , fluid retention , chest pain unrelated to the heart reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . fibrin sealants may , in rare cases ( up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), cause an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : skin rash , hives or wheals ( nettle - rash ), tightness of the chest , chills , flushing , headache , low blood pressure , lethargy , nausea , restlessness , increased heart rate , tingling , vomiting or wheezing . if you experience any symptoms such as vomiting with blood , blood in your stool , blood in your draining tube from your abdomen , swelling or skin discolouration in your extremities , chest pain and shortness of breath , and / or any other symptoms related to your surgery , please contact your doctor or surgeon immediately . there is also a possibility that you could develop antibodies to the proteins in raplixa , which could potentially interfere with blood clotting . the frequency of the type of event is not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ). the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itch difficulty sleeping reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . ireland hpra pharmacovigilance earlsfort terrace irl - dublin 2 tel : + 353 1 6764971 fax : + 353 1 6762517 website : e - mail : medsafety @ hpra . ie united kingdom yellow card scheme website :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking duavive and see a doctor immediately if you get any of the following serious side effects : uncommon : may affect 1 in 100 people if you begin to get migraine - like headaches , or severe headaches rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people signs of a blood clot , such as painful swelling and redness of the legs , sudden chest pain or difficulty in breathing . signs of a blood clot in the eye ( retinal vein ), such as one sided visual disturbance including loss of vision , pain and swelling of the eye especially if sudden . a severe allergic reaction - symptoms may include sudden wheezing and chest pain or tightness , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , collapse swelling of the eyes , nose , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , severe dizziness or fainting , skin rash ( symptoms of angioedema ) symptoms of pancreatitis which may include severe upper abdominal pain which may spread to your back , accompanied by abdominal swelling , fever , nausea and vomiting abrupt onset of abdominal pain and passage of bright red blood in the stool , with or without diarrhoea due to sudden blockage of an artery supplying the intestines ( ischaemic 36 colitis ) a heart attack - symptoms will usually include pain , including chest pain spreading to the jaw , neck and upper arm . you may feel sweaty , breathless , fatigued , nauseous and faint in addition to the pain very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people a large rise in your blood pressure ( symptoms may be headache , tiredness , dizziness ) erythema multiforme : symptoms may include skin rash with pink - red blotches especially on palms of hands or soles of feet which may blister . you may also have ulcers in the mouth , eyes or genitals and have a fever not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data other ocular reactions ( seeing sparks or flashes of light , narrowing of visual field , and swelling of eye or eye lid ) other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people abdominal pain ( stomach ache ) common : may affect 1 in 10 people muscle spasms ( including leg cramps ) constipation diarrhoea nausea thrush ( vaginal yeast infection ) increases in your triglyceride levels ( fatty substances in the blood ) uncommon : may affect 1 in 100 people gall bladder disease ( e . g . gallstones , inflammation of the gall bladder ( cholecystitis )) the following side effects have been observed when either conjugated oestrogens and / or bazedoxifene ( the active ingredients in this medicine ) has been used alone and may occur also with this medicine : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people hot flushes muscle cramps visible swelling of the face , hands , legs , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) common : may affect 1 in 10 people breast pain , breast tenderness , swollen breasts discharge from the nipples joint pain alopecia ( hair loss ) changes in weight ( increase or decrease ) increases in liver enzymes ( identified in routine liver function testing ) dry mouth drowsiness hives ( urticaria ) rash itching uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people vaginal inflammation vaginal discharge 37 cervical erosion found on medical examination blood clot in the leg veins blood clot in the lungs blood clot in a vein at the back of the eye ( retinal vein ) which may lead to loss of vision nausea ( feeling sick ) headache migraine dizziness changes in mood feeling nervous depression memory loss ( dementia ) changes in your interest in sex ( increased or decreased libido ) discolouration of the skin on the face or other parts of the body increase in hair growth difficulty wearing contact lenses rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people pelvic pain changes in breast tissue vomiting feeling irritable an effect on the way in which your blood sugar ( glucose ) levels are controlled including increased glucose levels in the blood a worsening of asthma a worsening of epilepsy ( seizures ) growth of benign meningioma , a non - cancerous tumour of the membranes around the brain or spinal cord very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people painful red bumps on the skin a worsening of chorea ( an existing neurological disorder characterised by involuntary spasmodic movements of the body ) enlargement of hepatic haemangiomas , a benign ( non - cancerous ) tumour of the liver low levels of blood calcium ( hypocalcaemia ); frequently there will be no symptoms to suggest that your blood calcium is low , but when hypocalcaemia is severe you may feel tired , generally unwell , depressed and become dehydrated . this may be accompanied by bone pain and abdominal pain . kidney stones may develop and cause severe pain in the mid - back region ( renal colic ). worsening of porphyria , a rare blood disorder which is passed down in families ( inherited ). not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) dry eye , eye pain , visual acuity reduced , visual impairment , blepharospasm ( abnormal , involuntary blinking or spasm of the eyelids ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , livensa can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience hair loss ( a common side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), enlargement of the clitoris ( an uncommon side effect which may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), an increase in the amount of hair on the chin or upper lip ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), voice deepening or hoarseness ( a common side effect ), although these side effects may be mild . they are usually reversible if livensa treatment is discontinued . you should self assess for increased acne ( a common side effect ), increased hair growth on your face , loss of hair , deepening of your voice or enlargement of your clitoris , which all could be signs of side effects of testosterone , which is the active substance in livensa . - if you notice any skin reactions at the site of application ( a very common side effect ) such as redness , oedema , or blistering . in case of severe application site reaction , the treatment should be discontinued . other common side effects most of them are mild in nature and reversible . - migraine - insomnia / inability to sleep properly - breast pain - weight gain - stomach pain other uncommon side effects most of them are mild in nature and reversible . - sinusitis ( inflammation of nasal sinus ) - abnormal clotting factor - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - increased appetite - agitation 23 - anxiety - disturbance in attention - dysgeusia ( distorted sense of taste ) - impaired balance - hyperaesthesia ( abnormal increase in sensitivity to stimuli of the senses ) - oral paraesthesia ( tingling or numb sensation in the mouth ) - transient ischemic attack ( mini stroke ) - diplopia ( double vision ) - eye redness - palpitations ( rapid and irregular heart beat ) - nasal congestion - throat tightness - diarrhoea - dry mouth - nausea - eczema - increased sweating - rosacea ( redness of the face ) - arthritis - breast cyst - clitoral engorgement - genital pruritus ( genital itching sensation ) - vaginal burning sensation - anasarca ( widespread swelling of the skin ) - asthenia ( lack of energy and strength ) - chest tightness - chest discomfort - abnormal blood fibrinogen ( abnormal blood clotting ) - increased heart rate - increased alanine aminotransferase , increased aspartate aminotransferase , increased blood bilirubin , abnormal liver function test , increased blood triglycerides ( all measures of liver function ). if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding 26 in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel ratiopharm . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel ratiopharm are : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste of food . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . speak to your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms of serious infections including : − an unexplained fever − severe diarrhoea − shortness of breath − prolonged dizziness − headache − weight loss − listlessness − impaired vision − pain or redness of the eye ( s ) a group of symptoms caused by a serious infection of the brain including : changes in personality and behaviour such as confusion , delirium or loss of consciousness , seizures ( fits ), headache , nausea / vomiting , stiff neck , extreme sensitivity to bright light , fever , rash ( anywhere on the body ). these symptoms may be caused by an infection of the brain ( encephalitis ) or its covering layer ( meningitis ). signs of allergy to tysabri , during or shortly after your infusion : itchy rash ( hives ) swelling of your face , lips or tongue difficulty breathing chest pain or discomfort increase or decrease in your blood pressure ( your doctor or nurse will notice this if they are monitoring your blood pressure ). signs of a possible liver problem : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes unusual darkening of the urine . tysabri can also have other side effects . side effects are listed below by how commonly they have been reported in clinical trials : very common side effects that may affect more than 1 in 10 people : urinary tract infection sore throat and runny or blocked up nose headache dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ) joint pain tiredness common side effects that may affect up to 1 in 10 people : shivering itchy rash ( hives ) being sick ( vomiting ) 38 fever uncommon side effects that may affect up to 1 in 100 people : severe allergy ( hypersensitivity ) progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ) rare side effects that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : unusual infections ( so - called " opportunistic infections ") severe anaemia ( decrease in your red blood cells which can make your skin pale and can make you feel breathless or lacking energy ) speak to your doctor as soon as possible if you think you have an infection . show the alert card and this package leaflet to any doctor involved with your treatment , not only to your neurologist . you will also find this information in the patient alert card you have been given by your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . patients aged 65 and over are more likely to be affected by side effects . seek medical attention immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects . if abnormal results from blood tests are received , a doctor should be contacted immediately . serious side effects ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): lung infection ( may cause breathing difficulty ) pancreas inflammation . inform your doctor immediately if pancreas inflammation occurs . symptoms are severe pain in the stomach and back . fever , often with other signs of infection due to decreased number of white blood cells heart attack ( symptoms include : sudden feeling of increased heart rate , chest pain , breathlessness ) changes in blood levels : - decreased number of red blood cells ( symptoms include : weakness , dizziness , fatigue ) - decreased number of blood platelets ( symptoms include : increased tendency to bleed or bruise ) - decreased number of white blood cells called neutrophilis ( symptoms include : increase tendency of infection ) - increased level of the serum protein known as lipase a heart rhythm disorder , abnormal pulse heart failure ( symptoms include : weakness , fatigue , swollen legs ) uncomfortable pressure , fullness , squeezing or pain in the centre of the chest ( angina pectoris ) and chest pain not in connection with the heart high blood pressure narrowing of the arteries in the brain problems of the blood vessels in the heart muscle 42 blood infection swollen , or red area of skin that feels hot and tender ( cellulitis ) dehydration breathing difficulties fluid in the thorax ( may cause breathing difficulty ) diarrhoea blood clot in a deep vein , sudden vein obstruction , blood clot in a blood vessel of the lung ( symptoms include : hot flush , flushing , redness of the face , breathing difficulty ) stroke ( symptoms include : difficulty to speak or move , sleepiness , migraine , abnormal sensations ) blood circulation problems ( symptoms include : pain in the legs or arms , coldness of the extremities of the limbs ) blood clot in the main arteries carrying blood to the head or neck ( carotid artery ) constipation sodium decrease in the blood increased tendency to bleed or bruise other possible side effects that may occur with the following frequencies are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper airway infection ( may cause breathing difficulty ) decreased appetite insomnia headache , dizziness cough diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea increased blood levels of several liver enzymes called : - alanine aminotransferase - aspartate aminotransferase rash , dry skin , itching pain in bones , joints , pain in muscles , back , arms or legs , muscle spasms fatigue , accumulation of fluid in arms and / or legs , fever , pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of hair follicles , swollen , red area of skin or underneath skin that feels hot and tender decreased activity of thyroid gland fluid retention low calcium , phosphate or potassium levels in the blood increased blood sugar or uric acid levels in the blood , high blood fat values of triglycerides weight loss mini stroke nerve disorder in the arms and / or legs ( often causes numbness and pain in the hands and feet ) lethargy , migraine increased or reduced sense of touch or sensation , abnormal sensation such as prickling , tingling and itchiness blurred vision , dry eye , infection in the eye , visual disturbance tissue swelling in eyelid or around the eyes , caused by excess fluid palpitation pain in one or both legs when walking or exercising , which disappears after some minutes of rest hot flush , flushing nosebleed , difficulty producing voice sounds , hypertension in the lungs increased blood levels of liver and pancreatic enzymes : - amylase - alkaline phosphatase - gamma - glutamyltransferase 43 heartburn caused by reflux of stomach juices , inflammation in the mouth , abdominal swelling or discomfort or indigestion , dry mouth stomach bleeding ( symptoms include : stomach pain , vomiting blood ) increased blood level of bilirubin - the yellow breakdown substance of the blood pigment ( symptoms include : dark amber urine ) pain in skeletal system or neck skin rash , peeling of the skin , abnormal thickening of the skin , redness , bruising , skin pain , changes in skin colour , hair loss tissue swelling in face caused by excess fluid night sweats , increased sweating inability to develop or maintain an erection chills , flu - like illness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): metabolic disorders caused by the break - down products of dying cancer cells bleeding in the brain obstruction of the blood vessels in the eye heart problems , left sided chest pain , dysfunction of the left heart chamber narrowing of the blood vessels , poor blood circulation , sudden increase in blood pressure renal artery stenosis ( narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ) circulatory problems in the spleen liver damage , jaundice ( symptoms include : yellowing of the skin and eyes ) headache , confusion , seizures , and loss of vision , which may be symptoms of a brain condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): recurrence ( reactivation ) of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). troubling skin rashes involving blisters or peeling and spread across the body , and involving tiredness . inform your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : fever ( high temperature ). this is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). severe loss of body fluids ( dehydration ). this is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). this can occur if you have severe or long - lasting diarrhoea , or fever , or if you are being sick ( vomiting ). severe stomach pain or stomach pain that doesn ' t go away . this can occur if you have a hole in the stomach , food pipe , gut or bowel ( gastrointestinal perforation ). this can lead to death . if any of the above applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) decrease in the number of platelets ( which results in increased risk of bleeding ) loss of appetite ( anorexia ) alteration in sense of taste shortness of breath cough stomach upsets including feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or constipation abdominal pain short term hair loss ( in most cases normal hair growth should return ) back pain joint pain blood in the urine feeling tired , weak or lack of energy . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection lack of white blood cells associated with fever and infection feeling of numbness , tingling , burning or decreased sensations in hands and feet dizziness headache decrease or increase in blood pressure uncomfortable feeling in the stomach , heart burn or belching stomach pain haemorrhoids muscle spasm painful or frequent urination urinary incontinence kidney disease or problems sore in the mouth or on lips infections or risk of infections high blood sugar low blood potassium mental confusion feeling anxious abnormal feeling or loss of sensation or pain in hands and feet ringing in the ear trouble with balance rapid or irregular heartbeat blood clot in the leg skin feeling hot or flushed pain in mouth or throat rectal bleeding redness of the skin muscle discomfort , aches or pain swelling of the feet or legs 38 chills . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the bladder , which can occur when your bladder has been previously exposed to radiation therapy ( cystitis due to radiation recall phenomenon ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have any of the following symptoms after taking anoro ellipta stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash ( hives ) or redness rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using anoro ellipta are rare . if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a serious condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) combination of sore throat and runny nose sore throat feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis ) headache cough pain and irritation in the back of the mouth and throat constipation dry mouth infection of the upper airways . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : irregular heart beat faster heart beat awareness of heart beat ( palpitations ) rash tremor taste disturbance hoarseness . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : blurred vision increase of the measured eye pressure decrease in vision or pain in your eyes due to high pressure ( possible signs of glaucoma ). difficulty and pain when passing urine these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or urinary retention . frequency not known frequency cannot be estimated from the available data : dizziness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of sildenafil teva are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking sildenafil teva and seek medical help immediately : an allergic reaction - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms include sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing or dizziness , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or throat . chest pains - this occurs uncommonly if this occurs during or after intercourse − get in a semi - sitting position and try to relax − do not use nitrates to treat your chest pain prolonged and sometimes painful erections - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you have an erection which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely serious skin reactions - this occurs rarely . symptoms may include severe peeling and swelling of the skin , blistering of the mouth , genitals and around the eyes , fever . seizures or fits - this occurs rarely other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , bleeding at the back of the eye , double vision , reduced sharpness of vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , swelling of the eye or eyelid , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing halos around lights , dilation of the pupil of the eye , discolouration of the white of the eye , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , dry nose , swelling of the inside of the nose , feeling irritable and sudden decrease or loss of hearing . from post - marketing experience cases of unstable angina ( a heart condition ) and sudden death have been reported rarely . of note , most , but not all , of the men who experienced these side effects had heart problems before taking this medicine . it is not possible to determine whether these events were directly related to sildenafil . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effect of amyvid is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache the following side effects of amyvid are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - feeling sick , - altered taste , - flushing , - itching , - rash , bleeding or pain where the injection is given or rash in other places . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities ( i . e . genetic diseases ). see also section 1 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , vibativ can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . vibativ may cause the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - taste disturbance - nausea ( feeling sick ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - fungal infections - sleeplessness - headache , dizziness - constipation , diarrhoea ; vomiting - raised blood levels of liver enzymes - itching , rash - kidney disorder , abnormal kidney function tests , foamy urine - tiredness , chills uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - intestinal bacterial infection ; urinary tract infection - anaemia , changes in white blood cell counts ; changes in blood platelet counts - allergic reactions - decreased appetite ; changes in blood levels of glucose ; changes in blood levels of potassium and magnesium - restlessness ; anxiety ; confusion ; depression - loss of taste , migraine , abnormal touch sensation , smell disturbance , sleepiness , trembling - eye irritation ; blurred vision - ringing in your ears - chest pain ; heart failure ; abnormal heart rhythm or heart beat - flushing ; high or low blood pressure ; inflammation of a vein - breathlessness , hiccups , nasal congestion , sore throat - abdominal pain ; dry mouth ; indigestion , bloating ; numbness of the mouth - liver inflammation - skin redness ; swelling of face ; sweating , hives - joint pain ; back pain ; muscle cramp ; muscle pain - painful urination ; blood in urine ; low urine output , frequent urination ; abnormal urine odour - lack of energy ; irritation at infusion site ; feeling unwell ; chest discomfort ; accumulation of fluid in the lower legs ; pain ; fever ; skin flushing of upper body - abnormal blood clotting tests rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - deafness 29 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). the first signs of a severe allergic reaction may include swelling of the skin , face and / or throat and / or difficulty breathing . if these symptoms occur you must inform your doctor or nurse immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people are listed below : diarrhoea urinary tract infection ( symptoms may include : pain or a burning sensation when you urinate or a frequent need to urinate ) vaginal infection in women stomach ache or abdominal pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss the possible side effects with you and explain the risks and benefits of soliris with you prior to treatment . the most serious side effect was meningococcal sepsis . if you experience any of the meningococcal infection symptoms ( see section 2 meningococcal and other neisseria infections alert ), you should immediately inform your doctor . if you are not sure what the side effects below are , ask your doctor to explain them to you . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : infection of the lung ( pneumonia ), common cold ( nasopharyngitis ), infection of the urinary system ( urinary tract infection ), low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ), reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness inability to sleep dizziness , taste disorders ( dysgeusia ), high blood pressure upper respiratory tract infection , cough , throat pain ( oropharyngeal pain ), bronchitis , cold sores ( herpes simplex ) diarrhea , vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), itchy skin ( pruritus ) pain in thejoints ( arms and legs ) fever ( pyrexia ), feeling tired ( fatigue ), influenza like illness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : severe infection ( meningococcal infection ), sepsis , septic shock , viral infection , , lower respiratory tract infection , stomach flu ( gastrointestinal infection ), cystitis infection , fungal infection , collection of pus ( abscess ), type of infection of the skin ( cellulitis ), influenza , sinusitis , tooth infection ( abscess ) relatively few platelets in blood ( thrombocytopenia ), low level of lymphocytes a specific type of white blood cells ( lymphopenia ), feeling your heartbeat serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness ( anaphylactic reaction ), hypersensitivity loss of appetite depression , anxiety , mood swings tingling in part of the body ( paresthesia ), shaking vision blurred ringing in the ears , vertigo sudden and rapid development of extremely high blood pressure , low blood pressure , hot flush , vein disorder dyspnoea ( difficulty breathing ), nose bleed , stuffy nose ( nasal congestion ), throat irritation , runny nose ( rhinorrhoea ) inflammation of the peritoneum ( the tissue that lines most of the organs of the abdomen ), constipation , stomach discomfort after meals ( dyspepsia ), abdominal distension hives , redness of the skin , dry skin , red or purple spots under the skin , increased sweating 53 muscle cramp , muscle aches , back and neck pain , bone pain , joint swelling , pain in the limbs ( arms and legs ) kidney disorder , difficulties or pain when urinating ( dysuria ), blood in urine spontaneous penile erection swelling ( edema ), chest discomfort , feeling of weakness ( asthenia ), chest pain , infusion site pain , chills increase of liver enzymes , decrease of the proportion of blood volume that is occupied by red blood cells , decrease in the protein in red blood cells that carries oxygen infusion related reaction rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : infection by fungi ( aspergillus infection ), infection of the joint ( arthritis bacterial ), haemophilus influenzae infection , gum infection , impetigo , bacterial sexual transmitted disease ( gonorrhea ) skin tumor ( melanoma ), bone marrow disorder destruction of red blood cells ( haemolysis ), clumping of cells , abnormal clotting factor , abnormal blood clotting , disease with thyroid overactivity ( basedow ' s disease ) sleep disorder , abnormal dreams fainting irritation of eye bruise unusual backflow of food from stomach , gum pain yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) inflammation of the skin , skin color disorder spasm of mouth muscle menstrual disorder abnormal leakage of the infused drug out of the vein , infusion site abnormal sensation , feeling hot reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if you take amglidia , you are at risk of getting too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). the signs of too low blood sugar may include : - shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious or confused , fast heart beat - excessive hunger , headache 35 if your child starts to become pale , sweating , has irregular heart rhythm or seems disoriented , confused or unresponsive , these may be signs that the child ' s blood sugar is too low ; you should first solve the situation as explained below and you should then talk to your child ' s doctor to adapt amglidia ' s dose . the risk of low blood sugar is increased if the medicine is not taken with a meal , is taken with alcohol , or if combined with certain medicines . such low blood sugar should be managed by taking sugar by mouth followed by a snack or meal . if very low blood sugar occurs that affects consciousness , emergency services should be called and an intravenous glucose injection performed . after such a severe episode of hypoglycaemia , the child and family should see the child ' s doctor to check the appropriateness of the dose of glibenclamide suspension . allergic reactions this medicine may cause allergic reactions , which may be serious in isolated cases , including difficulties to breath , low blood pressure and shock . if your child presents any of theses symptoms , you should immediately go to the nearest emergency department . gastro intestinal disorders ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhea - abdominal ( belly ) pain - vomiting - stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) teeth problems ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - tooth discoloration . abnormal blood test results ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) laboratory blood tests may show changes in blood cells ( decrease in white blood cells : leucopenia ) and effects on liver function ( brief increase in enzymes called transaminases ). other side effects : tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : - skin rash : itching , nettle rash ( urticarial ), allergic skin reaction , blistering of the skin , skin inflammation . - increase in sensitivity of the skin to sunlight . - transient visual disturbances . - other laboratory blood tests changes : increased levels of the white blood cells called eosinophils ( hypereosinophilia ), mild to severe decrease in blood components called platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) which can lead to subcutaneous bleeding ( purpura ). reporting of side effects if you notice any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you start to get numbness or tingling around your mouth or in your extremities , muscle aches or cramps and seizures ( fits ), you should tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs that your calcium levels are too low ( hypocalcaemia ). very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea vomiting diarrhoea muscle spasms low calcium levels in blood with no symptoms common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people low calcium levels in blood with symptoms such as tingling around the mouth or in the extremities , muscle aches or cramps and seizures ( fits ) high potassium levels in blood low phosphate levels in blood headache numbness or tingling sensation worsening heart failure disturbances in the heart ' s electrical activity seen as qt prolongation on electrocardiogram low blood pressure muscle pain uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people seizures ( fits or convulsions ); for additional information see section 2 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data allergic reactions ( including anaphylactic reactions ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever , joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; seizures , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ); muscle stiffness or spasms ( including eye movements ); restless legs syndrome ; problems with speech ; stuttering ; slow heart rate ; sensitivity to sunlight ; bleeding from the nose ; abdominal distension ; drooling ; memory loss or forgetfulness ; urinary incontinence ; lack of ability to urinate ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection . very rare side effects include serious allergic reactions such as drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen on blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). while taking olanzapine , elderly patients with dementia may suffer from stroke , pneumonia , urinary incontinence , falls , extreme tiredness , visual hallucinations , a rise in body temperature , redness of the skin and have trouble walking . some fatal cases have been reported in this particular group of patients . in patients with parkinson ' s disease zyprexa velotab may worsen the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common adverse reactions with this medicine are dose dependent and related to its mode of action : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) ‒ luminous visual phenomena ( brief moments of increased brightness , most often caused by sudden changes in light intensity ). they can also be described as a halo , coloured flashes , image decomposition or multiple images . they generally occur within the first two months of treatment after which they may occur repeatedly and resolve during or after treatment . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ‒ modification in the heart functioning ( the symptoms are a slowing down of the heart rate ). they particularly occur within the first 2 to 3 months of treatment initiation . other side effects have also been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ‒ irregular rapid contraction of the heart , abnormal perception of heartbeat , uncontrolled blood pressure , headache , dizziness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ‒ palpitations and cardiac extra beats , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ), muscle cramps , changes in laboratory parameters : high blood levels of uric acid , an excess of eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) and elevated creatinine in blood ( a breakdown product of muscle ), skin rash , angioedema ( such as swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), low blood pressure , fainting , feeling of tiredness , feeling of weakness , abnormal ecg heart tracing , double vision , impaired vision . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) ‒ urticaria , itching , skin reddening , feeling unwell . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) ‒ irregular heartbeats . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common adverse reactions with this medicine are dose dependent and related to its mode of action : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): luminous visual phenomena ( brief moments of increased brightness , most often caused by sudden changes in light intensity ). they can also be described as a halo , coloured flashes , image decomposition or multiple images . they generally occur within the first two months of treatment after which they may occur repeatedly and resolve during or after treatment . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): modification in the heart functioning ( the symptoms are a slowing down of the heart rate ). they particularly occur within the first 2 to 3 months of treatment initiation . other side effects have also been reported : common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): irregular rapid contraction of the heart , abnormal perception of heartbeat , uncontrolled blood pressure , headache , dizziness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): palpitations and cardiac extra beats , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ), muscle cramps , changes in laboratory parameters : high blood levels of uric acid , an excess of eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) and elevated creatinine in 35 blood ( a breakdown product of muscle ), skin rash , angioedema ( such as swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), low blood pressure , fainting , feeling of tiredness , feeling of weakness , abnormal ecg heart tracing , double vision , impaired vision . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): urticaria , itching , skin reddening , feeling unwell . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): irregular heart beats . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious ( frequency not known ): a few patients have experienced these serious side effects . if any of the following occur , tell your doctor straight away : severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , dizziness . possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), high level of potassium in the blood , dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash ( this may also be a sign of allergic reactions or angioedema see " rare " side effects below ), kidney problems including acute renal failure ( severely decreased urine output ), swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ), low blood pressure , palpitations , cough , itching , itchy rash ( urticaria ), increased liver enzymes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): increased level of creatinine in the blood , decreased level of haemoglobin in the blood ( anaemia ), decreased level of red blood cells , red skin ( erythema ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): spinning sensation , low level of sodium in the blood , shortness of breath , nausea , vomiting , signs of liver disorder ( nausea , loss of appetite , dark coloured urine or yellowing of skin and eyes ). if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . you may need to stop rasilez . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data the most common adverse reactions with this medicine are dose dependent and related to its mode of action : very common : luminous visual phenomena ( brief moments of increased brightness , most often caused by sudden changes in light intensity ). they can also be described as a halo , coloured flashes , image decomposition or multiple images . they generally occur within the first two months of treatment after which they may occur repeatedly and resolve during or after treatment common : modification in the heart functioning ( the symptoms are a slowing down of the heart rate ). they particularly occur within the first 2 to 3 months of treatment initiation . other side effects have also been reported : common : irregular rapid contraction of the heart , abnormal perception of heartbeat , uncontrolled blood pressure , headache , dizziness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). uncommon : 30 palpitations and cardiac extra beats , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ), muscle spasms , changes in laboratory parameters : high blood levels of uric acid , an excess of eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) and elevated creatinine in blood ( a breakdown product of muscle ), skin rash , angioedema ( such as swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), low blood pressure , fainting , feeling of tiredness , feeling of weakness , abnormal ecg heart tracing , double vision , impaired vision . rare : urticaria , itching , skin reddening , feeling unwell . very rare : irregular heart beats . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , neupopeg can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a very common side effect ( likely to occur in more than 1 in 10 patients ) is bone pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . common side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 10 patients ) include ; pain and redness at the site of the injection , headaches , and general aches and pains in the joints , muscles , chest , limbs , neck or back . an uncommon side effect ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 100 patients ) is nausea . allergic - type reactions to neupopeg , including redness and flushing , skin rash , raised areas of the skin that itch and anaphylaxis ( weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ), have rarely ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 1000 patients ) been reported . increased spleen size and very rare cases ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 10 , 000 patients )) of spleen rupture have been reported after the use of neupopeg . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . rare ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 1000 patients ) cases of breathing problems have been reported after taking g - csfs . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor . some changes may occur in your blood , but these will be detected by routine blood tests . your platelet count may become low which might result in bruising . your white blood cell count may become high for a short period of time . sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever ) has occurred very rarely ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ) but other factors may play a role . very rarely ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ) has occurred in patients receiving neupopeg . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 2 hours of the first infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may get pain at the infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness , tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , tongue or throat swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , heart attack or low number of platelets . if you have heart disease or angina , these infusion reactions might get worse . tell the person giving you the infusion immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your rituzena treatment if these reactions are serious . infections tell your doctor immediately if you get signs of an infection including : fever , cough , sore throat , burning pain when passing urine or feeling weak or generally unwell memory loss , trouble thinking , difficulty walking or sight loss these may be due to a very rare , serious brain infection , which has been fatal ( progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy or pml ). you might get infections more easily during your treatment with rituzena . these are often colds , but there have been cases of pneumonia or urinary infections . these are listed below under " other side effects ". skin reactions very rarely , severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening may occur . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . other side effects include : a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis low number of white blood cells sometimes with fever , or low number of blood cells called " platelets " feeling sick ( nausea ) bald spots on the scalp , chills , headache lower immunity because of lower levels of anti - bodies called " immunoglobulins " ( igg ) in the blood which help protect against infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood ( sepsis ), pneumonia , shingles , cold , bronchial tube infections , fungal infections , infections of unknown origin , sinus inflammation , hepatitis b low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), low number of all blood cells allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and body , high levels of the enzyme " lactate dehydrogenase ( ldh )" in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood unusual feelings of the skin such as numbness , tingling , pricking , burning , a creeping skin feeling , reduced sense of touch feeling restless , problems falling asleep , becoming very red in the face and other areas of the skin as a consequence of dilation of the blood vessels feeling dizzy or anxious producing more tears , tear duct problems , inflamed eye ( conjunctivitis ) ringing sound in the ears , ear pain heart problems such as heart attack and uneven or fast heart rate 83 high or low blood pressure ( low blood pressure especially when standing upright ) tightening of the muscles in the airways which causes wheezing ( bronchospasm ), inflammation , irritation in the lungs , throat or sinuses , being short of breath , runny nose being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the throat and mouth , problems swallowing , constipation , indigestion eating disorders : not eating enough , leading to weight loss hives , increased sweating , night sweats muscle problems such as tight muscles , joint or muscle pain , back and neck pain general discomfort or feeling uneasy or tired , shaking , signs of flu multiple - organ failure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blood clotting problems , decrease of red blood cell production and increase of red blood cell destruction ( aplastic haemolytic anaemia ), swollen or enlarged lymph nodes low mood and loss of interest or enjoyment in doing things , feeling nervous taste problems such as changes in the way things taste heart problems such as reduced heart rate or chest pain ( angina ) asthma , too little oxygen reaching the body organs swelling of the stomach . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): short term increase in the amount of some types of anti - bodies in the blood ( called immunoglobulins igm ), chemical disturbances in the blood caused by break - down of dying cancer cells nerve damage in arms and legs , paralysed face heart failure inflammation of blood vessels including those leading to skin symptoms respiratory failure damage to the intestinal wall ( perforation ) severe skin problems causing blisters that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . kidney failure severe vision loss not known ( it is not known how often these side effects happen ): a reduction in white blood cells which does not happen straight away reduced platelets number just after the infusion this can be reversed , but can be fatal in rare cases hearing loss , loss of other senses b ) if you are being treated for granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , such as chest infections , urinary tract infections ( pain on passing water ), colds and herpes infections allergic reactions that are most likely to occur during an infusion , but can occur up to 24 - hours after infusion diarrhoea coughing or shortness of breath nose bleeds raised blood pressure painful joints or back muscle twitches or shakiness feeling dizzy tremors ( shakiness , often in the hands ) 84 difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) swelling of the hands or ankles common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): indigestion constipation skin rashes , including acne or spots flushing or redness of the skin blocked nose tight or painful muscles pain in the muscles or in the hands or feet low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low numbers of platelets in the blood an increase in the amount of potassium in the blood changes in the rhythm of the heart , or the heart beating faster than normal very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . recurrence of a previous hepatitis b infection rituzena may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when you get keytruda , you can have some serious side effects . see section 2 . the following side effects have been reported with pembrolizumab alone : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells - reduced thyroid gland activity - feeling less hungry - headache - shortness of breath ; cough - diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; nausea ; vomiting ; constipation - itching ; skin rash - pain in muscle and bones ; joint pain - feeling tired ; unusual tiredness or weakness ; swelling ; fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - decrease in the number of platelets ( bruising or bleeding more easily ); decrease in the number of white blood cell ( lymphocytes ) - reactions related to the infusion of the medicine - overactive thyroid gland activity ; hot flush - decreased sodium , potassium , or calcium in the blood - trouble sleeping - dizziness ; inflammation of the nerves causing numbness , weakness , tingling or burning pain of the arms and legs ; lack of energy ; change in your sense of taste - dry eye - abnormal heart rhythm - high blood pressure - inflammation of the lungs - inflammation of the intestines ; dry mouth - red raised rash sometimes with blisters ; patches of skin which have lost colour ; dry , itchy skin ; hair loss ; acne - like skin problem - muscle pain , aches or tenderness ; pain in arms or legs ; joint pain with swelling - chills ; flu - like illness - increased liver enzyme levels in the blood ; increased calcium in the blood ; abnormal kidney function test uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils , leukocytes , and eosinophils ) - an immune disorder that can affect the lungs , skin , eyes and / or lymph nodes ( sarcoidosis ) - inflammation of the pituitary gland situated at the base of the brain ; decreased secretion of hormones produced by the adrenal glands ; inflammation of the thyroid - type 1 diabetes - seizure - inflammation of the eyes ; eye pain , irritation , itchiness or redness ; uncomfortable sensitivity to light ; seeing spots - inflammation of the covering of the heart ; accumulation of fluid around the heart - inflammation of the pancreas - a sore that develops on the inside lining of your stomach or upper part of your small intestine - inflammation of the liver - thickened , sometimes scaly , skin growth ; inflammation of the skin ; hair colour changes ; small skin bumps , lumps or sores - inflammation of the sheath that surrounds tendons 150 - inflammation of the kidneys - increased level of amylase , an enzyme that breaks down starch rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - inflammation response against platelets or red blood cells ; feeling weak , lightheaded , short of breath or if your skin looks pale ( signs of low level of red blood cells , possibly due to a type of anaemia called pure red cell aplasia ); a condition called haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis , where the immune system makes too many infection fighting cells called histiocytes and lymphocytes that may cause various symptoms - inflammation of the brain , which may present as confusion , fever , memory problems or seizures ( encephalitis ) - a temporary inflammation of the nerves that causes pain , weakness , and paralysis in the extremities ; a condition in which the muscles become weak and tire easily - pain , numbness , tingling , or weakness in the arms or legs ; bladder or bowel problems including needing to urinate more frequently , urinary incontinence , difficulty urinating and constipation ( myelitis ) - inflammation of the membrane around the spinal cord and brain , which may present as neck stiffness , headache , fever , eye sensitivity to light , nausea or vomiting ( meningitis ) - inflammation of the heart muscle , which may present as shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , feeling tired , or chest pain - a hole in the small intestines - tender red bumps under the skin - itching , skin blistering , peeling or sores , and / or ulcers in mouth or in lining of nose , throat , or genital area ( toxic epidermal necrolysis or stevens - johnson syndrome ) - disease in which the immune system attacks the glands that make moisture for the body , such as tears and saliva ( sjogren ' s syndrome ) the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies with pembrolizumab in combination with chemotherapy : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells - decreased number of white blood cells ; decrease in the number of platelets ( bruising or bleeding more easily ) - decreased potassium in the blood ; feeling less hungry - dizziness ; headache ; inflammation of the nerves causing numbness , weakness , tingling or burning pain of the arms and legs ; change in your sense of taste - shortness of breath ; cough - diarrhoea ; nausea ; vomiting ; constipation ; stomach pain - skin rash ; itching ; hair loss - pain in the muscles and bones ; joint pain - unusual tiredness or weakness ; swelling ; fever - abnormal kidney function test common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) with a fever - reaction related to the infusion of the medicine - thyroid gland problems - decreased sodium or calcium in the blood - trouble sleeping - dry eye - abnormal heart rhythm - high blood pressure - inflammation of the lungs - inflammation of the intestines ; dry mouth - red raised rash , sometimes with blisters 151 - muscle pain , aches or tenderness ; joint pain with swelling ; pain in arms or legs - inflammation of the kidneys ; sudden kidney damage - chills ; flu - like illness - increased calcium in the blood ; increased liver enzyme levels in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the pituitary gland situated at the base of the brain ; inflammation of the thyroid ; decreased secretion of hormones produced by the adrenal glands - type 1 diabetes - seizure - accumulation of fluid around the heart - inflammation of the pancreas - a sore that develops on the inside lining of your stomach or upper part of your small intestine - inflammation of the liver - thickened , sometimes scaly , skin growth ; acne - like skin problem ; inflammation of the skin ; patches of skin that have lost colour - inflammation of the sheath that surrounds tendons - increased level of amylase , an enzyme that breaks down starch ; increased bilirubin in the blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a decreased number of white blood cells ( eosinophils ) - inflammation of the heart muscle , which may present as shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , feeling tired , or chest pain ; inflammation of the covering of the heart - hair colour changes ; dry , itchy skin ; small skin bumps , lumps or sores - disease in which the immune system attacks the glands that make moisture for the body , such as tears and saliva ( sjogren ' s syndrome ) the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies with pembrolizumab in combination with axitinib : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - thyroid gland problems - feeling less hungry - headache ; change in your sense of taste - high blood pressure - shortness of breath ; cough ; hoarseness - diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; nausea ; vomiting ; constipation - blisters or rash on palms of hands or soles of feet ; skin rash ; itching - feeling tired ; unusual tiredness or weakness ; fever - increased liver enzyme levels in the blood ; abnormal kidney function test - pain in the muscles and bones ; joint or muscle pain , aches or tenderness ; pain in arms or legs common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - decrease in the number of red blood cells ; decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils , leukocytes ); decrease in the number of platelets ( bruising or bleeding more easily ) - reaction related to the infusion of the medicine - inflammation of the pituitary gland situated at the base of the brain ; inflammation of the thyroid ; decreased secretion of hormones produced by the adrenal glands - decreased potassium , sodium or calcium in the blood - trouble sleeping - dizziness ; lack of energy ; inflammation of the nerves causing numbness , weakness , tingling or burning pain of the arms and legs - dry eye - abnormal heart rhythm - inflammation of the lungs - inflammation of the intestines ; dry mouth 152 - red raised rash , sometimes with blisters ; acne - like skin problem ; inflammation of the skin ; dry , itchy skin ; hair loss - inflammation of the liver - muscle pain , aches or tenderness ; joint or muscle pain with swelling ; inflammation of the sheath that surrounds tendons - sudden kidney damage ; inflammation of the kidneys - swelling ; flu - like illness ; chills - increased calcium in the blood ; increased liver enzyme levels in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes and eosinophils ) - type 1 diabetes - a condition in which the muscles become weak and tire easily - inflammation of the heart muscle , which may present as shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , feeling tired , or chest pain - inflammation of the eyes ; eye pain , irritation , itchiness or redness ; uncomfortable sensitivity to light ; seeing spots - inflammation of the pancreas - a sore that develops on the inside lining of your stomach or upper part of your small intestine - hair colour changes ; thickened , sometimes scaly , skin growth ; small skin bumps , lumps or sores ; patches of skin that have lost colour - increased level of amylase , an enzyme that breaks down starch - disease in which the immune system attacks the glands that make moisture for the body , such as tears and saliva ( sjogren ' s syndrome ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diabetes mellitus , difficulty sleeping , feeling anxious , feeling restless and unable to keep still , difficulty sitting still , uncontrollable twitching , jerking or writhing movements , restless legs , trembling , headache , tiredness , sleepiness , light - headedness , shaking and blurred vision , decreased number of or difficulty making bowel movements , indigestion , feeling sick , more saliva in mouth than normal , vomiting , feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood levels of the hormone prolactin , too much sugar in the blood , depression , altered or increased sexual interest , uncontrollable movements of mouth , tongue and limbs ( tardive dyskinesia ), muscle disorder causing twisting movements ( dystonia ), double vision , eye sensitivity to light , fast heart beat , a fall in blood pressure on standing up which causes dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , hiccups . the following side effects have been reported since the marketing of oral aripiprazole but the frequency for them to occur is not known : low levels of white blood cells , low levels of blood platelets , allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue , face and throat , itching , hives ), onset or worsening of diabetes , ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma , high blood sugar , not enough sodium in the blood , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), weight loss , weight gain , 81 thoughts of suicide , suicide attempt and suicide ; feeling aggressive , agitation , nervousness , combination of fever , muscle stiffness , faster breathing , sweating , reduced consciousness and sudden changes in blood pressure and heart rate , fainting ( neuroleptic malignant syndrome ), seizure , serotonin syndrome ( a reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), speech disorder , fixation of the eyeballs in one position , sudden unexplained death , life - threatening irregular heart beat , heart attack , slower heart beat , blood clots in the veins , especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing ( if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately ), high blood pressure , fainting , accidental inhalation of food with risk of pneumonia ( lung infection ), spasm of the muscles around the voice box , inflammation of the pancreas , difficulty swallowing , diarrhoea , abdominal discomfort , stomach discomfort , liver failure , inflammation of the liver , yellowing of the skin and white part of eyes , reports of abnormal liver tests values ; skin rash , skin sensitivity to light , baldness , excessive sweating , abnormal muscle breakdown which can lead to kidney problems , muscle pain , stiffness , involuntary loss of urine ( incontinence ), difficulty in passing urine ; withdrawal symptoms in newborn babies in case of exposure during pregnancy , prolonged and / or painful erection , difficulty controlling core body temperature or overheating , chest pain , swelling of hands , ankles or feet , in blood tests : increased or fluctuating blood sugar , increased glycosylated haemoglobin . inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to 82 others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ) - a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . in elderly patients with dementia , more fatal cases have been reported while taking aripiprazole . in addition , cases of stroke or " mini " stroke have been reported . additional side effects in children and adolescents adolescents aged 13 years and older experienced side effects that were similar in frequency and type to those in adults except that sleepiness , uncontrollable twitching or jerking movements , restlessness , and tiredness were very common ( greater than 1 in 10 patients ) and upper abdominal pain , dry mouth , increased heart rate , weight gain , increased appetite , muscle twitching , uncontrolled movements of the limbs , and feeling dizzy , especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position , were common ( greater than 1 in 100 patients ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) segluromet may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking segluromet and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling sick or being sick stomach pain excessive thirst fast and deep breathing confusion unusual sleepiness or tiredness a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with segluromet . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene ( not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus ( see section " warnings and precautions " for symptoms ). if you notice any of the side effects above , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice the following side effects : dehydration ( losing too much water from your body ; common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) symptoms of dehydration include : dry mouth feeling dizzy , light - headed , or weak , especially when you stand up 56 fainting you may be more likely to get dehydrated if you : have kidney problems take medicines that increase your urine production ( diuretics ) or lower blood pressure are 65 years or older low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ; common ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you have any of the symptoms or signs below . the doctor may lower the dose of your insulin or other diabetes medicine . signs and symptoms of low blood sugar may include : headache drowsiness irritability hunger dizziness confusion sweating feeling jittery weakness fast heart beat if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : very common vaginal yeast infection ( thrush ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting diarrhoea stomach ache loss of appetite common yeast infections of the penis changes in urination , including urgent need to urinate more often , in larger amounts , or at night thirst vaginal itching change in taste blood tests may show changes in the amount of urea in your blood blood tests may show changes in the amount of total and bad cholesterol ( called ldl - a type of fat in your blood ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called haemoglobin ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') painful urination very rare decreased vitamin b12 levels . this may cause anaemia ( low levels of red blood cells ). liver function test disorders hepatitis ( a liver problem ) hives redness of the skin 57 itching reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor straight away if you suffer from diarrhoea during or after your treatment . other side effects may include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting headache itching all over the body tiredness dizziness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal infections of skin , mouth and vagina ( oral / vaginal thrush ) itching ( including itching due to allergic reaction ), hair loss , acne , red and / or itchy rash or hives , excessive sweating decrease or loss of skin sensitivity , tingling / prickling skin sensation hot flush or blushing / redness in the face , neck or upper chest abscess ( swollen , pus - filled lump ) vaginal infection , inflammation or itching anxiety , irritability , shaking or trembling respiratory tract ( sinuses , throat and chest ) infection dryness in the nose , congestion in the chest , cough sleepiness , abnormal sleep pattern , difficulty sleeping , nightmares ( unpleasant / disturbing dreams ) dry mouth , constipation , indigestion , pain / discomfort in the belly ( abdomen ), retching , dry heaving , bright red blood in the stool acid reflux disease ( heartburn , pain or difficulty swallowing ), flatulence / passing wind joint pain , muscle spasms , back pain , neck pain , pain / discomfort in limbs , decrease of grip strength 43 blurred vision , ' floaters ' ( small shapes seen floating in the field of vision ) swollen or enlarged lymph nodes allergic reaction dehydration poor control of diabetes abnormal sense of taste slow heartbeat fever swelling in ankles and / or feet abnormal smelling urine , abnormal blood tests reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects were mainly seen while patients were being given the medicine or shortly after (" infusion associated reactions "). the most serious side effects were swollen face and fever ( very common ); longer than normal gaps between breaths , difficulty breathing , asthma and hives ( common ); and swelling of the tongue and throat , and serious allergic reaction to this medicine ( unknown frequency ). if you experience any reaction like this , please tell your doctor immediately . you may need to be given additional medicines to prevent an allergic reaction ( e . g . antihistamines and / or corticosteroids ) or to reduce fever ( antipyretics ). the most common symptoms of infusion associated reactions include fever , chills , rash , hives and shortness of breath . very common side effects ( these may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sore throat gastroenteritis poor reflexes headache inflammation of the eye cloudy eyes poor hearing high blood pressure nasal congestion bulging belly button vomiting nausea itching pain ( including ear , abdominal , joint , chest pain ) malaise common side effects ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): tremor low blood pressure cough wheezing skin redness other side effects with an unknown frequency : shock tingling decreased heart rate increased heart rate bluish skin skin paleness low blood - oxygen rapid breathing if you get any of these symptoms , or other symptoms not listed in this leaflet , tell your doctor immediately . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . nervous system side effects such as dizziness may be higher after a single " loading " dose . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of the following : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache ; feeling dizzy or sick ( nausea ); double vision ( diplopia ). common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people short jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ( myoclonic seizures ); difficulties in coordinating your movements or walking ; problems in keeping your balance , shaking ( tremor ), tingling ( paresthesia ) or muscle spasms , falling easily and getting bruises ; troubles with your memory , thinking or finding words , confusion ; rapid and uncontrollable movements of the eyes ( nystagmus ), blurred vision ; a spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling drunk ; being sick ( vomiting ), dry mouth , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , diarrhoea ; decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in articulating words , disturbance in attention ; noise in the ear such as buzzing , ringing or whistling ; irritability , trouble sleeping , depression ; sleepiness , tiredness or weakness ( asthenia ); itching , rash . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people slow heart rate , palpitations , irregular pulse or other changes in the electrical activity of your heart ( conduction disorder ); exaggerated feeling of wellbeing , seeing and / or hearing things which are not there ; allergic reaction to medicine intake , hives ; blood tests may show abnormal liver function , liver injury ; thoughts of harming or killing yourself or attempting suicide : tell your doctor straight away ; feeling angry or agitated ; abnormal thinking or losing touch with reality ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face , throat , hands , feet , ankles , or lower 133 legs ; fainting . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from available data abnormal rapid heartbeat ( ventricular tachyarrhythmia ); a sore throat , high temperature and getting more infections than usual . blood tests may show a severe decrease in a specific class of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ); a serious skin reaction which may include a high temperature and other flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face , extended rash , swollen glands ( enlarged lymph nodes ). blood tests may show increased levels of liver enzymes and a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ); a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ); convulsion . additional side effects in children common : may affect up to 1 in 10 children runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ); fever ( pyrexia ); sore throat ( pharyngitis ); eating less than usual . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 children feeling sleepy or lacking in energy ( lethargy ). not known : frequency cannot be estimated from available data changes in behaviour , not acting like themselves . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) may occur very commonly with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). it can be very serious . if your blood sugar level falls too much , you may become unconscious . serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . if you have symptoms of low blood sugar , take actions to increase your blood sugar level immediately . see advice in ' too low blood sugar ' below . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( seen rarely ) to the insulin or any of the ingredients in ryzodeg , stop using this medicine and see a doctor straight away . the signs of a serious allergic reaction are : the local reactions spread to other parts of your body you suddenly feel unwell with sweating you start being sick ( vomiting ) you experience difficulty in breathing you experience rapid heartbeat or feeling dizzy . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) local reactions : local reactions at the place you inject yourself may occur . the signs may include : pain , redness , hives , swelling and itching . the reactions usually disappear after a few days . see your doctor if they do not disappear after a few weeks . stop using ryzodeg and see a doctor straight away if the reactions become serious . for more information , see ' serious allergic reaction ' above . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around your joints : when you first start using your medicine , your body may keep more water than it should . this causes swelling around your ankles and other joints . this is usually only short - lasting . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 38 this medicine can cause allergic reactions such as hives , swelling of the tongue and lips , diarrhoea , nausea , tiredness and itching . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) skin changes where you use the injection ( lipodystrophy ): it is not known if ryzodeg may cause lipodystrophy but such skin changes have been seen with other types of insulin . fatty tissue under the skin may shrink ( lipoatrophy ) or get thicker ( lipohypertrophy ). changing where you inject each time may reduce the risk of developing these skin changes . if you notice these skin changes , tell your doctor or nurse . if you keep injecting in the same place , these reactions can become more severe and affect the amount of medicine your body gets from the pen . general effects from diabetes treatment too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) too low blood sugar may happen if you : drink alcohol ; use too much insulin ; exercise more than usual ; eat too little or miss a meal . warning signs of too low blood sugar these may come on suddenly : headache ; slurred speech ; fast heartbeat ; cold sweat , cool pale skin ; feeling sick , feeling very hungry ; tremor or feeling nervous or worried ; feeling unusually tired , weak and sleepy ; feeling confused , difficulty in concentrating ; short - lasting changes in your sight . what to do if you get too low blood sugar eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack , like sweets , biscuits or fruit juice ( always carry glucose tablets or a high sugar snack , just in case ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . you may need to measure your blood sugar more than once , as with all basal insulin products improvement from the period of low blood sugar may be delayed . wait until the signs of too low blood sugar have gone or when your blood sugar level has settled . then carry on with your insulin as usual . what others need to do if you pass out tell everyone you spend time with that you have diabetes . tell them what could happen if your blood sugar gets too low , including the risk of passing out . let them know that if you pass out , they must : turn you on your side get medical help straight away not give you any food or drink because you may choke . you may recover more quickly from passing out with an injection of glucagon . this can only be given by someone who knows how to use it . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you come round . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if severe low blood sugar is not treated over time , it can cause brain damage . this can be short or long - lasting . it may even cause death . talk to your doctor if : your blood sugar got so low that you passed out you have used an injection of glucagon you have had too low blood sugar a few times recently . this is because the dosing or timing of your insulin injections , food or exercise may need to be changed . too high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) too high blood sugar may happen if you : 39 eat more or exercise less than usual ; drink alcohol ; get an infection or a fever ; have not used enough insulin ; keep using less insulin than you need ; forget to use your insulin or stop using insulin without talking to your doctor . warning signs of too high blood sugar these normally appear gradually : flushed , dry skin ; feeling sleepy or tired ; dry mouth , fruity ( acetone ) breath ; urinating more often , feeling thirsty ; losing your appetite , feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ). these may be signs of a very serious condition called ketoacidosis . this is a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar . if not treated , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death . what to do if you get too high blood sugar test your blood sugar level . test your urine for ketones . get medical help straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines and medicines , silgard can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects can be seen after the use of silgard : very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ), side effects found at the injection site include : pain , swelling and redness . headache was also seen . commonly ( more than 1 in 100 patients ), side effects found at the injection site include : bruising , itching , pain in extremity . fever and nausea have also been reported . rarely ( less than 1 in 1000 patients ): hives ( urticaria ). very rarely ( less than 1 in 10 , 000 patients ), difficulty breathing ( bronchospasm ) has been reported . when silgard was given with a combined diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis [ acellular , component ] and poliomyelitis [ inactivated ] booster vaccine during the same visit , there was more headache and injection - site swelling . side effects that have been reported during marketed use include : fainting , sometimes accompanied by shaking or stiffening , has been reported . although fainting episodes are uncommon , patients should be observed for 15 minutes after they receive hpv vaccine . allergic reactions that may include difficulty breathing , wheezing ( bronchospasm ), hives and rash have been reported . some of these reactions have been severe . as with other vaccines , side effects that have been reported during general use include : swollen glands ( neck , armpit , or groin ); muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms , legs and upper body , or confusion ( guillain - barré syndrome , acute disseminated encephalomyelitis ); dizziness , vomiting , joint pain , aching muscles , unusual tiredness or weakness , chills , generally feeling unwell , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , and skin infection at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause you to have dangerously low blood pressure . if this is not treated it may lead to shock . your doctors know that this might happen and will have emergency treatment ready to use . other side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache feeling tired pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given fever aching muscles , joint pain common : may affect less than 1 in 10 people warmth , itching or bruising where the injection was given increased sweating , shivering , flu - like symptoms swollen glands in your neck , armpit or groin uncommon : may affect less than 1 in 100 people tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 38 sleepiness feeling dizzy diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , feeling sick itching , rash generally feeling unwell sleeplessness additional side effects in children in a clinical study , children 3 to 9 years of age have received either two adult ( 0 . 5 ml ) or two half adult ( 0 . 25 ml ) doses . the frequency of side effects was lower in the group of children who received half of the adult dose . there was no increase after the second dose whether the children received half of the adult or the adult dose , except for some side effects which were higher after the second dose , particularly for rates of fever in < 6 years old children . in other clinical studies where children 6 months to 17 years received a similar vaccine containing a / indonesia / 05 / 2005 , increases in the frequency of some side effects ( including injection site pain , redness and fever ) were seen after the second dose in children aged less than 6 years . the side effects listed below have happened with h1n1 as03 - containing vaccines . they may also happen with adjupanrix . if any of the side effects below occur , please tell your doctor or nurse immediately : allergic reactions leading to a dangerously low blood pressure . if this is not treated , it may lead to shock . your doctors will know that this might happen and will have emergency treatment ready to use fits generalised skin reactions including urticaria ( hives ) the side effects listed below have happened in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . they may also happen with adjupanrix . if any of the side effects below occur , please tell your doctor or nurse immediately : very rare : may affect less than 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as inflammation of the central nervous system ( encephalomyelitis ), inflammation of nerves ( neuritis ) or a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and kidney problems rare : may affectless than 1 in 1 , 000 people serious stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood platelet count . this can cause bleeding or bruising reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more benepali . tell your doctor immediately , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . trouble swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , throat , hands , or feet feeling nervous or anxious , throbbing sensations , sudden reddening of the skin and / or a warm feeling severe rash , itching , or hives ( elevated patches of red or pale skin that often itch ) serious allergic reactions are rare . however , any of the above symptoms may indicate an allergic reaction to benepali , so you should seek immediate medical attention . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , you or the child may need urgent medical attention . signs of serious infections ( including pneumonia , deep skin infections , joint infections and blood infection ), such as high fever that may be accompanied by cough , shortness of breath , chills , weakness , or a hot , red , tender , sore area on the skin or joints ; signs of blood disorders , such as bleeding , bruising , or paleness ; signs of nerve disorders , such as numbness or tingling , changes in vision , eye pain , or onset of weakness in an arm or leg ; signs of heart failure or worsening heart failure , such as fatigue or shortness of breath with activity , swelling in the ankles , a feeling of fullness in the neck or abdomen , night - time shortness of breath or coughing , bluish colour of the nails or the lips ; signs of cancers : cancers may affect any part of the body including the skin and blood , and possible signs will depend on the type and location of the cancer . these signs may include weight loss , fever , swelling ( with or without pain ), persistent cough , presence of lumps or growths on the skin ; signs of autoimmune reactions ( where antibodies are made that may harm normal tissues in the body ) such as pain , itching , weakness , and abnormal breathing , thinking , sensation , or vision ; signs of lupus or lupus - like syndrome , such as weight changes , persistent rash , fever , joint or muscle pain , or fatigue ; signs of inflammation of the blood vessels such as pain , fever , redness or warmth of the skin , or itching . these are rare or uncommon side effects , but are serious conditions ( some of which may rarely be fatal ). if any of the above occurs , tell your doctor immediately , or visit the casualty department at your nearest hospital . the known side effects of benepali include the following in groups of decreasing frequency : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( including colds , sinusitis , bronchitis , urinary tract infections and skin infections ); injection site reactions ( including bleeding , bruising , redness , itching , pain , and swelling ). reactions at the injection site ( these do not occur as often after the first month of treatment ). some patients have developed a reaction at an injection site that was used before . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions ; fever ; rash ; itching ; antibodies directed against normal tissue ( autoantibody formation ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): serious infections ( including pneumonia , deep skin infections , joint infections , blood infection , and infections at various sites ); worsening of congestive heart failure ; low red blood cell count , low white blood cell count , low neutrophil ( a type of white blood cell ) count ; low blood platelet count ; skin cancer ( excluding melanoma ); localised swelling of the skin ( angioedema ); hives ( elevated patches of red or pale skin that often itch ); eye inflammation ; psoriasis ( new or worsening ); inflammation of the blood vessels affecting multiple organs ; elevated liver blood tests ( in patients also receiving methotrexate treatment , the frequency of elevated liver blood tests is common ); abdominal cramps and pain , diarrhoea , weight loss or blood in the stool ( signs of bowel problems . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reactions ( including severe localised swelling of the skin and wheezing ); lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ); leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ); melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ); combined low platelet , red , and white blood cell count ; nervous system disorders ( with severe muscle weakness and signs and symptoms similar to those of multiple sclerosis or inflammation of the nerves of the eyes or spinal cord ); tuberculosis ; new onset congestive heart failure ; seizures ; lupus or lupus - like syndrome 99 ( symptoms may include persistent rash , fever , joint pain , and tiredness ); skin rash , which may lead to severe blistering and peeling of the skin ; inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ; in patients also receiving methotrexate treatment , the frequency is uncommon ); immune disorder that can affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( sarcoidosis ); inflammation or scarring of the lungs ( in patients also receiving methotrexate treatment , the frequency of inflammation or scarring of the lungs is uncommon ); opportunistic infections ( infections that occur because of a weakened immune system ); lichenoid reactions ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash and / or threadlike white - grey lines on mucous membranes ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): failure of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells ; damage to nerves , including guillain - barré syndrome ( a serious condition which can affect breathing and damage body organs ); toxic epidermal necrolysis ( a life - threatening skin condition ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ); excessive activation of white blood cells associated with inflammation ( macrophage activation syndrome ); recurrence of hepatitis b ( a liver infection ); worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( muscle inflammation and weakness with an accompanying skin rash ); listeria ( a bacterial infection ). side effects in children and adolescents the side effects and their frequencies seen in children and adolescents are similar to those described above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience hives , itchy welts or wheals all over the skin , tightness of the chest , wheezing ( difficulty breathing ), you should immediately contact your physician since these might be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . in studies with atryn the following side effects were reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : itching at the site of infusion dizziness headache bleeding ( at site of infusion or after surgery ) nausea uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : 21 feeling hot infusion site reactions such as pain , bruising and redness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking the medicine and tell your doctor straight away if you develop opioid withdrawal symptoms ( if you have a combination of three or more of these symptoms : feeling depressed , nausea , vomiting , muscle aches , increased tearing , runny nose , dilation of the pupils , goosebumps , excess sweating , diarrhoea , yawning , fever or insomnia ) which would usually occur within the first few days after starting naloxegol . opioid withdrawal symptoms may affect up to 1 in 100 people . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain diarrhoea ( passing of frequent , watery stools ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): passing wind nausea ( feeling sick to the stomach ) vomiting nasopharyngitis ( runny or stuffy nose ) headache excessive sweating not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reaction gastrointestinal perforation ( a hole developing in the bowel wall ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious stop taking truberzi , and seek medical attention immediately if you have new or worsening stomach pain , with or without nausea and vomiting , while taking truberzi . these symptoms occur uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) and may indicate pancreas or bile duct system problems ( e . g . inflammation of the pancreas or spasm of the sphincter of oddi ). serious allergic reactions have happened in some people after taking 1 or 2 doses of truberzi . stop taking truberzi right away and get emergency medical care if you have signs or symptoms of an allergic reaction , including : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat - shortness of breath or other breathing problems - chest pain or tightness - itching - rash - hives severe constipation that can lead to hospitalization has happened after taking truberzi . stop taking truberzi and call your doctor right away if you develop severe constipation while taking truberzi . avoid taking truberzi with any other medicines that may cause constipation ( see section 2 : other medicines and truberzi ). other side effects can include common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness ; - sleepiness ; - constipation ; - feeling sick ( nausea ); - stomach ache ; - being sick ( vomiting ); - gas ( flatulence ); - feeling bloated ; - heartburn or acid reflux ; - rash ; - abnormal blood test results ( increased levels of certain liver enzymes ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects seek medical advice immediately or telephone for an ambulance if the patient experiences the following : severe breathing difficulties e . g . slow or shallow breathing or blue lips . in very rare cases breathing might stop . heart attack . signs may include chest pain which may spread to the child ' s neck and shoulders and down their left arm . other side effects if the patient gets any side effects , talk to their doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling and being sick sleepiness or losing consciousness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash , hives ( lumpy rash ), itchiness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): agitation , restlessness , hostility , rage or aggression , excitement , confusion , euphoria ( an excessive feeling of happiness or excitement ), or hallucinations ( seeing and possibly hearing things that are not really there ) muscle spasms and muscle tremors ( shaking of your muscles that you cannot control ) reduced alertness headache dizziness difficulty co - ordinating muscles fits ( convulsions ) temporary memory loss . how long this lasts depends on how much buccolam was given .. low blood pressure , slow heart rate , or redness of the face and neck ( flushing ) laryngospasm ( tightening of the vocal cords causing difficult and noisy breathing ) constipation dry mouth tiredness hiccups reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , methylthioninium chloride proveblue can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are the same in adults and children except jaundice which has only been reported in infants . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain in extremity - dizziness - sweating - skin discolouration . your skin may turn blue - blue or green urine - numbness and tingling - abnormal taste in mouth - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - chest pain - headache - anxiety - injection site pain - vomiting not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - serotonin syndrome when methylthioninium chloride proveblue has been taken with certain medicines to treat depression or anxiety , see section 2 - decreased haemoglobin ( protein in red blood cells that carry oxygen in the blood ) levels may be reported during blood tests - reduction in red blood cells which may turn your skin pale and make you breathless and weak - local tissue damage at the injection site - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) this has only been reported in infants - problems with speech - high or low blood pressure - agitation - lack of oxygen - irregular heartbeat , including an abnormally slow or fast beating of the heart - severe allergic reactions ( so called anaphylactic reaction which may cause your throat or face to swell , difficulty breathing or a severe rash ) - an increase in methaemoglobin ( an abnormal form of haemoglobin in the blood ) - shortness of breath - confusion - shaking - hives - fever - rapid breathing - dilated pupils - discoloured stools . they may appear green or blue - increased sensitivity of your skin to light ( photosensitivity ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 24 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop taking victrelis and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : difficulty breathing or swallowing , wheezing , hives , itching , swelling of your face , eyes , lips , tongue or throat these are signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) general : headache ; chills , fever ; feeling sick ( nausea ); flu - like symptoms ; feeling dizzy , low energy ; not being able to sleep ; low appetite , weight loss ; shortness of breath mouth , nose or throat : cough ; dry mouth ; funny taste skin and hair : dry skin , itching , rash ; hair loss or thinning of hair joints and muscles : unusual weakness ; painful , swollen joints ; muscle ache not caused by exercise stomach and gut : diarrhoea ; being sick ( vomiting ) mental illness : feeling anxious ; feeling of deep sadness or of being worthless ( depression ); feeling irritable , tense and restless blood : low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), drop in the number of red blood cells the signs may include feeling tired , headaches , being short of breath when exercising ; low neutrophil count ( neutropenia ), low number of white blood cells the signs may include getting more infections than usual - including fever , severe chills , a sore throat or mouth ulcers common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) general : shaking ; fainting ; difficulty breathing ; feeling thirsty ; trouble sleeping ; throbbing headache ; generally feeling unwell ; feeling like you are spinning eyes or ears : dry eyes ; ringing in the ears ; changes in your vision mouth , nose or throat : mouth pain , tooth ache ; pain when swallowing ; nose bleed , stuffy nose ; a change in how things smell ; sore and raised patches in the mouth ; feeling very thirsty with a dry mouth or dry skin ; swelling of the thyroid gland , neck or voicebox ; underactive thyroid gland ; sores or swelling in the mouth , burning feeling on the tongue ; feeling of tension or fullness in the nose , cheeks and behind the eyes - sometimes with a throbbing ache , fever or stuffy nose ( sinusitis ) skin and hair : cold sores , tingling or numbness of the skin ; reduced feeling or sense of touch ; skin rash , patchy skin rash , red skin ; red raised skin rash sometimes with pus - filled blisters ; hot , tender and red skin , sometimes with fever and chills ; increased sweating ; skin disease with thick patches of red skin often with silvery scales joints and muscles : muscle spasm ; feeling tired , muscle weakness , feeling cold ; back pain , neck pain , pain in the arms or legs stomach and gut : pain in stomach and in the upper right side of the stomach or back ; a burning feeling in the stomach , upset stomach ; feeling bloated , burping ( belching ) anus : wind ( flatulence ); piles ( haemorrhoids ); difficulty passing stools ( constipation ) urinary : going to the toilet to urinate more often than usual sexual : a decrease in sex drive ; difficulty getting or keeping an erection mental illness : changes in mood , feeling agitated ; memory loss , trouble concentrating chest : difficulty breathing ; chest discomfort , chest pain ; heavy feeling in the chest , with difficulty breathing or wheezing heart or circulation : fast or uneven heart - beat ; high or low blood pressure blood : drop in the number of blood platelets the signs may include bleeding or bruising more easily than usual ; high sugar ( glucose ) levels in the blood ; high triglycerides levels in the blood ; high uric acid levels in the blood ; a combination of low platelet , red and white blood cell counts ( pancytopenia ); a severe drop of neutrophil count ( agranulocytosis ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) general : light - headedness , arthritis ; increased tendency to bleed ; swollen glands in neck or armpit or groin ; intense burning or stabbing pain ; increased sensitivity to light , sound , what is felt , or food one tastes ; diabetes eyes or ears : pink eye ; eye pain ; deafness ; trouble hearing ; swelling around the eyelid ; increased tearing ; fluid draining from the ear or eye ; abnormal feeling around the eye , red patch on the white of the eye ; yellowing of the white part of the eyes or of the skin mouth , nose or throat : hoarseness , dry throat or lips ; painful or bleeding gums ; sensitive tooth or toothache ; tongue swollen , discoloured , or has sores ; blistering by the tongue ; severe pain 57 when swallowing ; chest pain close to the lungs ; chest pain worsens when taking a deep breath ; uncontrolled salivating ; overactive thyroid gland skin and hair : hives ; open sore ; intolerance to heat ; markedly red face ; pale face ; yellow skin ; rash due to sunlight ; wound not healing normally feet or hands or legs or arms : sensation of pain , numbness , tingling or prickling ; blood clot in a vein ; feeling cold in an arm or leg ; painful inflammation of the joints most commonly in the foot ( gout ) stomach and gut : lower stomach pain ; pancreatitis urinary : painful when urinating ; burning feeling or difficulty urinating ; get up several times during the night to urinate rectum or anus : anal itching ; inability to pass stools or discoloured stools ; more frequent bowel movements ; bleeding from anus sexual : missing menstrual period ; heavy or prolonged menstrual period ; uterine bleeding ( i . e ., prolonged > 7 days or excessive bleeding at irregular or more frequent than normal intervals , bleeding occurring in menopausal women at least 6 months to 1 year after cessation of cycles ) mental illness : anger ; hostile attitude or behaviour ; threatening behaviour ; substance abuse problems , abnormal behaviour ; feeling of confusion ; thoughts of suicide ; sudden intense fear or apprehension ; feeling you are being persecuted ; difficulty solving problems muscles : pain in your bones ; local or widespread pain chest : pneumonia heart or circulation : abnormal or rapid heart rate ; heart disease caused by poor blood flow in the heart blood : low potassium levels in your blood ; high calcium levels in the blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) general : difficult breathing and swallowing ; tumour of the thyroid ; infection of the blood ; swelling or lumps in organs of the body ; disease which leads to increasing muscle paralysis ; disease of the brain signs may include headache and fever , paralysis of a part of the body , a stiff neck or being sensitive to light eyes or ears : ear ache skin and hair : reddening of the skin ; bacterial skin infection stomach and gut : problems digesting food ; vomiting blood ; vomiting , diarrhoea , and severe right upper corner stomach ( abdominal ) pain sexual : drop in levels of sperm mental illness : changes in mood ; feeling like your life is falling apart ; seeing , feeling or hearing things that are not real ( hallucinations ); thoughts of killing yourself ( suicide ), trying to kill yourself ; feeling of great happiness ( mania ) and then a feeling of deep sadness or not being worthy chest : being short of breath when lying flat ; serious lung infection like pneumonia ; sharp chest pains which are worse when breathing ; pain behind breast bone which can spread to neck and shoulders heart or circulation : heart attack ; stopping breathing ; blood clot in the leg or arm ; decreased blood flow to parts of the brain ( e . g ., dizziness , double vision , or weakness on both sides of the body ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) skin and hair : severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , fatigue , swelling of the face or lymph glands , increase of eosinophils ( type of white blood cells ), effects on liver , kidney or lung ( a reaction called dress ); serious skin reaction , including blistering or peeling of the skin ( a reaction called stevens - johnson syndrome ) kidney : renal impairment ( generally reversible after conclusion of treatment ) 58 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a ) summary of serious and very common side effects low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . low blood sugar may occur if you : inject too much insulin . eat too little or miss a meal . exercise more than usual . drink alcohol ( see drinking alcohol and taking novomix 30 in section 2 ). signs of low blood sugar : cold sweat ; cool pale skin ; headache ; rapid heartbeat ; feeling sick ; feeling very hungry ; temporary changes in vision ; drowsiness ; unusual tiredness and weakness ; nervousness or tremor ; feeling anxious ; feeling confused ; difficulty in concentrating . severe low blood sugar can lead to unconsciousness . if prolonged severe low blood sugar is not treated , it can cause brain damage ( temporary or permanent ) and even death . you may recover more quickly from unconsciousness with an injection of the hormone glucagon given by someone who knows how to use it . if you are given glucagon , you will need glucose or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when the symptoms of low blood sugar have disappeared or when your blood sugar level is stabilised , continue insulin treatment as usual . if you have such low blood sugar that it makes you pass out , if you have had the need for an injection of glucagon , or if you have experienced many incidents of low blood sugar , talk to a doctor . the amount or timing of insulin , food or exercise may need to be adjusted . tell relevant people that you have diabetes and what the consequences may be , including the risk of passing out ( becoming unconscious ) due to low blood sugar . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn you on your side and get medical help straight away . they must not give you any food or drink because you may choke . serious allergic reactions to novomix 30 or one of its ingredients ( called a systemic allergic reaction ) is a very rare side effect , but it can potentially be life - threatening . it may affect less than 1 in 10 , 000 people . seek medical advice immediately : if signs of allergy spread to other parts of your body . if you suddenly feel unwell , and you : start sweating ; start being sick ( vomiting ); have difficulty in breathing ; have a rapid heartbeat ; feel dizzy . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) list of other side effects uncommon side effects may affect less than 1 in 100 people . signs of allergy : local allergic reactions ( pain , redness , hives , inflammation , bruising , swelling and itching ) at the injection site may occur . these usually disappear after a few weeks of taking your insulin . if they do not disappear , see your doctor . vision problems : when you first start your insulin treatment , it may disturb your vision , but the disturbance is usually temporary . changes at the injection site ( lipodystrophy ): the fatty tissue under the skin at the injection site may shrink ( lipoatrophy ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy ). changing the site with each injection reduces the risk of developing such skin changes . if you notice your skin pitting or thickening at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse . these reactions can become more severe , or they may change the absorption of your insulin , if you inject in such a site . swollen joints : when you start taking insulin , water retention may cause swelling around your ankles and other joints . normally , this soon disappears . if not , contact your doctor . diabetic retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes which can lead to loss of vision ): if you have diabetic retinopathy and your blood sugar level improves very fast , the retinopathy may get worse . ask your doctor about this . rare side effects may affect less than 1 in 1 , 000 people . painful neuropathy ( pain due to nerve damage ): if your blood sugar level improves very fast , you may get nerve related pain . this is called acute painful neuropathy and is usually transient . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : increased urination ; feeling thirsty ; losing your appetite ; feeling sick ( nausea or vomiting ); feeling drowsy or tired ; flushed ; dry skin ; dry mouth and a fruity ( acetone ) smell of the breath . what to do if you experience high blood sugar : if you get any of the above signs : test your blood sugar level , test your urine for ketones if you can , then seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor these very common side effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people treated with topotecan hospira : signs of infection : topotecan may reduce the number of white blood cells and lower your resistance to infection . this can even be life threatening . signs include : fever serious deterioration of your general condition local symptoms such as sore throat or urinary problems ( for example , a burning sensation when urinating , which may be a urinary infection ). occasionally severe stomach pain , fever and possibly diarrhoea ( rarely with blood ) can be signs of bowel inflammation ( colitis ) can be signs of bowel inflammation ( colitis ). this rare side effect may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people treated with topotecan hospira : lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease ): you are most at risk if you have existing lung disease , have had radiation treatment to your lungs , or have previously taken medicines that caused lung damage . signs include : difficulty breathing cough fever tell your doctor immediately if you get any symptoms of these conditions , as hospitalisation may be necessary . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people treated with topotecan hospira : feeling generally weak and tired ( temporary anaemia ). in some cases you may need a blood transfusion . unusual bruising or bleeding , caused by a decrease in the number of clotting cells in the blood . this can lead to severe bleeding from relatively small injuries such as a small cut . rarely , it can lead to more severe bleeding ( haemorrhage ). talk to your doctor for advice on how to minimise the risk of bleeding . weight loss and loss of appetite ( anorexia ); tiredness ; weakness . feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; constipation . inflammation and ulcers of the mouth , tongue or gums . high body temperature ( fever ). hair loss . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people treated with topotecan hospira : allergic or hypersensitivity reactions ( including rash ). yellow skin . feeling unwell . itching sensation . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people treated with topotecan hospira : severe allergic or anaphylactic reactions . swelling caused by fluid build up ( angioedema ). mild pain and inflammation at the site of injection . itchy rash ( or hives ). side effects with frequency not known the frequency of some side effects is not known ( events from spontaneous reports and the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): severe stomach pain , nausea , vomiting of blood , black or bloody stools ( possible symptoms of gastrointestinal perforation ). mouth sores , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , bloody stools ( possible signs and symptoms of inflammation of the inner lining of the mouth , stomach and / or gut [ mucosal inflammation ]). if you are being treated for cervical cancer , you may get side effects from the other medicine ( cisplatin ) that you will be given along with topotecan hospira . those effects are described in the cisplatin patient leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ) - uncontrolled bleeding - seizures ( convulsions ) - fever - chills - severe headache that does not go away . temozolomide sun treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising or bleeding , anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells ), fever , and reduced resistance to infections . the reduction in blood cell counts is usually short - lived . in some cases , it may be prolonged and may lead to a very severe form of anaemia ( aplastic anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your temozolomide sun dose will be reduced or treatment stopped . side effects from clinical studies temozolomide sun in combination treatment with radiotherapy in newly - diagnosed glioblastoma patients receiving temozolomide sun in combination with radiotherapy may experience different side effects from patients taking temozolomide sun alone . the following side effects may occur , and may require medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): loss of appetite , headache , constipation ( difficulty passing stools ), nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , rash , hair loss , tiredness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral infections , wound infection , reduced number of blood cells ( neutropenia , thrombocytopenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ), increased sugar in the blood , loss of weight , change in mental status or alertness , anxiety / depression , sleepiness , difficulty speaking , impaired balance , dizziness , confusion , forgetfulness , difficulty concentrating , inability to fall asleep or stay asleep , tingling sensation , bruising , shaking , abnormal or blurred vision , double vision , hearing impairment , shortness of breath , cough , blood clot in the legs , fluid retention , swollen legs , diarrhoea , stomach or abdominal pain , heartburn , upset stomach , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth , skin irritation or redness , dry skin , itching , muscle weakness , painful joints , muscle aches and pains , frequent 133 urination , difficulty with holding your urine , allergic reaction , fever , radiation injury , face swelling , pain , abnormal taste , abnormal liver function tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , red spots under the skin , low potassium level in the blood , weight gain , mood swings , hallucination and memory impairment , partial paralysis , impaired coordination , impaired sensations , partial loss of vision , dry or painful eyes , deafness , infection of the middle ear , ringing in the ears , earache , palpitations ( when you can feel your heart beat ), blood clot in the lung , high blood pressure , pneumonia , inflammation of your sinuses , bronchitis , a cold or flu , swollen stomach , difficulty controlling your bowel movements , haemorrhoids , peeling skin , increased skin sensitivity to sunlight , change in skin colour , increased sweating , muscle damage , back pain , difficulty in urinating , vaginal bleeding , sexual impotence , absent or heavy menstrual periods , vaginal irritation , breast pain , hot flushes , shivering , discolouration of your tongue , change in your sense of smell , thirst , tooth disorder . temozolomide sun monotherapy in recurrent or progressive glioma the following side effects may occur , and may require medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): reduced number of blood cells ( neutropenia or lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ), loss of appetite , headache , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation ( difficulty passing stools ), tiredness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): loss of weight , sleepiness , dizziness , tingling sensation , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upset stomach , rash , itching , hair loss , fever , weakness , shivering , feeling unwell , pain , change in taste . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduced blood cell counts ( pancytopenia , anaemia , leukopenia ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): cough , infections including pneumonia . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): skin redness , urticaria ( hives ), skin eruption , allergic reactions . other side effects cases of elevations of liver enzymes have been commonly reported . cases of increased bilirubin , problems with bile flow ( cholestasis ), hepatitis and injury to the liver , including fatal liver failure , have been uncommonly reported . very rare cases of severe rash with skin swelling , including on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet , or painful reddening of the skin and / or blisters on the body or in the mouth have been observed . tell your doctor immediately if this occurs . very rare cases of lung side effects have been observed with temozolomide sun . patients usually present with shortness of breath and cough . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . in very rare cases , patients taking temozolomide sun and medicines like it may have a small risk of developing secondary cancers , including leukaemia . new or reactivated ( recurring ) cytomegalovirus infections and reactivated hepatitis b virus infections have been uncommonly reported . cases of brain infections caused by herpes virus ( meningoencephalitis herpetic ), including fatal cases , have been uncommonly reported . cases of sepsis ( when bacteria and their toxins circulate in the blood and start to damage the organs ) have been uncommonly reported . cases of diabetes insipidus have been uncommonly reported . symptoms of diabetes insipidus include passing a lot of urine and feeling thirsty . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects please , inform your doctor or nurse immediately if you get any of these symptoms , as the medicine should be stopped and you may need urgent medical attention : - difficulty in swallowing or difficulty in breathing and cough ; swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue ; dry throat or throat tightening and severe rash . these may be signs and symptoms of a hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reaction and may be life - threatening . these severe reactions are uncommon side effects that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . - drop in blood pressure ; blurred vision ; dizziness . this severe reaction is an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . - abdominal ( belly ) pain with possible severe diarrhoea ; fever and nausea . these may be signs of an infection of the bowel , which shouldn ' t be treated with diarrhoea medicines that stop your bowels from moving . infection of the bowel ( clostridioides difficile infection ) is an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . other side effects may include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): fungal infection headache vomiting swelling , redness or pain around the needle where the medicine is given into a vein ( infusion site reaction ) increase in the amount of enzymes produced by your liver called transaminases - shown in blood tests itching uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infection inflammation of the nasal mucosa tract haematocrit decreased ( reduction of an indicator of amount of blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( reduction of an amount of blood cells ) low haemoglobin level ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( reduction of amount of blood cells ) decrease of special blood cells necessary for blood clotting allergic reaction seasonal allergy low blood glucose levels high blood glucose levels decreased appetite hearing things that do not exist ( auditory hallucination ) anxiety insomnia abnormal dreams muscle weakness in the extremities feeling lightheaded or faint , usually because of a drop in blood pressure sensations like numbness , tingling , pins and needles 42 reduced tactile sensation change in taste dry eye dizziness or loss of balance ( vertigo ) ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ) irregular or rapid heart beats , feeling your heart beat ( palpitation ), decrease of heart beat high blood pressure flushing ( e . g . redness of the face or neck ) swollen , red , irritated veins inflammation of the lining of the stomach , inflammation of the internal tissues of the mouth , abdominal pain , stomach discomfort / pain or indigestion , dry mouth , flatulence , discoloured faeces heartburn / acid regurgitation loss of tactile sensation at the mouth reduced tactile sensation at the mouth burning sensation in the mouth abnormal sweat cold sweat night sweat allergic skin reaction itchiness , red rash abnormal hair loss joint pain pain and swelling of the tendons inflammation of joints , pain in hands or feet , back pain , muscle spasm muscle inflammation / pain muscle and musculoskeletal pain ( e . g . pain in extremity , back pain , neck pain ), muscle weakness reduced kidney function blood in urine cloudy urine because of the presence of solid component feeling tired chills blood test alteration related to kidney or liver function ( blood alkaline phosphatase increased , blood albumin decreased ) worsening of a wound lower limb swelling medical device occlusion very rare cases of long lasting ( up to months or years ) or permanent adverse drug reactions , such as tendon inflammations , tendon rupture , joint pain , pain in the limbs , difficulty in walking , abnormal sensations such as pins and needles , tingling , tickling , burning , numbness or pain ( neuropathy ), depression , fatigue , sleep disorders , memory impairment , as well as impairment of hearing , vision , and taste and smell have been associated with administration of quinolone and fluoroquinolone antibiotics , in some cases irrespective of pre - existing risk factors . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability . disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal . blurred vision , double vision . vertigo , problems with balance , fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen . difficulties with erection . swelling of the body including extremities . feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking . weight gain . muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , pain in limb . sore throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar . change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , dizziness on standing , sensitive skin , loss of taste , burning sensation , tremor on movement , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , fainting , increased sensitivity to noise , feeling unwell . dry eyes , eye swelling , eye pain , weak eyes , watery eyes , eye irritation . heart rhythm disturbances , increased heart rate , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart beat , heart failure . flushing , hot flushes . difficulty breathing , dry nose , nasal congestion . increased saliva production , heartburn , numb around mouth . sweating , rash , chills , fever . muscle twitching , joint swelling , muscle stiffness , pain including muscle pain , neck pain . breast pain . difficulty with or painful urination , incontinence . weakness , thirst , chest tightness . changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine amino transferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ). hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . increased fluid in the abdomen . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ). jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effect of ferriprox is a very low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count . this condition , known as severe neutropenia or agranulocytosis , has occurred in 1 to 2 out of 100 people 39 who have taken ferriprox in clinical studies . a low white blood cell count can be associated with a serious and potentially life - threatening infection . report immediately to your doctor any symptoms of infection such as : fever , sore throat or flu - like symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): − abdominal pain − nausea − vomiting − reddish / brown discoloration of urine if you experience nausea or vomiting , it may help to take your ferriprox with some food . discolored urine is a very common effect and is not harmful . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): − low white blood cell count ( agranulocytosis and neutropenia ) − headache − diarrhoea − increase in liver enzymes − fatigue − increase in appetite not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): − allergic reactions including skin rash or hives events of joint pain and swelling ranged from mild pain in one or more joints to severe disability . in most cases , the pain disappeared while patients continued taking ferriprox . neurological disorders ( such as tremors , walking disorders , double vision , involuntary muscle contractions , problems with movement coordination ) have been reported in children who had been voluntarily prescribed more than double the maximum recommended dose of 100 mg / kg / day for several years and have also been observed in children with standard doses of deferiprone . the children recovered from these symptoms after ferriprox discontinuation . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . yescarta can cause side effects to your immune system that may be serious or life - threatening , and can lead to death . the following side effects have been reported with yescarta . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever , chills , reduced blood pressure which may cause symptoms such as dizziness , lightheadedness , fluid in the lungs , which may be severe and can be fatal ( all symptoms of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ). - fever or chills . - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( cells that carry oxygen ) which may cause you to feel extremely tired with a loss of energy . - low blood pressure , dizziness . - feeling sick , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the stomach or being sick . - headache , depressed level of consciousness , difficulty in speaking , agitation , shaking . - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important for fighting infections . - decreased levels of sodium , phosphate , or potassium which will show up on blood tests . - changes in the rhythm or rate of the heartbeat . - anxiety . - decrease in the number of cells that help clot the blood ( thrombocytopenia ). - infections in the blood caused by bacteria , viruses or other types of infection . - shortness of breath , cough . - low levels of antibodies called immunoglobulins , which may lead to infections . - high blood pressure . - swelling in the limbs , fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ). - muscle and joint pain , back pain . - extreme tiredness . - dehydration . - decreased appetite , weight loss . - confusion . - increased levels of liver enzymes which will show up on blood tests . - dry mouth . - low oxygen level in blood . - pain in the hands or feet . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty understanding numbers , memory loss , fits , loss of control of body movements . - failure of the kidneys causing your body to hold onto fluid which can be serious or life threatening . - fluid in the lungs . - lung infection . - sudden , unexpected stopping of the heart ( cardiac arrest ); this is serious and life - threatening . - heart failure . - muscle spasms . - difficulty to swallow . - leakage of fluids from blood vessels into surrounding tissue . this can lead to a weight gain and difficulty in breathing . - decreased levels of calcium which will show up on blood tests . - infections in the blood caused by fungi . - decreased levels of albumin which will show up on blood tests . - skin rash . - increased levels of bilirubin reporting on how your liver is working , which will show up on blood tests . - signs and symptoms of blood clots . - difficulty sleeping . - hypersensitivity . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation and swelling of spinal cord which may cause partial or total paralysis of limbs and torso . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the side effects listed above . do not try to treat your symptoms with other medicines on your own . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following side effects you should stop taking mysildecard and contact a doctor immediately ( see also section 2 ): 32 if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision ( frequency not known ) if you have an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 4 hours . prolonged and sometimes painful erections have been reported in men after taking sildenafil ( frequency not known ). adults side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) were headache , facial flushing , indigestion , diarrhoea and pain in the arms or legs . side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) included : infection under the skin , flu - like symptoms , inflammation of the sinuses , reduced number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), fluid retention , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , migraine , shaking , " pins and needles "- like sensation , burning sensation , reduced sense of touch , bleeding at the back of the eye , effects on vision , blurred vision and light sensitivity , effects on colour vision , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , vertigo , bronchitis , nosebleed , runny nose , cough , stuffy nose , stomach inflammation , gastroenteritis , heartburn , piles , abdominal distension , dry mouth , hair loss , redness of the skin , night sweats , muscle aches , back pain and increased body temperature . side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect 1 in 100 people ) included : reduced sharpness of vision , double vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , and breast enlargement in men . skin rash and sudden decrease or loss of hearing and decreased blood pressure have also been reported at an unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). children and adolescents the following serious adverse events have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ); pneumonia , heart failure , right heart failure , heart related shock , high blood pressure in the lungs , chest pain , fainting , respiratory infection , bronchitis , viral infection in the stomach and intestines , urinary tract infections and tooth cavities . the following serious adverse events were considered to be treatment related and were reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , swelling of the face , lips and tongue , wheezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing ), convulsion , irregular heart - beat , hearing impairment , shortness of breath , inflammation of the digestive tract , wheezing due to disrupted airflow . side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) were headache , vomiting , infection of the throat , fever , diarrhoea , flu and nosebleed . side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) were nausea , increased erections , pneumonia and runny nose . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials with elotuzumab : infusion related reactions empliciti has been associated with infusion related reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you feel unwell during infusion . below is a list of typical symptoms associated with infusion related reactions : fever chills high blood pressure other symptoms may occur as well . your doctor may consider slowing the empliciti infusion or interrupting it to manage these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever sore throat pneumonia weight decrease low white blood cell count cough common cold headache diarrhoea feeling tired or weak common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) chest pain blood clots in the veins ( thrombosis ) painful skin rash with blisters ( shingles , zona ) night sweats mood changes decreased sensitivity , especially in the skin allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) pain in the mouth / throat region / sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the side effects listed above . do not try to treat your symptoms with other medicines . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) or common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rapid weight gain . glivec may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). signs of infection such as fever , severe chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers . glivec can reduce the number of white blood cells , so you might get infections more easily . unexpected bleeding or bruising ( when you have not hurt yourself ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): chest pain , irregular heart rhythm ( signs of heart problems ). cough , having difficulty breathing or painful breathing ( signs of lung problems ). feeling light - headed , dizzy or fainting ( signs of low blood pressure ). feeling sick ( nausea ), with loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). rash , red skin with blisters on the lips , eyes , skin or mouth , peeling skin , fever , raised red or purple skin patches , itching , burning sensation , pustular eruption ( signs of skin problems ). severe abdominal pain , blood in your vomit , stools or urine , black stools ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ). severely decreased urine output , feeling thirsty ( signs of kidney problems ). feeling sick ( nausea ) with diarrhoea and vomiting , abdominal pain or fever ( signs of bowel problems ). severe headache , weakness or paralysis of limbs or face , difficulty speaking , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems such as bleeding or swelling in skull / brain ). pale skin , feeling tired and breathlessness and having dark urine ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). eye pain or deterioration in vision , bleeding in the eyes . pain in your hips or difficulty walking . numb or cold toes and fingers ( signs of raynaud ' s syndrome ). sudden swelling and redness of the skin ( signs of a skin infection called cellulitis ). difficulty hearing . muscle weakness and spasms with an abnormal heart rhythm ( signs of changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ). bruising . stomach pain with feeling sick ( nausea ). muscle spasms with a fever , red - brown urine , pain or weakness in your muscles ( signs of muscle problems ). pelvic pain sometimes with nausea and vomiting , with unexpected vaginal bleeding , feeling dizzy or fainting due to low blood pressure ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ). nausea , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , tiredness and / or joint discomfort associated with abnormal laboratory test results ( eg . high potassium , uric acid and calcium levels and low phosphorous levels in the blood ). blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): combination of a widespread severe rash , feeling sick , fever , high level of certain white blood cells or yellow skin or eyes ( signs of jaundice ) with breathlessness , chest pain / discomfort , severely decreased urine output and feeling thirsty etc . ( signs of a treatment - related allergic reaction ). chronic renal failure . recurrence ( reactivation ) of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you get any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache or feeling tired . feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or indigestion . rash . muscle cramps or joint , muscle or bone pain , during glivec treatment or after you have stopped taking glivec . swelling such as round your ankles or puffy eyes . weight gain . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anorexia , weight loss or a disturbed sense of taste . feeling dizzy or weak . difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ). discharge from the eye with itching , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ), watery eyes or having blurred vision . nose bleeds . pain or swelling in your abdomen , flatulence , heartburn or constipation . itching . unusual hair loss or thinning . numbness of the hands or feet . mouth ulcers . joint pain with swelling . dry mouth , dry skin or dry eye . decreased or increased skin sensitivity . hot flushes , chills or night sweats . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): reddening and / or swelling on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . painful and / or blistering skin lesions . slowing of growth in children and adolescents . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience an allergic attack , or a severe skin reaction ( e . g . blistering and peeling of the skin ), you must inform your doctor or nurse immediately mycamine may cause the following other side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal blood tests ( decreased white blood cells [ leucopenia ; neutropenia ]); decreased red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased magnesium in the blood ( hypomagnesaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - headache - inflammation of the vein wall ( at injection - site ) - nausea ( feeling sick ); vomiting ( being sick ); diarrhoea ; abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased alkaline phosphatase ; increased aspartate aminotransferase , increased alanine aminotransferase ) - increased bile pigment in the blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) - rash - fever - rigors ( shivering ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - abnormal blood tests ( decreased blood cells [ pancytopenia ]); decreased blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ); increases in a certain type of white blood cells called eosinophils ; decreased albumin in the blood ( hypoalbuminaemia ) - hypersensitivity - increased sweating - decreased sodium in the blood ( hyponatraemia ); increased potassium in the blood ( hyperkalaemia ); decreased phosphates in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); anorexia ( eating disorder ) - insomnia ( difficulty in sleeping ); anxiety ; confusion - feeling lethargic ( somnolence ); trembling ; dizziness ; disturbed taste - increased heart rate ; stronger heartbeat ; irregular heartbeat - high or low blood pressure ; skin flushing 31 - shortness of breath - indigestion ; constipation - liver failure ; increased liver enzymes ( gamma - glutamyltransferase ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes caused by liver or blood problems ); reduced bile reaching the intestine ( cholestasis ); enlarged liver ; liver inflammation - itchy rash ( urticaria ); itching ; skin flushing ( erythema ) - abnormal kidney function tests ( increased blood creatinine ; increased urea in the blood ); aggravated kidney failure - increase in an enzyme called lactate dehydrogenase - clotting in vein at injection - site ; inflammation at injection - site ; pain at injection - site ; collection of fluid in your body rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - anaemia due to breakdown of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ), breakdown of red blood cells ( haemolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - disorder of blood clotting system - ( allergic ) shock - damage to liver cells including death - kidney problems ; acute kidney failure additional side effects in children and adolescents the following reactions have been reported more often in paediatric patients than in adult patients : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - increased heart rate ( tachycardia ) - high or low blood pressure - increased bile pigment in the blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ); enlarged liver - acute kidney failure ; increased urea in the blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . there may be a higher risk of corneal side effects ( eye surface problems ) if you have : - complicated eye surgery - repeated eye surgery within a short period of time - certain disorders of the surface of the eye , such as inflammation or dry eye - certain general disease , such as diabetes or rheumatoid arthritis contact your doctor immediately if your eyes become more red or more painful whilst using the drops . this may be a result of inflammation on the eye surface with or without loss or damage of cells or an inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( iritis ). these side effects have been observed in up to 1 in 100 people . the following side effects have also been observed with nevanac 1 mg / ml eye drops , suspension or nevanac 3 mg / ml eye drops , suspension , or both . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - effects in the eye : eye surface inflammation with or without loss or damage of cells , foreign body sensation in the eyes , eyelid crusting or drooping . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : iris inflammation , eye pain , eye discomfort , dry eye , eyelid swelling , eye irritation , itchy eye , eye discharge , allergic conjunctivitis ( eye allergy ), increased tear production , deposits on the eye surface , fluid or swelling at the back of the eye , eye redness . - general side effects : dizziness , headache , allergic symptoms ( eyelid allergic swelling ), nausea , skin inflammation , redness and itching . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) effects in the eye : damage on the surface of the eye such as thinning or perforation , impaired healing of the eye , eye surface scar , clouding , reduced vision , eye swelling , blurred vision . general side effects : vomiting , increased blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious get urgent medical treatment immediately if you notice a severe allergic reaction after inhaling quinsair . symptoms include : - general itching and feeling of heat especially affecting the scalp , mouth , throat , palms or soles of your feet - severe wheezing , or noisy or difficult breathing - severe hives / nettle rash - swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue - pale or greyish skin colour - a fast heart beat - faintness or passing out stop using quinsair and tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience pain , stiffness and / or swelling in your joints - if you develop problems with your liver . symptoms include : - loss of appetite - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - dark coloured urine - itching - tenderness ( pain ) around the stomach ( abdomen ) other side effects can include : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - cough - abnormal sense of taste - tiredness , weakness and lower tolerance to exercise - loss of appetite - shortness of breath - changes in the amount and thickness of mucus / phlegm - coughing up blood - decreased amount of air that can be breathed out in one second ( decreased fev1 test ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - fungal infection around vagina - insomnia or difficulty sleeping - headache - dizziness - ringing or noise in the ears ( tinnitus ) - change to the voice - feeling and being sick - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - constipation - rash - joint or muscle pain - fever - abnormal blood test results ( increased levels of certain liver enzymes or bilirubin in the blood , and decreased kidney function test ) - decreased lung function test - increased or decreased amount of sugar ( glucose ) in the blood 40 - abnormal breathing sounds uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - fungal infection of the mouth - low numbers of red cells in the blood ( anaemia ) or the cells in the blood that help it clot ( platelets ) - low or high numbers of white cells in the blood - feeling anxious , restless or agitated and / or depressed - reduced sense of smell - feeling sleepy - changes in eyesight - loss of hearing - increased heart beat - difficulty in breathing - retching - indigestion - passing wind - hives / nettle rash and itching - chest wall pain - kidney failure - changes in heart rhythm - pain , burning , tingling , numbness and / or weakness in the limbs ( neuropathy ) the following side effects have also been reported after taking tablets or an intravenous infusion containing levofloxacin , so they might possibly occur after using quinsair : uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - feeling confused or nervous - shaking - sensation of dizziness , spinning or falling over ( vertigo ) - excessive sweating rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - hallucinations and / or feeling paranoid - feeling agitated - unusual dreams or nightmares - convulsions ( fits ) - tingling sensation ( pins and needles ) and / or numbness - palpitations - low blood pressure - muscle weakness - syndrome associated with impaired water excretion and low levels of sodium ( siadh ) - widespread rash , high body temperature , liver enzyme elevations , blood abnormalities ( eosinophilia ), enlarged lymph nodes and other body organs involvement ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ) - sharply demarcated , erythematous patches with / without blistering not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - low numbers of all types of cells in the blood - diabetic coma - severe mental problems ( which in very rare cases may lead to self - harm ) - pain , burning , tingling , numbness and / or weakness in the limbs ( neuropathy ) - involuntary muscle movements , twitching or spasms - fainting - severe throbbing headaches with loss of eyesight - temporary loss of vision - rapid or abnormal heart beat 41 - inflammation of the lung - severe skin reactions such as painful blistering or lesions possibly in the mouth , nose or vagina - increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight or uv light ( sunbeds or other uv lamps ) - inflammation of the blood vessels - inflammation of the mouth or lips - rapid breakdown of muscles - inflammation of a tendon or a broken tendon - pain including pain in the back , chest , arms and legs and arms very rare cases of long lasting ( up to months or years ) or permanent adverse drug reactions , such as tendon inflammations , tendon rupture , joint pain , pain in the limbs , difficulty in walking , abnormal sensations such as pins and needles , tingling , tickling , burning , depression , fatigue , sleep disorders , memory impairment , as well as impairment of hearing , vision , and taste and smell have been associated with administration of quinolone and fluoroquinolone antibiotics , in some cases irrespective of pre - existing risk factors . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . it is important that you are aware of what these side effects may be . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control your side effects . tell your doctor or nurse about any of the following serious side effects straight away : - if you experience sudden shortness of breath , flushing , nausea , headache , skin rash or hives ( itchy rash with swollen red bumps on the skin that appear suddenly ), itching , swelling around the eyes , tightness in the chest or throat during the infusion or shortly after it ( as the infusion may need to be stopped and you may need to be treated or observed for the side effects ) - if you get fever , chills and signs of an infection ( as this might require immediate treatment ) - if you have severe persistent diarrhoea ( liquid and frequent stools )— see section 2 the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia and leukopenia ), low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - diarrhoea ( loose or watery and frequent stools ) - nausea and vomiting - pain in the stomach or in the gut area - sore mouth - loss of weight - loss of appetite - loss of body fluid ( dehydration ) - low level of salts ( electrolytes ) in the body ( e . g . of potassium , magnesium ) - unusual hair loss - tiredness - dizziness - swelling and fluid retention in the soft tissues ( peripheral oedema ) 34 - soreness and swelling of the digestive tract lining ( mucosal inflammation ) - fever - generalised weakness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chills - infections , for example fungal infections in the mouth ( oral candidiasis ), fever with low counts of white blood cells ( febrile neutropenia ), infections related to the administration of the product into a vein - inflammation of the stomach and the guts ( gastroenteritis ) - systemic body inflammation , caused by infection ( sepsis ) - potentially life - threatening complication of whole body inflammation ( septic shock ) - infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) - low level of white blood cells subtype , called lymphocytes with important function for the immune system ( lymphopenia ) - decrease in some salts ( electrolytes ) in the body ( e . g . phosphate , sodium ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - sleeplessness - bad taste in the mouth - a syndrome called cholinergic syndrome with sweating , salivation and abdominal cramping - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - formation of a blood clot in a deep vein ( deep vein thrombosis ) or blockage of the main artery of the lung or one of its branches ( pulmonary embolism ), or blockage due to a blood clot elsewhere in the blood stream ( embolism ) - voice impairment , hoarse or excessively breathy voice - shortness of breath - inflammation in the gut - piles ( haemorrhoids ) - increases in liver enzymes ( alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase ) in laboratory blood tests - increase in bilirubin levels ( an orange - yellow pigment , waste product of the normal breakdown of the red blood cells ) in other laboratory measurements related to liver function - increase in other laboratory measurements ( increased international normalized ratio ) related to the blood clotting system function - abnormally low blood levels of albumin ( major protein in the body ) - sudden problems with kidney function which may lead to rapid deterioration or loss of the kidney function - abnormal reaction to the infusion causing symptoms like shortness of breath , flushing , headache , tightness in the chest or throat - abnormal fluid retention in the body causing swelling in the affected tissues ( oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - systemic body inflammation , caused by infection of the gall bladder and bile ducts ( biliary sepsis ) - allergic reaction to onivyde pegylated liposomal ( the active substance or the excipients ) - diminished availability of oxygen to the body tissues - inflammation of the oesophagus ( food pipe ) - formation or presence of a blood clot within a blood vessel vein or artery ( thrombosis ) - inflammation of the lining of the rectum ( the end of the large intestine ) - type of rash , characterised by appearance of a flat , red area on the skin covered with bumps ( maculo - papular rash ) - change in the colour of the nail plates reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 35 appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling sick or being sick stomach pain excessive thirst fast and deep breathing confusion unusual sleepiness or tiredness a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with steglatro . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene ( not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus ( see section " warnings and precautions " for symptoms ). if you notice any of the side effects above , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice the following side effects : dehydration ( losing too much water from your body ; common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) symptoms of dehydration include : dry mouth feeling dizzy , light - headed , or weak , especially when you stand up fainting you may be more likely to get dehydrated if you : have kidney problems take medicines that increase your urine production ( diuretics ) or lower blood pressure are 65 years or older 35 low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ; common ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you have any of the symptoms or signs below . the doctor may lower the dose of your insulin or other diabetes medicine . signs and symptoms of low blood sugar may include : headache drowsiness irritability hunger dizziness confusion sweating feeling jittery weakness fast heart beat if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects when taking steglatro : very common vaginal yeast infection ( thrush ) common yeast infections of the penis changes in urination , including urgent need to urinate more often , in larger amounts , or at night thirst vaginal itching blood tests may show changes in the amount of urea in your blood blood tests may show changes in the amount of total and bad cholesterol ( called ldl - a type of fat in your blood ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called haemoglobin ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') painful urination reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by tybost or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . the following side effects may occur when taking tybost with atazanavir . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ) yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high sugar levels in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) increased appetite , disturbed sense of taste , dry mouth headache , dizziness vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in pain after meals ( dyspepsia ), feeling bloated , wind ( flatulence ) increased levels of bilirubin in the blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) rash difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , drowsiness , tiredness ( fatigue ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood in the urine ( haematuria ) protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) feeling depressed itchiness aching muscles , weakness kidney stones fever sleep disorder reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information on the side effects of atazanavir or darunavir see the package leaflets for these medicines .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most frequent side effect is hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ). the specific frequency cannot be estimated from available data ( frequency not known ). serious hypoglycaemia may cause a heart attack or brain damage and may be life - threatening . for further information on the side effects of low blood sugar or high blood sugar , see the box at the end of this leaflet . severe allergic reactions to insulin may occur which may become life - threatening . such reactions to insulin or to the excipients can cause large - scale skin reactions ( rash and itching all over the body ); severe swelling of skin or mucous membranes ( angiooedema ), shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure with rapid heart beat and sweating . frequency of these reactions cannot be estimated from available data . side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) oedema insulin treatment may cause temporary build - up of water in the body with swelling in the calves and ankles . injection site reactions 334 side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reaction with low blood pressure ( shock ) injection site urticaria ( itchy rash ) other side effects include ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) sodium retention eye reactions a marked change ( improvement or worsening ) in your blood sugar control can disturb your vision temporarily . if you have proliferative retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes ) severe hypoglycaemic attacks may cause temporary loss of vision . skin changes at the injection site ( lipodystrophy ) if you inject your insulin too often at the same skin site , fatty tissue under the skin at this site may either shrink or thicken . insulin that you inject in such a site may not work very well . changing the injection site with each injection may help to prevent such skin changes . skin and allergic reactions other mild reactions at the injection site ( such as injection site redness , unusually intense pain on injection site , itching , injection site swelling or injection site inflammation ) may occur . they can also spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually resolve in a few days to a few weeks . insulin treatment can cause the body to produce antibodies to insulin ( substances that act against insulin ). however , only very rarely , this will require a change to your insulin dosage . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects these are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) see a doctor immediately , if you notice any of the following : herpes infections including shingles anaemia including due to low iron signs and symptoms of infection or inflammation mental disorder suicide intention or attempt stomach inflammation inflammation of liver liver failure allergic rash certain kinds of kidney problems drug ingestion in quantities greater than recommended see a doctor immediately , if you notice any of the side effects above . common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people decreased appetite trouble sleeping ; abnormal dreams ; nightmare ; abnormal behaviour ; feelings of deep sadness and unworthiness feeling dizzy ; headache spinning sensation bloating ; abdominal pain ; diarrhoea ; excessive gas in the stomach or bowel ; feeling sick ; vomiting ; indigestion ; belching certain kinds of rash ( more often when used in combination with darunavir ) tiredness , unusual tiredness or weakness ; fever increased liver blood tests ; abnormal white blood cells ; increased fat levels in blood ; increased level of enzyme from salivary glands or pancreas uncommon : the following may affect up to 1 in 100 people infection of the hair roots ; influenza ; skin infection due to virus ; vomiting or diarrhoea due to an infectious agent ; upper respiratory tract infection ; lymph node abscess wart lymph node pain ; low count of white blood cells that fight infection ; swollen glands in the neck , armpit and groin allergic reaction ; 126 increased appetite ; diabetes ; increased blood cholesterol and lipids ; high sugar levels in the blood ; excessive thirst ; severe weight loss ; high levels of fat ( such as cholesterol and triglycerides ) in the blood ; body fat disorder feeling anxious ; feeling of confusion ; depressed mood ; mood changes ; panic attack loss of memory ; pain in the hand due to nerve compression ; disturbance in attention ; dizziness with rapid changes in posture ; abnormal taste ; increased sleepiness ; lack of energy ; forgetfulness ; migraine headache ; loss of feeling , numbness or weakness of the arms and / or legs ; tingling ; sleepiness ; tension headache ; tremors ; poor quality sleep visual disturbance buzzing , hissing , whistling , ringing or other persistent noise in the ears palpitations ; slow heart rates ; fast or irregular heart beats hot flush ; high blood pressure harsh , raspy , or strained voice ; nosebleed ; nasal congestion abdominal pain upper ; rectal discomfort ; constipation ; dry mouth ; heartburn ; pain when swallowing ; inflammation of the pancreas ; ulcer or sore in stomach or upper intestine ; bleeding at anus ; stomach discomfort ; inflammation of the gums ; swollen , red sore tongue accumulation of fat in the liver acne ; unusual hair loss or thinning ; redness of skin ; unusual distribution of fat on the body , this may include loss of fat from legs , arms , and face , and increase in abdomen fat ; excessive sweating ; night sweats ; thickening and itching of the skin due to repeated scratching ; skin lesion ; dry skin joint pain ; painful joint disease ; back pain ; pain in bone / muscle ; muscle tenderness or weakness ; neck pain ; pain in arms or legs ; inflammation of the tendons ; decrease in the amount of minerals in the bone kidney stones ; urination at night ; kidney cyst erectile dysfunction ; breast enlargement in men ; menopausal symptoms chest discomfort ; chills ; swelling of face ; feeling jittery ; generally feeling unwell ; neck mass ; swelling of hands , ankles or feet ; pain decreased white blood cell count ; decreased count of platelets in blood ( a kind of cell that helps blood clot ); blood test showing reduced kidney function ; high blood sugar level ; increased muscle enzyme in blood ; sugar present in urine ; red blood cells present in urine ; weight gain ; increase in waist size ; decreased blood protein ( albumin ); increase in time for blood to clot additional side effects in children and adolescents hyperactivity reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . fasturtec will be administered at the same time as other medicines that may also cause side effects . if you suddenly notice : - a swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other part of your body - a shortness of breath , wheezing or breathing problems - a rash , itching or hives tell your doctor , nurse or hospital pharmacist immediately as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ). these are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea 28 - headache - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - allergic reactions , mainly rashes and urticaria . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - severe hypersensitivity reactions , such as anaphylaxis ( rare ) including anaphylactic shock ( frequency not known ) which may be fatal - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - wheezing or difficulty in breathing ( bronchospasm ) - blood disorders such as a disorder of the blood in which red blood cells are abnormally broken down ( haemolysis ), destroyed ( haemolytic anaemia ), or abnormal blood pigment levels ( methaemoglobinaemia ) - fits ( convulsion ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - runny or blocked nose , sneezing , facial pressure or pain ( rhinitis ). frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - involuntary muscle movements ( muscle contraction involuntary ). if you notice any of these , tell your doctor , nurse or hospital pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or hospital pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . veraseal contains the component of fibrin sealant . fibrin sealants may , in rare cases ( up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), cause an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : swelling under skin ( angioedema ), skin rash , hives or wheals ( nettle - rash ), tightness of the chest , chills , flushing , headache , low blood pressure , lethargy , nausea , restlessness , heart rate increase , tingling , vomiting or wheezing . in isolated cases , these reactions may progress to a severe allergic reaction . allergic reactions may especially be seen if the preparation is applied repeatedly , or administered to patients known to be allergic to constituents of the product . if you experience any of these symptoms after surgery , you should immediately consult your doctor or surgeon . there is also a theoretical possibility that your immune system will produce proteins to attack veraseal and , that these may interfere with your blood clotting . the frequency of this type of event is not known . if this product is accidentally placed inside a blood vessel , it can lead to blood clots , including disseminated intravascular coagulation ( dic ) ( when blood clots form throughout the blood vessels in the body ). there is also a risk of a severe allergic reaction . side effects which were reported during clinical trials with veraseal included : most serious side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abdominal abscess ( swollen area in abdomen caused by infection ) - abdominal wound dehiscence ( wound breakdown due to incomplete healing ) - leak of bile ( a liquid produced by the liver ) after the procedure - cellulitis ( infection of the skin ) - deep vein thrombosis ( blood clots in the blood vessels ) - liver abscess ( swollen area in the liver caused by infection ) - peritonitis ( inflammation of the wall of the abdomen ) - positive parvovirus b19 test ( laboratory result showing infection with the virus ) - postoperative wound infection - pulmonary embolism ( blood clots in blood vessels in the lungs ) - wound infection other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - nausea - pain caused by the surgery - pruritus ( itching ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - anaemia ( insufficiency of red blood cells ) - anxiety - atrial fibrillation ( irregular heartbeat ) - back pain - bladder spasm - chills 32 - conjunctival irritation ( eye irritation ) - constipation - contusion ( bruise ) - decreased urine output ( reduced urine production ) - dyspnoea ( difficulty in breathing ) - dysuria ( pain or difficulty in urination ) - ecchymosis ( bruising ) - erythema ( reddening of the skin ) - flatulence - headache - high body temperature - high or low blood pressure - high or low levels of white cells in blood - high potassium levels in blood - ileus ( obstruction of the intestine ) - impaired coagulation of blood - incision site erythema ( reddening of the skin at the incision site ) - incision site infection - increased blood bilirubin - increased levels of liver enzymes - increased or decreased glucose levels in blood - insomnia - low blood pressure due to the procedure - low calcium levels in blood - low magnesium levels in blood - low oxygen in blood - low potassium levels in blood - low protein levels in blood - low red blood cell levels caused by blood loss - low sodium levels in blood - oedema peripheral ( accumulation of fluid ) - pain , not specified - pain at the incision site - pain in extremity - plasma cell myeloma ( cancer of blood cells ) - pleural effusion ( abnormal amount of fluid around the lung ) - pleurisy ( inflammation of lungs wall ) - post procedural haemorrhage ( bleeding after the procedure ) - post procedural infection ( infection after the procedure ) - pulmonary oedema ( excess of watery fluid in lungs ) - retroperitoneal haematoma ( accumulation of blood in the abdomen ) - rhonchi ( rattling lung sounds ) - sleepiness - urinary retention - vascular graft complication ( complication of vessel bypass ) - vascular graft thrombosis ( blood clots in blood vessel bypass ) - ventricular tachycardia ( rapid heartbeats ) - vessel puncture site haematoma ( bruising at site of vessel puncture ) - vomiting - wheezing - wound secretion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or surgeon . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) or common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rapid weight gain . imatinib actavis may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). - signs of infection such as fever , severe chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers . imatinib actavis can reduce the number of white blood cells , so you might get infections more easily . - unexpected bleeding or bruising ( when you have not hurt yourself ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - chest pain , irregular heart rhythm ( signs of heart problems ). - cough , having difficulty breathing or painful breathing ( signs of lung problems ). - feeling light - headed , dizzy or fainting ( signs of low blood pressure ). - feeling sick ( nausea ), with loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). - rash , red skin with blisters on the lips , eyes , skin or mouth , peeling skin , fever , raised red or purple skin patches , itching , burning sensation , pustular eruption ( signs of skin problems ). - severe abdominal pain , blood in your vomit , stools or urine , black stools ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ). - severely decreased urine output , feeling thirsty ( signs of kidney problems ). - feeling sick ( nausea ) with diarrhoea and vomiting , abdominal pain or fever ( signs of bowel problems ). - severe headache , weakness or paralysis of limbs or face , difficulty speaking , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems such as bleeding or swelling in skull / brain ). - pale skin , feeling tired and breathlessness and having dark urine ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). - eye pain or deterioration in vision , bleeding in the eyes . - pain in your hips or difficulty walking . - numb or cold toes and fingers ( signs of raynaud ' s syndrome ). - sudden swelling and redness of the skin ( signs of a skin infection called cellulitis ). - difficulty hearing . - muscle weakness and spasms with an abnormal heart rhythm ( signs of changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ). - bruising . - stomach pain with feeling sick ( nausea ). - muscle spasms with a fever , red - brown urine , pain or weakness in your muscles ( signs of muscle problems ). - pelvic pain sometimes with nausea and vomiting , with unexpected vaginal bleeding , feeling dizzy or fainting due to low blood pressure ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ). - nausea , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , tiredness and / or joint discomfort associated with abnormal laboratory test results ( eg . high potassium , uric acid and calcium levels and low phosphorous levels in the blood ). - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - combination of a widespread severe rash , feeling sick , fever , high level of certain white blood cells or yellow skin or eyes ( signs of jaundice ) with breathlessness , chest pain / discomfort , severely decreased urine output and feeling thirsty etc . ( signs of a treatment - related allergic reaction ). - chronic renal failure . - recurrence ( reactivation ) of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you get any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache or feeling tired . - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or indigestion . - rash . - muscle cramps or joint , muscle or bone pain , during imatinib treatment or after you have stopped taking imatinib . - swelling such as round your ankles or puffy eyes . - weight gain . if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - anorexia , weight loss or a disturbed sense of taste . - feeling dizzy or weak . - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ). - discharge from the eye with itching , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ), watery eyes or having blurred vision . - nose bleeds . - pain or swelling in your abdomen , flatulence , heartburn or constipation . - itching . - unusual hair loss or thinning . - numbness of the hands or feet . - mouth ulcers . - joint pain with swelling . - dry mouth , dry skin or dry eye . - decreased or increased skin sensitivity . - hot flushes , chills or night sweats . if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - reddening and / or swelling on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . - painful and / or blistering skin lesions . - slowing of growth in children and adolescents . - if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . get urgent medical help if you have an allergic oedema with symptoms including hives ( nettle rash ), itching , rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . get urgent medical help if your muscles get very rigid or jerk violently , you get tremors , agitation , confusion , fever , rapid pulse , or wide fluctuations in your blood pressure . these can be symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms , a rare severe reaction to medicines used to treat disorders of the central nervous system ) or rhabdomyolisis ( a rare severe muscle disorder ). get urgent medical help if you have bleeding in your stomach or intestines which may be seen as blood in your faeces or darkened faeces . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - cough common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - new or increased abnormal body movements ( dyskinesia ); - infections of nose , sinuses , throat or lungs ; - change in colour of your mucus ; - discoloured ( i . e . not clear ) nasal mucus ; - irritation in throat or itchy throat ; - feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; - being prone to falls . other side effects you may experience of which the frequency is not known include : - skin cancer ; - lack of red blood cells so you are pale and feel tired ; being more prone to infections because of a lack of white blood cells ; lack of blood platelets which can lead to bruising and a tendency to bleed ; - decreased appetite ; - confusion ; hallucinations ; depression ; anxiety ; bad dreams ; unable to sleep ; abnormal thinking and perceptions , losing touch with reality ; feeling agitated ; suicidal ; being disorientated ; exaggerated feeling of happiness ; increased sex drive ; grinding of teeth ; feeling paranoid and delusional ; - movement disorder in which a person ' s muscles contract uncontrollably ; sudden , sometimes unpredictable changes in symptoms , due to the return of parkinson ' s disease symptoms ; sleepiness ; dizziness ; worsening of parkinson ' s disease ; pins and needles ; headache ; tremors ; seizure ; sudden onset of sleep ; restless legs syndrome ; ataxia ( disorder affecting co - ordination , balance and speech ); distorted sense of taste ; mental health disorders that affecting learning , memory , perception , and problem solving ; horner ' s syndrome ( an eye disorder ); dementia ; 29 - blurred vision ; double vision ; widening pupil ; prolonged rolling eyes upwards ; involuntary tight closure of the eyelids ; - heart problems , a noticeably rapid , strong , or irregular heartbeat ; - low blood pressure soon after standing up ; high blood pressure ; fainting ; blood clot in a vein ; hot flushes ; - shortness of breath ; difficulty in breathing ; difficulty in speaking ; hiccups ; - stomach pains ; constipation ; diarrhoea ; dry mouth ; stomach and intestinal bleeding ; stomach ulcer ; difficulty in swallowing ; indigestion ; burning sensation in the mouth ; passing wind ; change in colour of saliva ; more saliva than normal ; - swelling of face , lips , tongue , limbs and genitals ; excessive sweating ; rash ; severe itching of the skin ; condition called henoch - schoenlein purpura , the symptoms of which include a purple spotted skin rash ; allergic reaction causing a rash of round , red welts on the skin that itch intensely ; hair loss ; discoloured sweat ; - muscle spasms ; lockjaw ; - difficulty in emptying the bladder ; abnormal urine colour ; loss of bladder control ; - painful , abnormally long - lasting erection ; - swelling of lower legs or hands ; feeling weak and having no energy ; feeling tired ; lack of energy ; difficulty in walking ; chest pain ; - abnormal blood investigation results ; weight loss ; weight gain . you may experience the following side effects : - inability to resist the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altersed or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; they will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stocrin or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . the most notable unwanted effects reported with stocrin in combination with other anti - hiv medicines are skin rash and nervous system symptoms . you should consult your doctor if you have a rash , since some rashes may be serious ; however , most cases of rash disappear without any change to your treatment with stocrin . rash was more common in children than in adults treated with stocrin . the nervous system symptoms tend to occur when treatment is first started , but generally decrease in the first few weeks . in one study , nervous system symptoms often occurred during the first 1 - 3 hours after taking a dose . if you are affected your doctor may suggest that you take stocrin at bedtime . some patients have more serious symptoms that may affect mood or the ability to think clearly . some patients have actually committed suicide . these problems tend to occur more often in those who have a history of mental illness . always notify your doctor immediately if you have these symptoms or any side effects while taking stocrin . diarrhoea occurred in children who took stocrin oral solution and nelfinavir in combination with other antiretroviral medicines . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , problems with coordination or balance - stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - itching - tiredness - feeling anxious , feeling depressed tests may show : - increased liver enzymes in the blood - increased triglycerides ( fatty acids ) in the blood uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - nervousness , forgetfulness , confusion , fitting ( seizures ), abnormal thoughts - blurred vision - a feeling of spinning or tilting ( vertigo ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach ) caused by inflammation of the pancreas - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) that may cause severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome ) - yellow skin or eyes , itching , or pain in the abdomen ( stomach ) caused by inflammation of the liver - breast enlargement in males - angry behaviour , mood being affected , seeing or hearing things that are not really there ( hallucinations ), mania ( mental condition characterised by episodes of overactivity , elation or irritability ), paranoia , suicidal thoughts , catatonia ( condition in which the patient is rendered motionless and speechless for a period ) - whistling , ringing or other persistent noise in the ears - tremor ( shaking ) - flushing tests may show : - increased cholesterol in the blood 86 rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - itchy rash caused by a reaction to sunlight - liver failure , in some cases leading to death or liver transplant , has occurred with efavirenz . most cases occurred in patients who already had liver disease , but there have been a few reports in patients without any existing liver disease . - unexplained feelings of distress not associated with hallucinations , but it may be difficult to think clearly or sensibly - suicide reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using ovitrelle and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic reactions such as rash , fast or uneven pulse , swelling of your tongue and throat , sneezing , wheezing , or serious breathing difficulty are very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). lower abdominal pain , abdominal distension or abdominal discomfort together with nausea ( feeling sick ) or vomiting may be the symptoms of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ). this may indicate that the ovaries over - reacted to the treatment and that large ovarian cysts developed ( see also in section 2 . under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome "). this event is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). the ohss may become severe with clearly enlarged ovaries , decreased urine production , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . this event is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely . this could cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 . under " blood clotting problems "). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , redness or swelling . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , inovelon can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects can be very serious : rash and / or fever . these could be signs of an allergic reaction . if they happen to you tell your doctor or go to a hospital immediately : change in the types of seizures you experience / more frequent seizures which last a long time ( called status epilepticus ). tell your doctor immediately . a small number of people being treated with antiepileptics such as inovelon have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ). you may experience the following side effects with this medicine . tell the doctor if you have any of the following : very common ( more than 1 in 10 patients ) side effects of inovelon are : dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , sleepiness , fatigue . common ( more than 1 in a 100 patients ) side effects of inovelon are : problems associated with nerves including : difficulty walking , abnormal movement , convulsions / seizures , unusual eye movements , blurred vision , trembling . problems associated with the stomach including : stomach pain , constipation , indigestion , loose stools ( diarrhoea ), loss or change in appetite , weight loss . infections : ear infection , flu , nasal congestion , chest infection . in addition , patients have experienced : anxiety , insomnia , nose bleeds , acne , rash , back pain , infrequent periods , bruising , head injury ( as a result of accidental injury during a seizure ). uncommon ( between 1 in a 100 and 1 in a 1000 patients ) side effects of inovelon are : allergic reactions and an increase in markers of liver function ( hepatic enzyme increase ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects mektovi may cause serious side effects . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ). heart problems : mektovi can affect how well your heart works ( left ventricular ejection fraction decrease ); signs and symptoms can include : feeling dizzy , tired or lightheaded shortness of breath feeling like your heart is pounding , racing or beating irregularly 38 swelling in the legs high blood pressure : mektovi can increase blood pressure . tell your doctor immediately if you get severe headache , feel dizzy or lightheaded or if your blood pressure measured on a home blood pressure device is much higher than usual . blood clots : mektovi may cause blood clots ( venous thromboembolism including pulmonary embolism ); signs and symptoms can include : chest pain sudden shortness of breath or trouble breathing pain in your legs with or without swelling swelling in your arms and legs a cool , pale arm or leg eye problems : mektovi can cause fluid to leak under the retina in the eye , leading to detachment of different layers in the eye ( retinal pigment epithelial detachment ) which could lead to : blurred vision , loss of vision , or other vision changes ( such as coloured dots in your vision ) halo ( seeing blurred outline around objects ) eye pain , swelling or redness muscle problems : mektovi can cause breakdown of muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) which can lead to kidney damage and can be fatal ; signs and symptoms can include : muscle pain , cramps , stiffness or spasm dark urine bleeding problems : mektovi can cause serious bleeding problems . tell your doctor right away if you have any unusual bleeding or signs of bleeding , including : headaches , dizziness or weakness coughing up of blood or blood clots vomit containing blood or that looks like " coffee grounds " red or black stools that look like tar passing blood in the urine stomach ( abdominal ) pain unusual vaginal bleeding other skin cancers : when mektovi is taken with encorafenib , the patient may develop different types of skin cancer such as cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma . usually , these skin cancers ( see also section 2 ) are confined to a small area and can be removed with surgery and treatment with mektovi ( and encorafenib ) can continue without interruption . other side effects when mektovi and encorafenib are taken together : besides the serious side effects mentioned above , people taking mektovi and encorafenib together may also get the following side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduced red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - problem with the nerves resulting in pain , loss of sensation or tingling in hands and feet - headache - dizziness - bleeding at various sites in the body - problems with your vision ( visual impairment ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation 39 - itching - dry skin - hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - skin rash of various types - thickening of the outer layers of the skin - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain , weakness or spasm - back pain - pain in the extremities - fever - swelling of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ), localised swelling - fatigue - abnormal blood test results for liver function - abnormal blood test result related to blood creatine kinase , indicating damage to heart and muscle common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - some types of skin tumours such as skin papilloma and basal cell carcinoma - allergic reaction that may include swelling of the face and difficulty breathing - changes in the way things taste - inflammation of the eye ( uveitis ) - inflammation of the colon ( colitis ) - redness , chapping or cracking of the skin - inflammation of the fatty layer under the skin , symptoms include tender skin nodules - skin rash with a flat discoloured area or raised bumps like acne ( dermatitis acneiform ) - redness , skin peeling or blisters on hand and feet ( palmar plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - kidney failure - abnormal kidney test results ( creatinine elevations ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function ( blood alkaline phosphatase ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( amylase , lipase ) - increased skin sensitivity to sunlight uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - weakness and paralysis of face muscles - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing severe abdominal pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or get medical help straight away if you get any signs of serious infection such as : fever and symptoms of urinary tract infection ( urinating more frequently than usual , pain or discomfort when urinating or back pain ). urinary tract infections are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), and some of these may be serious . lung infection ( pneumonia ): symptoms can include persistent cough , fever , shortness of breath , and tiredness . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). shingles ( herpes zoster ): symptoms can include a painful skin rash with blisters . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects talk to your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) throat and nose infections dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood tests may show : a low number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) an increase in a muscle enzyme called creatine phosphokinase an increased level of blood fat ( cholesterol ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects with beovu injection are either from the medicine itself or from the injection procedure and they mostly affect the eye . some side effects could be serious get immediate medical help if you have any of the following , which are signs of allergic reactions , inflammations or infections : a sudden decrease or change in vision pain , increased discomfort , worsening eye redness if you have any serious side effects , tell your doctor immediately . other possible side effects other side effects which may occur after beovu treatment include those listed below . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear within a week after each injection . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor . common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people inflammation of the middle layer of the eye wall ( uveitis ) detachment of the gel - like substance inside the eye ( vitreous detachment ) tearing of the retina ( the part at the back of the eye that detects light ) or one of its layers ( retinal pigment epithelial tear ) reduced sharpness of vision ( reduced visual acuity ) bleeding in the retina ( retinal haemorrhage ) inflammation of the iris , the coloured part of the eye ( iritis ) clouding of the lens of the eye ( cataract ) bleeding from small blood vessels in the outer layer of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ) moving spots in your vision ( vitreous floaters ) eye pain increase in pressure inside the eye ( intraocular pressure increase ) redness in the white of the eye ( conjunctivitis ) blurred or unclear vision scratched cornea , damage to the clear layer of the eyeball that covers the iris ( corneal abrasion ) damage to the clear layer of the eyeball that covers the iris ( punctuate keratitis ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in every 100 people severe inflammation inside the eye ( endophthalmitis ) blindness sudden vision loss due to blockage of an artery in the eye ( retinal artery occlusion ) detachment of the retina ( retinal detachment ) redness of the eye ( conjunctival hyperaemia ) increased tear production ( lacrimation increased ) abnormal feeling in the eye detachment of one of the layers of the retina ( detachment of retinal pigment epithelium ) inflammation of the gel - like substance inside the eye ( vitritis ) inflammation of the front of the eye ( anterior chamber inflammation or flare ) inflammation in the iris and its adjacent tissue in the eye ( iridocyclitis ) swelling of the cornea , the clear layer of the eyeball ( corneal oedema ) bleeding in the eye ( vitreous haemorrhage ) 34 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data sudden vision loss due to blockage of blood vessels in the back of the eye ( retinal vascular occlusion ) inflammation of blood vessels in the back of the eye ( retinal vasculitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : - drowsiness , shaking , jaundice , abdominal bloating and easy bruising . these may be symptoms of liver failure and can be life - threatening . - swelling of the legs and feet , back pain , reduced passing of water , increased thirst , rapid pulse , dizziness and nausea , vomiting or reduced appetite and feelings of confusion , restlessness or fatigue . these may be symptoms of kidney failure and can be life - threatening . - a fever . this could be due to an infection as a result of having low levels of white blood cells , which can be life - threatening . - chest pain or shortness of breath which may be accompanied with a fever . this may be due to an infection of the lung called " pneumonia ", and can be life - threatening . - bleeding . such as blood in the stools due to bleeding in the stomach or gut , or such as bleeding inside your head . these may be symptoms of having low levels of platelets in your blood . - difficulty breathing , swelling of the lips , itching or rash . this may be due to an allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduced red blood count ( anaemia ). you may feel tired and pale . - reduced white blood cell count . this may be accompanied by a fever . you are also more likely to get infections . - a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ). you are more prone to bleeding and bruising . - constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting . - pneumonia . - chest pain , being short of breath . - tiredness ( fatigue ). - injection site reaction including redness , pain or a skin reaction . - loss of appetite . - joint aches . - bruising . - rash . - red or purple spots under your skin . - pain in your belly ( abdominal pain ). - itching . - fever . - sore nose and throat . - dizziness . - headache . - having trouble sleeping ( insomnia ). - nosebleeds ( epistaxis ). - muscle aches . - weakness ( asthenia ). - weight loss . - low levels of potassium in your blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding inside your head . - an infection of the blood caused by bacteria ( sepsis ). this may be due to low levels of white cells in your blood . - bone marrow failure . this can cause low levels of red and white blood cells and platelets . - a type of anaemia where your red and white blood cells and platelets are reduced . - an infection in your urine . - a viral infection causing cold sores ( herpes ). - bleeding gums , bleeding in the stomach or gut , bleeding from around your back passage due to piles ( haemorrhoidal haemorrhage ), bleeding in your eye , bleeding under your skin , or into your skin ( haematoma ). - blood in your urine . - ulcers of your mouth or tongue . - changes to your skin at the injection site . these include swelling , a hard lump , bruising , bleeding into your skin ( haematoma ), rash , itching and changes in the skin colour . - redness of your skin . - skin infection ( cellulitis ). - an infection of the nose and throat , or sore throat . - sore or runny nose or sinuses ( sinusitis ).. - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension or hypotension ). - being short of breath when you move . - pain in your throat and voicebox . - indigestion . - lethargy . - feeling generally unwell . - anxiety . - being confused . - hair loss . - kidney failure . - dehydration . - white coating covering tongue , inner cheeks , and sometimes on the roof of your mouth , gums and tonsils ( oral fungal infection ). - fainting . - a fall in blood pressure when standing ( orthostatic hypotension ) leading to dizziness when moving to a standing or sitting position . - sleepiness , drowsiness ( somnolence ). - bleeding due to a catheter line . - a disease affecting the gut which can result in fever , vomiting and stomach pain ( diverticulitis ). - fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ). - shivering ( chills ). - muscle spasms . - raised itchy rash on the skin ( urticaria ). - collection of fluid around the heart ( pericardial effusion ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction . - shaking . - liver failure . - large plum - coloured , raised painful patches on the skin with fever . - painful skin ulceration ( pyoderma gangrenosum ). - inflammation of the lining around the heart ( pericarditis ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - dry cough . - painless swelling in the finger tips ( clubbing ). - tumour lysis syndrome - metabolic complications that can occur during treatment of cancer and sometimes even without treatment . these complications are caused by the product of dying cancer cells and may include the following : changes to blood chemistry ; high potassium , 31 phosphorus , uric acid , and low calcium consequently leading to changes in kidney function , heartbeat , seizures , and sometimes death . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - infection of the deeper layers of skin , which spreads quickly , damaging the skin and tissue , which can be life - threatening ( necrotizing fasciitis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 24 bleeding at the injection site , e . g . blood blister ( haematoma ) chest pain / angina , low blood pressure and heart failure / shortness of breath may reappear burning sensation when rapilysin is injected common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bleeding in the digestive tract ( e . g . bloody or black vomit , or stools ) in the gums or in the urinary or genital tract abnormal heart beats ( arrhythmias ), cardiac arrest , circulatory collapse or another heart attack may occur uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding around the heart , in the abdomen , the brain or the eyes , under the skin , from the nose or as coughed up blood damage to the heart or heart valves , or a blood clot in the lung , brain or other part of body mayoccur hypersensitivity ( e . g . allergic reactions ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) events related to the nervous system ( e . g . epileptic seizure , convulsion , speech disorder , delirium , agitation , confusion , depression , psychosis ) severe allergic reaction , causing shock or collapse side effects of frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) blockage of blood vessels due to cholesterol ( fat ) cardiovascular events can be life - threatening or cause death . patients with systolic blood pressure over 160 mmhg have a greater risk of bleeding in the brain . the risk of intracranial bleeding and fatal intracranial bleeding increases with increasing age . blood transfusions were rarely required . death or permanent disability are not uncommon in patients who have a stroke ( including bleeding in the brain ) or other serious bleeding problem . be sure to tell hospital staff immediately if any of these symptoms appear . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if persistent vomiting occurs , you should contact your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): irregular menstrual periods and stopping of menstrual periods in fertile women . if you are sexually active and your period stops altogether , do not assume that this is caused by pheburane . if this occurs , please discuss it with your doctor , because the absence of your period may be caused by pregnancy ( see ' pregnancy and breast - feeding ' section above ) or by menopause . common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): changes in number of blood cells ( red cells , white cells and platelets ), changes in the amount of bicarbonate in the blood , reduced appetite , depression , irritability , headache , fainting , fluid retention ( swelling ), changes in taste ( taste disturbances ), stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , abnormal skin odor , rash , abnormal kidney function , weight gain , altered laboratory test values . uncommon side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 1 , 000 people ): deficiency in red blood cells due to failure of the bone marrow , bruising , altered heart rhythm , rectal bleeding , inflammation of the stomach , stomach ulcer , inflammation of the pancreas . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
"). children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and cinqaero tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this is particularly important : - if you are receiving other medicines which affect your immune system ; - if you have recently received a vaccination or if you are likely to need a vaccination . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . the active substance in this medicine may pass into breast milk but only during the first few days after birth . driving and using machines it is unlikely that cinqaero will affect your ability to drive and use machines . cinqaero contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '. 3 . how cinqaero is given always follow the instructions exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor if you are not sure . the dose depends on your body weight . your doctor will work out the right dose for you . the maximum dose is 3 mg per kg of body weight . cinqaero will be given every 4 weeks . you will be given cinqaero by a doctor or nurse as an infusion ( drip ) into a vein . the infusion will take about 20 to 50 minutes . it may take more than one dose before your asthma symptoms improve . your doctor or nurse will watch you closely during and after your infusion for signs of an allergic reaction . if you miss your scheduled dose of cinqaero if you miss a scheduled dose of cinqaero , ask your doctor when to schedule your next treatment . if you stop using cinqaero do not stop treatment with cinqaero unless your doctor tells you to , even if you feel better . interrupting or stopping treatment with this medicine may cause your asthma symptoms to come back . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . 4 . possible side effects like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions can happen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) while receiving cinqaero or afterwards . your doctor or nurse will watch you closely for signs of a reaction . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you have any of the symptoms of an allergic reaction ( e . g . itching , trouble breathing , wheezing , fever , shivering , dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal discomfort , skin rash , redness or swelling ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increase of an enzyme in your blood ( blood creatine phosphokinase ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) muscle pain ( myalgia ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reaction severe allergic reaction has been reported uncommonly ( 1 case ). please consult a doctor immediately if you experience any signs or symptoms of a serious allergic reaction , e . g ., wide spread redness or rash , swelling , tightness in the throat or difficulty breathing . you must not be given xiapex if you know that you have had a serious allergic reaction to collagenase or any of the other ingredients . dupuytren ' s contracture most of the side effects that occurred in the clinical studies were mild or moderate in severity and were localised to the hand treated . the following side effects have been seen with xiapex administered in up to two cords or joints per treatment visit : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): reactions at the injection site like bleeding , pain , swelling , tenderness and bruising itching in the hand feeling of pain in the hand , wrist or arm swollen or enlarged glands near the elbow or under the arm swelling in the hand or arm common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reactions at the injection site like pain , warmth , swelling , presence of a blister , redness of skin and / or skin rash skin wound at the site of injection skin wound , blood blister painful glands near the elbows or under the arm joint swelling and pain burning sensation , partial loss of sensitivity , feeling of " pins and needles " or numbness dizziness , headache , nausea increased perspiration 43 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rupture of a tendon , ligament injury low blood platelet count swelling of the eyelid allergic reaction chronic pain discomfort , injury , paralysis of the limb tremor / shaking , increased sensitivity to stimuli fainting vomiting , diarrhoea , upper abdominal pain rash , eczema stiffness , creaking of the joints muscle spasm , muscle weakness , musculoskeletal stiffness or discomfort feeling of pain in the groin , shoulder , chest wall , or neck swelling fever , general pain , discomfort , tiredness , feeling hot , malaise , flu - like illness cold intolerance of the treated fingers reactions at the site of injection including peeling of the skin , skin discolouration , infection , pain , skin tightness , numbness , irritation or nodules , scab , wound increased liver enzymes agitation , disorientation , irritability , restlessness , difficulty sleeping shortness of breath , hyperventilation inflammation of the lymph nodes ( lymphadenitis ), inflammation of lymphatic channels ( lymphangitis ) leading to reddened skin with elevated borders , tender and warm , usually accompanied by a red streak , enlarged lymph nodes frequency of side effects not known fractured finger loss of finger or finger parts peyronie ' s disease penile fracture ( corporal rupture ) or other serious injury to the penis penile fracture ( corporal rupture ) or other serious injury to the penis has uncommonly occurred . call your doctor right away if you experience any of the symptoms of penile fracture or other serious injury to your penis which are as follows : a popping sound or sensation in an erect penis , sudden loss of the ability to maintain an erection , pain in your penis , purple bruising and swelling of your penis , difficulty urinating or blood in the urine , a collection of blood under the skin at the injection site . most of the side effects that occurred in the clinical studies were mild or moderate in severity and most resolved within 2 weeks of the injection . the following side effects have been seen with xiapex : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bruising or swelling of the penis and pain in the penis a small collection of blood under the skin at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reactions at the injection site such as presence of a blister , swelling , itching or a solid raised area under the skin pain at the injection site and above the penis blister or redness / discolouration of the penis genital itchiness 44 painful erection , painful sex and erectile dysfunction . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): lymph node pain and swollen lymph nodes increased white blood cells fast heart rate ringing in the ear abdominal swelling constipation feeling hot injection site rash fever weakness chills flu - like illness drainage from a blister on the penis tenderness allergic reaction fungal skin infection infection upper respiratory infection skin cut open wound collection of blood outside of a blood vessel on scrotum joint injury popping sound / sensation indicating penile fracture blood sugar increased blood pressure increased water retention back pain groin pain and discomfort thickening near ligament at base of penis tenderness in ligament at base of penis headache dizziness unpleasant taste abnormal sensation burning sensation increased / decreased sensitivity to stimuli to senses abnormal dreams depression avoidance of sex painful / increased urination scar tissue in penis penis disorder worsening of peyronie ' s disease sexual dysfunction scrotal redness , swelling and pain genital discomfort and bruising pelvic pain penis size reduced formation of a blood clot inside the penile vein cough small area of inflammation 45 night sweats sore on the skin of the penis skin rash producing redness skin disorder / irritation collection of blood outside the blood vessels bruising disease of the lymph vessels superficial vein inflammation reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , the medicine radiolabelled with lumark can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . dry mouth has been reported among patients with prostate cancer receiving treatment with lutetium ( p177plu ) and has been temporary . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) reduction in blood cell counts ( platelets , red or white blood cells ) nausea vomiting mild temporary hair loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone marrow cancer ( myelodysplastic syndrome ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bone marrow cancer ( acute myeloid leukaemia ) 25 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) carcinoid crisis tumour lysis syndrome ( rapid breakdown of tumour cells ) bone marrow cancer ( myelodysplastic syndrome and acute myeloid leukaemia ) has been reported in patients several years after treatment with lutetium ( p177plu ) peptide receptor radionuclide therapy for neuroendocrine tumours . after the medicine radiolabelled with lumark is administered , it will deliver certain amounts of ionising radiation ( radioactivity ) which carries a small risk of cancer and development of hereditary defects . in all cases , the risk of the radiation is outweighed by the potential benefit of receiving the radiolabelled medicine . for more information , refer to the package leaflet of the particular medicine to be radiolabelled . if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , enviage can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( affecting less than 1 in 10 patients ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( affecting less than 1 in 100 patients ): skin rash . rare ( affecting less than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ): angioedema ( difficulties in breathing , or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): kidney problems . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start symtuza . if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , your doctor should check your blood tests more often because you have an increased chance of developing liver problems . talk to your doctor about the signs and symptoms of liver problems . these may include yellowing of your skin or whites of your eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) urine , pale - coloured stools ( bowel movements ), nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , or pain , aching , or pain and discomfort on your right side below your ribs . skin rash may affect more than 1 in 10 patients receiving symtuza . although most rashes are mild and disappear after a while as treatment is continued , a rash can occasionally be severe or potentially life - threatening . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether symtuza must be stopped . other severe side effects , seen up to 1 patient in 10 , were diabetes , increased blood fat levels and symptoms of infection . inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) has been reported in up to 1 patient in 100 . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache diarrhoea rash common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) allergic reactions such as nettle rash ( urticaria ), itching , decreased appetite ( anorexia ) abnormal dreams vomiting , pain or swelling of the belly , indigestion , flatulence ( wind ) abnormal blood test results such as some tests for your kidney . your doctor will explain these to you . dizziness joint pain muscle pain , muscle cramps or weakness weakness tiredness ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( nausea ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe swelling of the skin and other tissues ( most often the lips or the eyes ) symptoms of infection or of autoimmune disorders ( immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome ) enlargement of breasts osteonecrosis ( bone damage caused by loss of blood supply to the bone ) abnormal blood test results such as some tests for your pancreas . your doctor will explain these to you . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a reaction called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , fatigue , swelling of the face or lymph glands , increase of eosinophils ( type of white blood cells ), effects on liver , kidney or lung ]. some side effects are typical for anti - hiv medicines similar to symtuza . these are : - raised blood sugar and worsening of diabetes - muscle pain , tenderness or weakness . on rare occasions , these muscle disorders have been serious . - immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome . in some patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of opportunistic infection ( unusual infections due to a weakened immune system ), signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after hiv treatment is started , including symtuza . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects may be caused by beromun , melphalan , the ilp technique or a combination of these factors . some of the side effects can be serious , particularly if beromun reaches other parts of your body ( systemic leakage ). in approximately 2 % of cases , beromun may cause tissue damage in your affected arm or leg which is severe enough to require amputation . if there is any risk of serious side effects , your doctor will immediately transfer you to an intensive care unit to closely monitor you and start adequate treatment . the following side effects were observed during treatment with this medicine ( grouped by how likely they are to happen ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - disturbances in your heart beat ( arrhythmia ) - feeling sick , vomiting - liver damage - blistering of the skin - fever ( usually mild to moderate ), chills - pain in the affected arm or leg - tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infections - local wound infections - reductions in numbers of certain white blood cells and platelets - hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reactions - nerve damage - decreased consciouness - headache - heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling - blood clot formation in the artery or vein of the affected arm or leg ( thrombosis ) - low blood pressure , shock - severe breathing problems - constipation , diarrhoea - skin necrosis ( death of skin cells ) in the affected arm or leg - swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers caused by fluid build up in the affected arm or leg - " compartment syndrome ", a medical condition characterised by pain , swelling and neurological symptoms , as well as muscle damage in the affected arm or leg - muscle pain - protein in urine - night sweats 24 - tissue necrosis ( death of tissue cells ) in the affected arm or leg , which is severe enough to require amputation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood poisoning ( sepsis ) - fluid in the lungs - stomach ache - inflammation of the gastric mucosa ( gastritis ) - temporary loss of finger or toe nails of the affected arm or leg - kidney failure - blood tests showing changes in the way the kidneys are working - narrowing or closing of limb vessels carrying blood from the heart reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . see your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects , which may be serious , and for which you may need urgent medical treatment : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn ; difficulty swallowing ; pain upon swallowing ; ulceration of the gullet ( oesophagus - the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ) which can cause chest pain , heartburn or difficulty or pain upon swallowing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): allergic reactions such as hives ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , possibly causing difficulty breathing or swallowing ; severe skin reactions . pain in the mouth , and / or jaw , swelling or sores inside the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ) generally associated with delayed healing and infection , often following tooth extraction . contact your doctor and dentist if you experience such symptoms , unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone , bone , muscle and / or joint pain which is severe . other side effects include very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone , muscle and / or joint pain which is sometimes severe . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): joint swelling , abdominal pain ; uncomfortable feeling in the stomach or belching after eating ; constipation ; full or bloated feeling in the stomach ; diarrhoea ; flatulence , hair loss ; itching , headache ; dizziness , tiredness ; swelling in the hands or legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea ; vomiting , irritation or inflammation of the gullet ( oesophagus the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ) or stomach , black or tar - like stools , blurred vision ; pain or redness in the eye , rash ; redness of the skin , transient flu - like symptoms , such as aching muscles , generally feeling unwell and sometimes with fever usually at the start of treatment , taste disturbance . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms of low blood calcium levels including muscle cramps or spasms and / or tingling sensation in the fingers or around the mouth , stomach or peptic ulcers ( sometimes severe or with bleeding ), narrowing of the gullet ( oesophagus the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ), rash made worse by sunlight , mouth ulcers . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get a severe rash , or difficulty breathing and dizziness or swelling mainly of the face and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ), if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , high fever , flu - like symptoms , enlarged lymph nodes , ( signs of severe skin reactions ), if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of kidney problem ), if you experience a combination of drowsiness , upper right abdominal pain , yellowing or increased yellowing of your skin or eyes and dark urine ( signs of liver problems ), if you experience difficulty thinking , remembering information , or solving problems , being less alert or aware or feeling very sleepy with low energy ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood , which may be associated with liver or renal problems and lead to a change in your brain function ), if you vomit blood and / or have black stools , if you experience frequent abdominal pain , particularly after eating or taking deferasirox accord , if you experience frequent heartburn , if you experience partial loss of vision , if you experience severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ), stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . some side effects could become serious . these side effects are uncommon . if you get blurred or cloudy eyesight , if you get reduced hearing , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) disturbance in kidney function tests . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) gastrointestinal disorders , such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , bloating , 43 constipation , indigestion rash headache disturbance in liver function tests itching disturbance in urine test ( protein in the urine ) if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness fever sore throat swelling of arms or legs change in the colour of the skin anxiety sleep disorder tiredness if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ), in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia aggravated ), in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) hair loss kidney stones low urine output tear in stomach or intestine wall that can be painful and cause nausea severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ) abnormal level of acid in blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur uncommonly . allergic reactions include severe symptoms of : - hives - itching - swelling - redness . if you have an allergic reaction , stop using this medicine immediately and talk with your doctor or pharmacist . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin reactions where this medicine is applied such as pain ( burning or stinging ), itching , rash , redness , irritation , and hives . the most common skin reaction , pain ( burning or stinging ), is usually mild to moderate and generally goes away after several applications . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions : includes severe symptoms of hives , itching , swelling , and redness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects reported for rasitrio are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness low blood pressure swelling of hands , ankles and feet ( peripheral oedema ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience the following at the beginning of your treatment : fainting and / or light - headedness linked to low blood pressure could occur at the beginning of treatment with rasitrio . patients 65 years of age or older are more susceptible to side effects related to low blood pressure . in clinical trials low blood pressure occurred more frequently in patients taking rasitrio than those taking only dual combinations of aliskiren / amlodipine , aliskiren / hydrochlorothiazide or amlodipine / hydrochlorothiazide ( see section 2 ). the following , possibly serious , side effects have been reported with medicines containing aliskiren , amlodipine or hydrochlorothiazide alone . aliskiren some side effects can be serious ( frequency not known ): a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if any of the following occur , tell your doctor straight away : severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , dizziness . nausea , loss of appetite , dark coloured urine or yellowing of skin and eyes ( signs of liver disorder ). possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea joint pain ( arthralgia ) high level of potassium in the blood dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( this may also be a sign of allergic reactions or angioedema see " rare " side effects below ) kidney problems including acute renal failure ( severely decreased urine output ) swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ) low blood pressure le ge mi dle t e r ik ke le ng er go dk jen t fo r s alg 198 palpitations cough itching , itchy rash ( urticaria ) increased liver enzymes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) angioedema ( the symptoms of which can include difficulties in breathing or swallowing , rash , itching , hives or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue , dizziness ) increased level of creatinine in the blood red skin ( erythema ). amlodipine in patients taking amlodipine alone , the following have been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sleepiness dizziness headache ( especially at the beginning of treatment ) hot flushes abdominal pain nausea ankle swelling swelling tiredness palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) insomnia mood changes ( including anxiety ) depression trembling disturbed sense of taste sudden , temporary loss of consciousness decreased skin sensitivity tingling or numbness vision disorder ( including double vision ) ringing noise in ears low blood pressure breathlessness runny nose vomiting stomach discomfort after meal altered bowel habits ( including diarrhoea and constipation ) dry mouth hair loss purple skin patches skin discolouration excessive sweating itching ; rash generalised rash joint pain muscle pain muscle cramps back pain urination disorders le ge mi dle t e r ik ke le ng er go dk jen t fo r s alg 199 urination at night frequent urination impotence breast enlargement in men chest pain weakness pain feeling unwell weight increase weight decrease . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) confusion . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) low level of white blood cells and blood platelets allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness high level of sugar in the blood increased muscle stiffness and inability to stretch sensation of numbness or tingling with sensation of burning in fingers and toes heart attack irregular heart beat inflammation of blood vessels cough severe upper stomach pain inflammation of the gastric lining bleeding , tender or enlarged gums inflammation of the liver liver disorder which can occur together with yellow skin and eyes , or dark - coloured urine abnormal liver function test angioedema ( difficulties in breathing , or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) skin reaction with skin reddening and peeling , blistering of lips , eyes or mouth ; dry skin , rash , itchy rash skin rash with flaking or peeling ; rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever swelling mainly of the face and throat increased sensitivity of the skin to sun . hydrochlorothiazide in patients taking hydrochlorothiazide alone , the following have been reported , however the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of potassium in the blood increase of lipids in the blood . le ge mi dle t e r ik ke le ng er go dk jen t fo r s alg 200 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high level of uric acid in the blood low level of magnesium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood dizziness , fainting on standing up reduced appetite nausea and vomiting itchy rash and other types of rash inability to achieve or maintain erection . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low level of blood platelets ( sometimes with bleeding or bruising underneath the skin ) high level of calcium in the blood high level of sugar in the blood worsening of the diabetic metabolic state sad mood ( depression ) sleep disturbances dizziness headache tingling or numbness vision disorder irregular heart beat abdominal discomfort constipation diarrhoea liver disorders which can occur together with yellow skin and eyes increased sensitivity of skin to the sun sugar in the urine . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers , more frequent infections ( lack or low level of white blood cells ) pale skin , tiredness , breathlessness , dark - coloured urine ( haemolytic anaemia ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( hypersensitivity reactions ) confusion , tiredness , muscle twitching and spasm , rapid breathing ( hypochloraemic alkalosis ) difficulty breathing with fever , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness ( respiratory distress including pneumonitis and pulmonary oedema ) severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ) facial rash , joint pain , muscle disorder , fever ( lupus erythematosus ) inflammation of blood vessels with symptoms such as rash , purplish - red spots , fever ( vasculitis ) severe skin disease that causes rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). le ge mi dle t e r ik ke le ng er go dk jen t fo r s alg 201 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) weakness bruising and frequent infections ( aplastic anaemia ) decrease in vision or pain in your eyes due to high pressure ( possible signs of acute - angle closure glaucoma ) severe skin disease that causes rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( erythema multiforme ) muscle spasm severely decreased urine output ( possible signs of renal disorder or renal failure ), weakness ( asthenia ) fever . if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . you may need to stop rasitrio . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tacrolimus reduces your body ' s defence mechanism ( immune system ), which will not be as good at fighting infections . therefore , you may be more prone to infections while you are taking envarsus . please contact your doctor immediately , should you experience severe effects . severe effects may occur , including allergic and anaphylactic reactions . benign and malignant tumours have been reported following envarsus treatment . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - increased blood sugar , diabetes mellitus , increased potassium in the blood - difficulty in sleeping - trembling , headache - increased blood pressure - liver function tests abnormal - diarrhoea , nausea - kidney problems common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( platelets , red or white blood cells ), increase in white blood cell counts , changes in red blood cell counts ( seen in blood tests ) - reduced magnesium , phosphate , potassium , calcium or sodium in the blood , fluid overload , increased uric acid or lipids in the blood , decreased appetite , loss of appetite , increased acidity of the blood , other changes in the blood salts ( seen in blood tests ) - anxiety symptoms , confusion and disorientation , depression , mood changes , nightmare , hallucination , mental disorders - fits , disturbances in consciousness , tingling and numbness ( sometimes painful ) in the hands and feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders - blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , eye disorders - ringing sound in your ears - reduced blood flow in the heart vessels , faster heartbeat - bleeding , partial or complete blocking of blood vessels , reduced blood pressure - shortness in breath , disorders of the respiratory tissues in the lung , collection of liquid around the lung , inflammation of the pharynx , cough , flu - like symptoms - stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain or diarrhoea , bleeding in the stomach , inflammation or ulcer in the mouth , collection of fluid in the belly , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , bloating , loose stools - bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin due to liver problems , liver tissue damage and inflammation of the liver - itching , rash , hair loss , acne , increased sweating - pain in joints , limbs or back , muscle cramps - insufficient function of the kidneys , reduced production of urine , impaired or painful urination - general weakness , fever , collection of fluid in your body , pain and discomfort , increase of the enzyme alkaline phosphatase in your blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed - insufficient function of your transplanted organ uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) - dehydration , inability to urinate - psychotic behaviour , such as delusions , hallucinations , and confusion - abnormal blood test results : reduced protein or sugar , increased phosphate , increase of the enzyme lactate dehydrogenase - coma , bleeding in the brain , stroke , paralysis , brain disorder , speech and language abnormalities , memory problems - clouding of the eye lens , partial or total inability to hear - irregular heartbeat , stop of heartbeat , reduced performance of your heart , disorder of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , stronger heartbeat , abnormal ecg , heart rate and pulse abnormal - blood clot in a vein of a limb , shock - difficulties in breathing , respiratory tract disorders , asthma - acute or chronic inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the lining of the inner wall of the abdomen , obstruction of the gut , increased blood level of the enzyme amylase , reflux of stomach contents in your throat , delayed emptying of the stomach - inflammation of the skin , burning sensation in the sunlight - joint disorders 43 - painful menstruation and abnormal menstrual bleeding - multiple organ failure , flu - like illness , increased sensitivity to heat and cold , feeling of pressure on your chest , jittery or abnormal feeling , weight loss rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - small bleedings in your skin due to blood clots - increased muscle stiffness - blindness , deafness - collection of fluid around the heart - acute breathlessness - cyst formation in your pancreas , pre - stage of a blockage in your bowel - problems with blood flow in the liver - serious illness with blistering of skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ; - increased hairiness - thirst , fall , feeling of tightness in your chest , decreased mobility , ulcer very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - muscular weakness - impaired hearing - abnormal heart scan - liver failure - painful urination with blood in the urine - increase of fat tissue unknown side effects ( frequency not known ): - cases of pure red cell aplasia ( a very severe reduction in red blood cell counts ), - agranulocytosis ( a severely lowered number of white blood cells ) - haemolytic anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells due to abnormal breakdown ) - febrile neutropenia ( a decrease in the type of white blood cells which fight infection , accompanied by fever ) - abnormality of the optic nerve ( optic neuropathy ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - slow heart rate - low or high blood pressure - change in breathing pattern or stopping breathing . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - chest pain or heart attack - fast heart rate - low or high blood sugar - nausea , vomiting or dry mouth - restlessness - high temperature - symptoms after stopping the medicine . uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - reduced heart function , cardiac arrest - swelling of the stomach - thirst - a condition where there is too much acid in the body - low albumin level in blood - shortness of breath - hallucinations - the medicine is not effective enough . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increased need to pass urine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor straightaway if the following effects happen : if you feel that your heart is beating too fast , too slow or is beating abnormally . o uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people 27 deep redness on the area where the patch is applied , blistering / oozing of the skin , skin which becomes very painful to touch , swollen , wet or shiny . in a small number of cases , these may be signs of a second degree burn and need urgent attention . o frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data tell your doctor if the following side effects occur or get worse : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people redness or pain on the area where the patch is applied which lasts for more than a day . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people itching , bumps , blisters , swelling , dryness on the area where the patch is applied . burning sensation , high blood pressure , cough , nausea , itching , pain in limbs , muscle spasms , swelling of limbs . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people wheals , prickling sensation , inflammation , increased or decreased skin sensation , skin reaction , irritation , bruising on the area where the patch is applied . decreased taste , reduced sensations in limbs , eye irritation , throat irritation , shingles . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data accidental exposure ( including eye pain , eye and throat irritation and cough ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine may cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain decreased appetite being sick ( vomiting ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) abnormality in a laboratory test of liver function ( total bilirubin ) rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) muscle spasms swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other effects that may be seen during treatment with sofosbuvir : the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - a wide - spread severe rash with peeling skin which may be accompanied by fever , flu - like symptoms , blisters in the mouth , eyes , and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects , such as reddening of the face or body ( flushing ), diarrhoea , stomach problems and nausea usually improve as you continue treatment . the most serious side effects that may occur with skilarence are allergic or hypersensitivity reactions ; kidney failure or a kidney disease called fanconi syndrome ; or a severe brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). it is not known how commonly they occur . for symptoms see below . allergic or hypersensitivity reactions allergic or hypersensitivity reactions are rare but may be very serious . reddening of the face or body ( flushing ) is a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people . however , if you become flushed and get any of the following signs : - wheezing , difficulty breathing or shortness of breath , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue stop taking skilarence and call a doctor straight away . brain infection called pml progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ) is a rare but serious brain infection that can lead to severe disability or death . if you notice new or worsening weakness on one side of the body ; clumsiness ; changes in vision , thinking or memory ; confusion ; or personality changes lasting several days , stop taking skilarence and talk to your doctor straight away . fanconi syndrome fanconi syndrome is a rare but serious kidney disorder which may occur with skilarence . if you notice you are passing more urine , are more thirsty and drinking more than normal , your muscles seem weaker , you break a bone , or just have aches and pains , talk to your doctor as soon as possible so that this can be investigated further . talk to your doctor if you get any of the following side effects . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in white blood cells called lymphocytes ( lymphopenia ) - decrease in all white blood cells ( leukopenia ) - reddening of the face or body ( flushing ) - diarrhoea - bloating , stomach pain or stomach cramps - feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - increase in all white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) - increase in specific white blood cells called eosinophils - increase in certain enzymes in the blood ( used for checking the health of your liver ) - being sick 32 - constipation - gas ( flatulence ), stomach discomfort , indigestion - decreased appetite - headache - feeling tired - weakness - feeling hot - abnormal sensations of the skin , such as itching , burning , stinging , tickling or tingling - pink or red blotches on the skin ( erythema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness - excess protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - increase in serum creatinine ( a substance in the blood used for measuring how well your kidneys are working ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - allergic skin reaction very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - acute lymphatic leukaemia ( a type of blood cancer ) - decrease in all types of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - shingles reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe allergic reactions contact your doctor or healthcare professional immediately or go to the nearest hospital emergency room right away if you have an allergic reaction . it can be life - threatening . symptoms include : difficulty breathing , shortness of breath swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue cold , clammy skin palpitations feeling dizzy , feeling weak , fainting rash or itching the following side effects have been reported with supemtek : other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the injection site feeling tired ( fatigue ) headache muscle pain and joint pain muscle pain and joint pain are common in adults aged 50 years and older . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ) redness , swelling , hardening around the area where the vaccine is injected fever , shivering fever is rare in adults aged 50 years and older . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea itching , skin irritation , rash flu - like symptoms cough , mouth and throat pain itching where the vaccine is injected itching is rare in adults aged 50 years and older . skin irritation and rash have not been reported in adults aged 50 years and older . flu - like symptoms has not been reported in adults aged 18 - 49 years . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): feeling dizzy hives feeling dizzy and hives have not been reported in adults aged 18 - 49 years . not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): neurological disorders that may result in stiff neck , confusion , numbness , pain and weakness of the limbs , loss of balance , loss of reflexes , paralysis of part or all the body ( guillain - barré syndrome ). reporting of side effects 25 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . mild to serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions have been reported in some patients taking somavert . symptoms of a serious allergic reaction may include one or more of the following : swelling of the face , tongue , lips , or throat ; wheezing or trouble breathing ( spasm of the larynx ); generalized skin rash , nettle rash ( urticaria ) or itching ; or dizziness . contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache diarrhoea joint pain common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people shortness of breath . increased levels of substances that measure the function of the liver . these can be seen in the results of blood tests . blood in the urine . increased blood pressure . constipation , feeling sick , being sick , feeling bloated , indigestion , gas . dizziness , sleepiness , uncontrolled trembling , decreased sense of touch . bruising or bleeding at injection site , soreness or swelling at injection site , build - up of fat below the surface of the skin at injection site , swelling of the extremities , weakness , fever . sweating , itching , rash , tendency to bruise . muscle pain , arthritis . increased blood cholesterol , weight gain , increased blood glucose , decreased blood glucose . flu - like illness , fatigue . abnormal dreams . eye pain uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people allergic reaction after administration ( fever , rash , pruritus and , in severe cases , difficulty to breathe , rapid swelling of skin , requiring urgent medical attention ). may occur immediately , or several days after administration . protein in the urine , increased urine , kidney problems . lack of interest , feeling confused , increased sex drive , panic attack , loss of memory , problems sleeping . decreased platelets in the blood , increased or decreased white cells in the blood , tendency to bleed . feeling abnormal , impaired healing . eyestrain , inner ear problems . facial swelling , dry skin , night sweats , redness of the skin ( erythema ), raised itchy bumps on the skin ( urticaria ). increased fatty substances in the blood , increased appetite . dry mouth , increased saliva , tooth problems , haemorrhoids . abnormal sense of taste , migraine . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data anger severe breathlessness ( laryngospasm ) rapid swelling of skin and underlying tissue and inner lining ( mucosa ) of organs ( angioedema ) about 17 % of patients will develop antibodies to growth hormone during treatment . the antibodies do not seem to stop this medicine from working . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking xelevia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). if you have a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including rash , hives , blisters on the skin / peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects after adding sitagliptin to metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and pioglitazone : common : flatulence , swelling of the hands or legs 64 some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with insulin ( with or without metformin ): common : flu uncommon : dry mouth some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone in clinical studies , or during post - approval use alone and / or with other diabetes medicines : common : low blood sugar , headache , upper respiratory infection , stuffy or runny nose and sore throat , osteoarthritis , arm or leg pain uncommon : dizziness , constipation , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : feeling or being sick , abnormally dark urine , yellow skin or eyes , pain in the upper right belly . these may be signs that your liver is not working properly . this might also be shown by changes in your blood test results , such as an increase of liver enzymes : gamma - glutamyl transferase ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), transaminases and blood alkaline phosphatase ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): belly ( abdominal ) pain feeling tired or weak ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( nausea ) 26 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): wind fever headache constipation swollen stomach decreased appetite swelling ( build - up of fluid in the body ) depression , you may experience decreased self - esteem , lack of motivation , sadness or low mood uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): impacted stools ( bowel obstruction , faecaloma ), you may experience , constipation , watery diarrhoea , pale skin ( anaemia ), nausea , vomiting , weight loss , back pain or stomach pains particularly after eating or a reduction in passing water ( urination ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : breathing problems , rapid heartbeat , fever , incontinence ( uncontrollable urination ), confusion , dizziness or agitation . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel mylan alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , hair loss , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of docetaxel mylan may be increased when docetaxel mylan is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing fever or chills back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of docetaxel mylan the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss ( in most cases normal hair growth should return ) redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): fungal infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling inflammation of the colon , small intestine ; intestinal perforation blood clots . frequency unknown : interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when docetaxel therapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ). blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium in your blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - skin rashes - itching not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ) - stomach upsets and discomfort , including severe stomach pains ( duodenitis ) 20 - inflammation of the gut which may lead to e . g . abdominal pain , recurring diarrhoea and blood in stools ( colitis ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells due to low iron level in your blood ( iron deficiency anaemia ) - urticaria ( nettle rash or hives ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , glybera can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affects more than 1 in 10 people ) pain in leg ( s ) ( pain in extremity ) raised body temperature tiredness ( fatigue ) headache bruises in the upper and lower leg muscle due to the injections . they only last a short time . increased blood level of the muscle enzyme creatine kinase common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) abdominal pain nausea constipation chills fever muscle pain and joint aches , pains and stiffness difficulty breathing , chest pain on breathing in and palpitations which may be caused by blockage of the main blood vessel of the lung burning sensation high blood pressure sensation like that of insects crawling on ( or under ) the skin water retention decreased appetite dizziness skin rash muscle spasms light headedness hair growth injection site discomfort , swelling , rash and pain side effects from your immunosuppressants in addition to being given glybera , you will be given other medicines called immunosuppressants ( see section 3 ' how glybera is used '). it is important that you ask your doctor about the side effects of these other medicines . your doctor should give you a copy of the patient information leaflet ( like this one ) for the immunosuppressants you will need to take . do not stop taking these without talking to your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if any of the following happen , tell your doctor straight away : allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , light - headedness ). other possible side effects of exforge : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): influenza ( flu ); blocked nose , sore throat and discomfort when swallowing ; headache ; swelling of arms , hands , legs , ankles or feet ; tiredness ; asthenia ( weakness ); redness and warm feeling of the face and / or neck . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness ; nausea and abdominal pain ; dry mouth ; drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; vertigo ; fast heart beat including palpitations ; dizziness on standing up ; cough ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; skin rash , redness of the skin ; joint swelling , back pain ; pain in joints . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): feeling anxious ; ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ); fainting ; passing more urine than normal or feeling more of an urge to pass urine ; inability to get or maintain an erection ; sensation of heaviness ; low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , light - 57 headedness ; excessive sweating ; skin rash all over your body ; itching ; muscle spasm . if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported with amlodipine or valsartan alone and either not observed with exforge or observed with a higher frequency than with exforge : amlodipine consult a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following very rare , severe side effects after taking this medicine : - sudden wheeziness , chest pain , shortness of breath or difficulty in breathing . - swelling of eyelids , face or lips . - swelling of the tongue and throat which causes great difficulty breathing . - severe skin reactions including intense skin rash , hives , reddening of the skin over your whole body , severe itching , blistering , peeling and swelling of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other allergic reactions . - heart attack , abnormal heart beat . - inflamed pancreas , which may cause severe abdominal and back pain accompanied with feeling of being very unwell . the following side effects have been reported . if any of these cause you problems or if they last for more than one week , you should contact your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness ; palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ); flushing , ankle swelling ( oedema ); abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): mood changes , anxiety , depression , sleeplessness , trembling , taste abnormalities , fainting , loss of pain sensation ; visual disturbances , visual impairment , ringing in the ears ; low blood pressure ; sneezing / runny nose caused by inflammation of the lining of the nose ( rhinitis ); indigestion , vomiting ( being sick ); hair loss , increased sweating , itchy skin , skin discolouration ; disorder in passing urine , increased need to urinate at night , increased number of times of passing urine ; inability to obtain an erection , discomfort or enlargement of the breasts in men , pain , feeling unwell , muscle pain , muscle cramps ; weight increase or decrease . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): confusion . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets which may result in unusual brusing or easy bleeding ( red blood cell damage ); excess sugar in blood ( hyperglycaemia ); swelling of the gums , abdominal bloating ( gastritis ); abnormal liver function , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), liver enzyme increase which may have an effect on some medical tests ; increased muscle tension ; inflammation of blood vessels often with skin rash , sensitivity to light ; disorders combining rigidity , tremor and / or movement disorders . valsartan not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease in red blood cells , fever , sore throat or mouth sores due to infections ; spontaneous bleeding or bruising ; high level of potassium in the blood ; abnormal liver test results ; decreased renal functions and severely decreased renal functions ; swelling mainly of the face and the throat ; muscle pain ; rash , purplish - red spots ; fever ; itching ; allergic reaction ; blistering skin ( sign of a condition called dermatitis bullous ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) or common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rapid weight gain . imatinib teva may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). signs of infection such as fever , severe chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers . imatinib teva can reduce the number of white blood cells , so you might get infections more easily . unexpected bleeding or bruising ( when you have not hurt yourself ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): chest pain , irregular heart rhythm ( signs of heart problems ). cough , having difficulty breathing or painful breathing ( signs of lung problems ). feeling light - headed , dizzy or fainting ( signs of low blood pressure ). feeling sick ( nausea ), with loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). rash , red skin with blisters on the lips , eyes , skin or mouth , peeling skin , fever , raised red or purple skin patches , itching , burning sensation , pustular eruption ( signs of skin problems ). severe abdominal pain , blood in your vomit , stools or urine , black stools ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ). severely decreased urine output , feeling thirsty ( signs of kidney problems ). feeling sick ( nausea ) with diarrhoea and vomiting , abdominal pain or fever ( signs of bowel problems ). severe headache , weakness or paralysis of limbs or face , difficulty speaking , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems such as bleeding or swelling in skull / brain ). pale skin , feeling tired and breathlessness and having dark urine ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). eye pain or deterioration in vision , bleeding in the eyes . pain in your hips or difficulty walking . numb or cold toes and fingers ( signs of raynaud ' s syndrome ). sudden swelling and redness of the skin ( signs of a skin infection called cellulitis ). difficulty hearing . muscle weakness and spasms with an abnormal heart rhythm ( signs of changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ). bruising . stomach pain with feeling sick ( nausea ). muscle spasms with a fever , red - brown urine , pain or weakness in your muscles ( signs of muscle problems ). pelvic pain sometimes with nausea and vomiting , with unexpected vaginal bleeding , feeling dizzy or fainting due to low blood pressure ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ). nausea , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , tiredness and / or joint discomfort associated with abnormal laboratory test results ( e . g . high potassium , uric acid and calcium levels and low phosphorous levels in the blood ). blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): combination of a widespread severe rash , feeling sick , fever , high level of certain white blood cells or yellow skin or eyes ( signs of jaundice ) with breathlessness , chest pain / discomfort , severely decreased urine output and feeling thirsty etc . ( signs of a treatment - related allergic reaction ). chronic renal failure . recurrence ( reactivation ) of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you get any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache or feeling tired . feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or indigestion . rash . muscle cramps or joint , muscle or bone pain , during treatment with imatinib teva or after you have stopped taking imatinib teva . swelling such as round your ankles or puffy eyes . weight gain . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anorexia , weight loss or a disturbed sense of taste . feeling dizzy or weak . difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ). discharge from the eye with itching , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ), watery eyes or having blurred vision . nose bleeds . pain or swelling in your abdomen , flatulence , heartburn or constipation . itching . unusual hair loss or thinning . numbness of the hands or feet . mouth ulcers . joint pain with swelling . dry mouth , dry skin or dry eye . decreased or increased skin sensitivity . hot flushes , chills or night sweats . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): reddening and / or swelling on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . painful and / or blistering skin lesions . slowing of growth in children and adolescents . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of desloratadine ratiopharm , cases of severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , hives and swelling ) have been reported very rarely . if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a dummy tablet . however , fatigue , dry mouth and headache were reported more often than with a dummy tablet . in adolescents , headache was the most commonly reported side effect . in clinical studies with desloratadine , the following side effects were reported as : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people fatigue dry mouth headache adults during the marketing of desloratadine ratiopharm , the following side effects were reported as : very rare : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people severe allergic reactions rash pounding or irregular heartbeat fast heartbeat stomach ache feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting upset stomach diarrhoea dizziness drowsiness inability to sleep muscle pain hallucinations seizures restlessness with increased liver inflammation abnormal liver function tests body movement not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data unusual weakness yellowing of the skin and / or eyes increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun , even in case of hazy sun , and to uv light , for instance to uv lights of a solarium changes in the way the heart beats abnormal behaviour aggression weight increased increased appetite children not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data slow heartbeat change in the way the heart beats abnormal behaviour aggression reporting of side effects 23 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor if any of the side effects occur , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet . the following side effect is very common ( this may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): an increase in the level of bile acids in the blood . the following side effects are common ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache dizziness nausea tiredness sleepiness faster than normal heartbeat ( tachycardia ) flu - like illness swollen abdomen ( belly ) itching joint pain muscle spasms reactions at the injection site that may include swelling , redness , irritation , bruising , itchiness , infection or pain excessive or uncontrolled sweating blood in urine redness of the skin rash . blood tests may also show : an increase in liver enzyme levels and bilirubin in the blood . these are usually raised in most diseases that cause damage to the liver ; a decrease in red blood cells ( anaemia ); a reduction in immature red blood cells ( reticulocytes ); a reduction in white blood cells ( eosinophils , lymphocytes , neutrophils ), or platelets ( thrombocytes ) in the blood ; a reduction in the level of haemoglobin in the blood ; an increase in the level of amylase and lipase in the blood ( signs of possible pancreas damage ); an increase of the international normalised ratio ( inr ) for blood clotting ( which increases the risk of bleeding and bruising ); an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of kidney damage ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help to provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability . disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal . blurred vision , double vision . vertigo , problems with balance , fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen . difficulties with erection . swelling of the body including extremities . feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking . weight gain . muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , pain in limb . sore throat . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar . change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , dizziness on standing , sensitive skin , loss of taste , burning sensation , tremor on movement , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , fainting , increased sensitivity to noise , feeling unwell . dry eyes , eye swelling , eye pain , weak eyes , watery eyes , eye irritation . heart rhythm disturbances , increased heart rate , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart beat , heart failure . flushing , hot flushes . difficulty breathing , dry nose , nasal congestion . increased saliva production , heartburn , numb around mouth . sweating , rash , chills , fever . muscle twitching , joint swelling , muscle stiffness , pain including muscle pain , neck pain . breast pain . difficulty with or painful urination , incontinence . weakness , thirst , chest tightness . changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ). hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . increased fluid in the abdomen . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ). jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the following adverse reaction has been reported in the postmarketing experience : trouble breathing , shallow breaths . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , revatio can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following side effects you should stop taking revatio and contact a doctor immediately ( see also section 2 ): - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision ( frequency not known ) - if you have an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 4 hours . prolonged and sometimes painful erections have been reported in men after taking sildenafil ( frequency not known ). adults side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) were headache , facial flushing , indigestion , diarrhoea and pain in the arms or legs . side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) included : infection under the skin , flu - like symptoms , inflammation of the sinuses , reduced number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), fluid retention , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , migraine , shaking , " pins and needles "- like sensation , burning sensation , reduced sense of touch , bleeding at the back of the eye , effects on vision , blurred vision and light sensitivity , effects on colour vision , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , vertigo , bronchitis , nosebleed , runny nose , cough , stuffy nose , stomach inflammation , gastroenteritis , heartburn , piles , abdominal distension , dry mouth , hair loss , redness of the skin , night sweats , muscle aches , back pain and increased body temperature . side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect 1 in 100 people ) included : reduced sharpness of vision , double vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , and breast enlargement in men . skin rash and sudden decrease or loss of hearing and decreased blood pressure have also been reported at an unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). children and adolescents the following serious adverse events have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ); pneumonia , heart failure , right heart failure , heart related shock , high blood pressure in the lungs , chest pain , fainting , respiratory infection , bronchitis , viral infection in the stomach and intestines , urinary tract infections and tooth cavities . the following serious adverse events were considered to be treatment related and were reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , swelling of the face , lips and tongue , wheezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing ), convulsion , irregular heart - beat , hearing impairment , shortness of breath , inflammation of the digestive tract , wheezing due to disrupted airflow . side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) were headache , vomiting , infection of the throat , fever , diarrhoea , flu and nosebleed . side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) were nausea , increased erections , pneumonia and runny nose . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased appetite feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability 69 disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal blurred vision , double vision vertigo , problems with balance , fall dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen difficulties with erection swelling of the body including extremities feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking weight gain muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , pain in limb sore throat uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attacks , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , dizziness on standing , sensitive skin , loss of taste , burning sensation , tremor on movement , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , fainting , increased sensitivity to noise , feeling unwell dry eyes , eye swelling , eye pain , weak eyes , watery eyes , eye irritation heart rhythm disturbances , increased heart rate , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart beat , heart failure flushing , hot flushes difficulty breathing , dry nose , nasal congestion increased saliva production , heartburn , numb around mouth sweating , rash , chills , fever muscle twitching , joint swelling , muscle stiffness , pain including muscle pain , neck pain breast pain difficulty with or painful urination , incontinence weakness , thirst , chest tightness changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ) hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring painful menstrual periods coldness of hands and feet rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss dilated pupils , cross eyes cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue inflammation of the pancreas difficulty in swallowing slow or reduced movement of the body difficulty with writing properly increased fluid in the abdomen fluid in the lungs 70 convulsions changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances muscle damage breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males interrupted menstrual periods kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention decrease in white blood cell count inappropriate behaviour allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects a possible complication of treatment with gonadotropic hormones like elonva is unwanted overstimulation of the ovaries . the chance of having this complication can be reduced by carefully monitoring the number of maturing follicles . your doctor will do ultrasound scans of your ovaries to carefully monitor the number of maturing follicles . your doctor may also check blood hormone levels . the first symptoms of ovarian overstimulation may be noticed as pain in the stomach ( abdomen ), feeling sick or diarrhoea . ovarian overstimulation may develop into a medical condition called ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ), which can be a serious medical problem . in more severe cases this may lead to enlargement of the ovaries , collection of fluid in the abdomen and / or chest ( which may cause sudden weight gain due to fluid buildup ) or clots in the blood vessels . contact your doctor without delay if you have pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) or any of the other symptoms of ovarian hyperstimulation , even if they occur some days after the injection has been given . the chance of having a side effect is described by the following categories : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 women ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) - pelvic pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - headache - pelvic discomfort - breast tenderness - tiredness ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 women ) - twisting of an ovary ( ovarian torsion ) - liver enzyme increases - miscarriage - pain after oocyte retrieval - procedural pain - releasing an egg too early ( premature ovulation ) - abdominal distension - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - back pain - breast pain - bruising or pain at the injection site - irritability - mood swings - dizziness - hot flush not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity reactions , both local and generalised , including rash ). pregnancy outside the uterus ( an ectopic pregnancy ) and multiple pregnancies have also been reported . these side effects are not considered to be related to the use of elonva , but to assisted reproductive technology ( art ) or subsequent pregnancy . in rare instances , blood clots ( thrombosis ) that formed inside a blood vessel , broke off , and travelled 32 inside the bloodstream to block another blood vessel ( thromboembolism ) have been associated with elonva therapy as with other gonadotropins . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash with small fluid - filled blisters , appearing on reddened skin ( symptoms of a viral infection called herpes zoster that can be severe ) fever , sore throat and / or mouth ulcers due to infection ( lymphopenia ) convulsions , fits visual disturbances such as a shadow or a blind spot in the centre of vision , blurred vision , problems seeing colours or details ( symptoms of macular oedema , which is a swelling in the macular area of the retina at the back of the eye ) irregular heartbeat ( atrioventricular block ) slow heartbeat ( bradycardia ) if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) cryptococcal infections ( a type of fungal infection ), including cryptococcal meningitis with symptoms such as headache together with stiff neck , sensitivity to light , feeling sick ( nausea ) or confusion . other possible side effects other side effects include those listed below . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache high blood pressure ( hypertension ), sometimes with symptoms such as headache and dizziness blood test results showing increased liver enzyme levels common ( may affect up to 1 in every 10 people ) new moles dizziness involuntary shaking of the body ( tremor ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) pain in hands or feet swollen hands , ankles , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) weakness ( asthenia ) lung function test results showing decreased function reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate in nature . if you experience any of the following side effects stop using the medicine and seek medical help immediately : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions including skin rashes . - chest pain - do not use nitrates , but seek immediate medical assistance . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - priapism , a prolonged and possibly painful erection after taking this medicine . if you have such an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 4 hours you should contact a doctor immediately . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - sudden loss of vision . other side effects have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache . - flushing , nasal and sinus congestion ( blocked nose ). - nausea , indigestion ( including abdominal pain or discomfort ). - muscle aches , back pain and pain in the extremity ( including limb discomfort ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) 26 - blurred vision . - low blood pressure . - nosebleed . - vomiting . - increased or abnormal uterine bleeding . - swelling of the face . - acid reflux . - migraine . - irregular heartbeat . - fainting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - seizures . - passing memory loss . - hives . - excessive sweating . - penile bleeding . - presence of blood in semen and / or urine . - high blood pressure . - fast heart rate . - sudden cardiac death . - ringing in the ears . pde5 inhibitors are also used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction in men . some side effects have been rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) reported : - partial , temporary or permanent decrease or loss of vision in one or both eyes and serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat . sudden decrease or loss of hearing has also been reported . some side effects have been reported in men taking tadalafil for the treatment of erectile dysfunction . these events were not seen in clinical studies for pulmonary arterial hypertension and therefore frequency is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - swelling of the eyelids , eye pain , red eyes , heart attack and stroke . most but not all of those men reporting fast heart rate , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , stroke and sudden cardiac death had known heart problems before taking tadalafil . it is not possible to determine whether these events were related directly to tadalafil . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them : contact your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms : fever , chills , weakness , shortness of breath , bleeding , or easy bruising which could be a sign of a serious blood disorder . difficulty breathing , dry cough or chest pain which could be a sign of inflammation of the lungs . other side effects with ibrance may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections reduction in white blood cells , red blood cells , and blood platelets feeling of tiredness decreased appetite inflammation of the mouth and lips ( stomatitis ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea rash hair loss weakness fever abnormalities in liver blood tests dry skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): fever with a drop in the white blood cell count ( febrile neutropenia ) blurred vision , increased tearing , dry eye alteration in taste ( dysgeusia ) nosebleed reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everyone gets them . when treating hiv , it can be hard to tell whether side effects are caused by telzir , by other medicines taken at the same time or by the hiv disease itself . for this reason , it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : diarrhoea increase in cholesterol ( a type of blood fat ). common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : increases in triglycerides ( a type of blood fat ). feeling sick or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ), pain in the stomach , loose stools skin rashes ( red , raised or itchy ) if the skin rash is severe , you may have to stop taking this medicine headache , feeling dizzy feeling tired increases in enzymes produced by the liver called transaminases , increases of an enzyme produced by the pancreas called lipase . tingling or numbness around the lips and mouth . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : swelling of the face , lips and tongue ( angioedema ). rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : a severe or life - threatening skin reaction ( stevens johnson syndrome ). you may experience muscle problems there have been reports of muscle pain , tenderness or weakness , particularly with antiretroviral therapy including protease inhibitors and nucleoside analogues . on rare occasions , these muscle disorders have been serious ( rhabdomyolysis ). if you notice any muscle problems : → tell your doctor . haemophiliacs may bleed more in patients with haemophilia type a and b , there have been reports of increased bleeding while taking protease inhibitors . if this happens to you : → talk to your doctor immediately . if you get any side effects 83 → talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . other side effects of combination therapy for hiv old infections may flare up people with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). when these people start treatment , they may find that old , hidden infections flare up , causing signs and symptoms of inflammation . these symptoms are probably caused by the body ' s immune system becoming stronger , so that the body starts to fight these infections . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or signs of inflammation while you ' re taking telzir : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue die because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids if they drink alcohol if their immune systems are very weak if they are overweight . signs to look out for include : stiffness in the joints aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) difficulty moving . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bleeding , 162 - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - severe headache that does not go away . temodal treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising or bleeding , anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells ), fever , and reduced resistance to infections . the reduction in blood cell counts is usually short - lived . in some cases , it may be prolonged and may lead to a very severe form of anaemia ( aplastic anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your temodal dose will be reduced or treatment stopped . other side effects that have been reported are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : - loss of appetite , difficulty speaking , headache - vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation - rash , hair loss - tiredness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : - infections , oral infections , wound infections - reduced number of blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - increased blood sugar - memory impairment , depression , anxiety , confusion , inability to fall asleep or stay asleep - impaired coordination and balance - difficulty concentrating , change in mental status or alertness , forgetfulness - dizziness , impaired sensations , tingling sensations , shaking , abnormal taste - partial loss of vision , abnormal vision , double vision , dry or painful eyes - deafness , ringing in the ears , earache - blood clot in lung or legs , high blood pressure - pneumonia , shortness of breath , bronchitis , cough , inflammation of your sinuses - stomach or abdominal pain , upset stomach / heartburn , difficulty swallowing - dry skin , itching - muscle damage , muscle weakness , muscle aches and pain - painful joint , back pain - frequent urination , difficulty withholding your urine - fever , flu - like symptoms , pain , feeling unwell , a cold or the flu - fluid retention , swollen legs - liver enzyme elevations - loss of weight , weight gain - radiation injury uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : - brain infections ( meningoencephalitis herpetic ) including fatal cases - new or reactivated cytomegalovirus infections - reactivated hepatitis b virus infections - secondary cancers including leukaemia - reduced blood cell counts ( pancytopenia , anaemia , leukopenia ) - red spots under the skin 163 - diabetes insipidus ( symptoms include increased urination and feeling thirsty ), low potassium level in the blood - mood swings , hallucination - partial paralysis , change in your sense of smell - hearing impairment , infection of the middle ear - palpitations ( when you can feel your heart beat ), hot flushes - swollen stomach , difficulty controlling your bowel movements , haemorrhoids , dry mouth - hepatitis and injury to the liver ( including fatal liver failure ), cholestasis , increased bilirubin - blisters on body or in mouth , skin peeling , skin eruption , painful reddening of the skin , severe rash with skin swelling ( including palms and soles ) - increased sensitivity to sunlight , urticaria ( hives ), increased sweating , change in skin colour - difficulty in urinating - vaginal bleeding , vaginal irritation , absent or heavy menstrual periods , breast pain , sexual impotence - shivering , face swelling , discolouration of the tongue , thirst , tooth disorder reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine may cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . infusion reactions medicines of this type ( monoclonal antibodies ) can cause infusion reactions such as : - a rash - shortness of breath - difficulty breathing - cough - a tight chest - fever - back pain - chills - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). infusion reactions to this medicine may affect more than 1 in 10 people . in general , these types of reactions occur within minutes to several hours following completion of the infusion . however , they may develop more than several hours after completion of the infusion but this is uncommon . these infusion reactions can be serious or even fatal ( known as an anaphylactic reaction ). it is not known how frequently infusion - related reactions to this medicine are serious or fatal . you may be given other medicines such as - anti - histamines , corticosteroids or paracetamol to help reduce any of the reactions above if you have already experienced these when receiving this type of medicine . if you think you have previously had a similar reaction , tell your doctor before you are given this medicine . if you develop infusion reactions ( as stated previously ), your doctor may stop giving this medicine and start support treatment . if your infusion is restarted , your doctor may increase the time over which your infusion is given so that you may be able to tolerate it better . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms because some of them may be signs of a serious or possibly fatal condition : - progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ) symptoms such as confusion , trouble thinking , memory loss , blurred or loss of vision , decreased strength , decreased control or sensation in one arm or leg , a change in the way of walking , or loss of balance ( for more detailed information , see section 2 ) ( affects less than 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) such as severe and persistent stomach pain , with or without nausea and vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - shortness of breath or cough ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms followed by a painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters including extensive detachment of the skin ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a change in feeling or sensitivity , especially in the skin , numbness , tingling , discomfort , a burning sensation , weakness , or pain in the hands or feet ( neuropathy ; may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a feeling of weakness ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - constipation ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , vomiting ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - chills or shivering ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired , frequent urination , increased thirst , increased appetite with unintended weight loss , and irritability ( these may be signs of hyperglycaemia , which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin , longer than usual bleeding after your blood has been drawn , or bleeding from your gums ( these may be signs of thrombocyopenia which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headaches , experience dizziness , look pale ( these may be signs of anaemia , which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) you may experience the following side effects : the following side effects have been reported with adcetris alone : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased level of white blood cells - upper respiratory tract infection - decrease in weight - infection - nausea - abdominal pain - itching - muscle pain - joint pain or painful , swollen joints common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pneumonia - sore , creamy - yellow , raised patches in the mouth ( thrush ) - decreased level of blood platelets 59 - dizziness - blisters which may crust or scab - increased level of blood sugar - increased liver enzyme levels - unusual hair loss or thinning uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tumour lysis syndrome a potentially - life threatening condition in which you may experience dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , vomiting , nausea , swelling , shortness of breath , or heart rhythm disturbances . - new or recurring cytomegalovirus ( cmv ) infection - an infection in the blood ( sepsis ) and / or septic shock ( a life - threatening form of sepsis ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis - a rare , serious disorder in which you may experience flu - like symptoms followed by a painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters including extensive detachment of the skin - decreased level of white blood cells with a fever - damage to the nerves and nerve coverings ( demyelinating polyneuropathy ) the following side effects have been reported with adcetris in combination with chemotherapy medicines : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased level of white blood cells - decreased level of blood platelets - decreased level of white blood cells with a fever - upper respiratory tract infection - decrease in weight - infection - nausea - abdominal pain - unusual hair loss or thinning - muscle pain - joint pain or painful , swollen joints - dizziness - decreased appetite - not being able to sleep - bone pain - blisters which may crust or scab common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - an infection in the blood ( sepsis ) and / or septic shock ( a life - threatening form of sepsis ); pneumonia - sore or inflammation in the mouth - sore , creamy - yellow , raised patches in the mouth ( thrush ) - itching - increased level of blood sugar - increased liver enzyme levels uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tumour lysis syndrome a potentially - life threatening condition in which you may experience dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , vomiting , nausea , swelling , shortness of breath , or heart rhythm disturbances - stevens - johnson syndrome - a rare , serious disorder in which you may experience flu - like symptoms followed by a painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters including extensive detachment of the skin - new or recurring cytomegalovirus ( cmv ) infection 60 if you are an older patient (≥ 65 years of age ) you may experience serious adverse events more frequently . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety sweating headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) liver disorders ( yellow skin , yellowing of the whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite ) aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 62 trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and muscle weakness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) uneven heartbeat and poor control of movements other side effects seen with transdermal patches and which may occur with the hard capsules : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever severe confusion urinary incontinence ( inability to retain adequate urine ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hyperactivity ( high level of activity , restlessness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction where the patch was used , such as blisters or skin inflammation if you get any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor these very common side effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people treated with hycamtin : signs of infections : hycamtin may reduce the number of white blood cells and lower your resistance to infection . this can even be life threatening . signs include : - fever - serious deterioration of your general condition - local symptoms such as sore throat or urinary problems ( for example , a burning sensation when urinating , which may be a urinary infection ). occasionally severe stomach pain , fever and possibly diarrhoea ( rarely with blood ) can be signs of bowel inflammation ( colitis ). this rare side effect may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people treated with hycamtin : lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease ): you are most at risk if you have existing lung disease , have had radiation treatment to your lungs , or have previously taken medicines that caused lung damage . signs include : - difficulty breathing - cough - fever . tell your doctor immediately if you get any symptoms of these conditions , as hospitalisation may be necessary . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people treated with hycamtin : feeling generally weak and tired ( temporary anaemia ). in some cases you may need a blood transfusion . unusual bruising or bleeding , caused by a decrease in the number of clotting cells in the blood . this can lead to severe bleeding from relatively small injuries such as a small cut . rarely , it can lead to more severe bleeding ( haemorrhage ). talk to your doctor for advice on how to minimise the risk of bleeding . weight loss and loss of appetite ( anorexia ); tiredness ; weakness . feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; constipation . inflammation and ulcers of the mouth tongue or gums . high body temperature ( fever ). hair loss . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people treated with hycamtin : allergic or hypersensitivity reactions ( including rash ). yellow skin . feeling unwell . itching sensation . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people treated with hycamtin : severe allergic or anaphylactic reactions . swelling caused by fluid build - up ( angioedema ). mild pain and inflammation at the site of injection . itchy rash ( or hives ). side effects with frequency not known the frequency of some side effects is not known ( events from spontaneous reports and the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): severe stomach pain , nausea , vomiting of blood , black or bloody stools ( possible symptoms of gastrointestinal perforation ). mouth sores , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , bloody stools ( possible signs and symptoms of inflammation of the inner lining of the mouth , stomach and / or gut [ mucosal inflammation ]). if you are being treated for cervical cancer , you may get side effects from the other medicine ( cisplatin ) that you will be given along with hycamtin . those effects are described in the cisplatin patient leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , viraferon can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . although not all of these side effects may occur , they may need medical attention if they do . some people get depressed when taking viraferon alone or in combination treatment with ribavirin , and in some cases people had suicidal thoughts or aggressive behaviour ( sometimes directed against others ). some patients have actually committed suicide . be sure to seek emergency care if you notice that you are becoming depressed or have suicidal thoughts or change in your behaviour . you may want to consider asking a family member or close friend to help you stay alert to signs of depression or changes in your behaviour . paediatric use : children are particularly prone to develop depression when being treated with viraferon and ribavirin . immediately contact the doctor or seek emergency care if they display any unusual behavioural symptoms , feel depressed , or feel they want to harm themselves or others . if any of the following side effects happen , stop taking viraferon and tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital : swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ; hives ; fainting . these are all very serious side effects . if you have them , you may have had a serious allergic reaction to viraferon . you may need urgent medical attention or hospitalisation . these very serious side effects are very rare . check with your doctor immediately if any of the following side effects occur : chest pain or persistent and severe cough ; irregular or rapid heartbeat ; shortness of breath , confusion , difficulty remaining alert , numbness or tingling sensation or pain in hands or feet ; seizure ( convulsions ); trouble sleeping , thinking or concentrating ; altered mental state ; suicidal thoughts , suicide attempt , changed behaviour or aggressive behaviour ( sometimes directed against others ), hallucinations ; severe stomach pain ; black or tar like stools ; blood in stool or urine , severe nosebleed ; waxy pallor , high sugar level in blood , fever or chills beginning after a few weeks of treatment , lower back or side pain , difficult urination , problems with your eyes or your eyesight or hearing , loss of hearing , severe or painful reddening or sores on your skin or mucous membrane . these may signal serious side effects that may need urgent medical attention . your doctor will test your blood to ensure that your white blood cell ( cells that fight infection ) and red blood cell ( cells that carry iron and oxygen ) counts , platelets ( blood clotting cells ) and other laboratory values are at acceptable levels . at the beginning of treatment with viraferon , you may experience a flu - like reaction , with fever , fatigue , headache , muscle ache , joint pain and chills / rigors . your doctor may recommend that you take paracetamol if you develop these symptoms . other side effects that may occur include : very commonly reported side effects ( at least 1 in every 10 patients ): pain , swelling and redness or skin damage at site of injection , hair loss , dizziness , changes in appetite , stomach or abdominal pains , diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), viral infection , depression , emotional lability , insomnia , anxiety , sore throat and painful swallowing , fatigue , chills / rigors , fever , flu - like reaction , feeling of general discomfort , headaches , weight loss , vomiting , irritability , weakness , mood swings , coughing ( sometimes severe ), shortness of breath , itching , dry skin , rash , sudden and severe muscle pain , joint pain , musculoskeletal pain , changes in laboratory blood values including decreased white blood cell count . some children have had a decrease in their rate of growth ( height and weight ). commonly reported side effects ( at least 1 in every 100 patients , but less than 1 in every 10 patients ): thirst , dehydration , high blood pressure , migraines , swollen glands , flushing , menstrual problems , decreased sexual drive , vaginal problem , breast pain , pain in testicle , problems with thyroid gland , red gums , dry mouth , red or sore mouth or tongue , tooth ache or tooth disorder , herpes simplex ( fever blisters ), taste change , upset stomach , dyspepsia ( heartburn ), constipation , enlargement of liver ( liver problems , sometimes severe ), loose stools , bedwetting in children , inflammation of the sinuses , bronchitis , eye pain , problem with your tear ducts , conjunctivitis (" pink eye "), agitation , sleepiness , sleepwalking , problem with behaviour , nervousness , stuffy or runny nose , sneezing , rapid breathing , pale or reddened skin , bruising , fingers and toes very sensitive to cold , problem with skin or nails , psoriasis ( new or worsened ), increased sweating , increased need to pass urine , fine shaking movements , decreased sensitivity to touch , arthritis . rarely reported side effects ( at least 1 in every 10 , 000 patients , but less than 1 in every 1 , 000 patients ): pneumonia very rarely reported side effects ( less than 1 in every 10 , 000 patients ): low blood pressure , puffy face , diabetes , leg cramps , back pain , kidney problems , nerve damage , bleeding gums , aplastic anaemia . pure red cell aplasia , a condition where the body stopped or reduced the production 281 of red blood cells , has been reported . this causes severe anaemia , symptoms of which would include unusual tiredness and a lack of energy . very rarely sarcoidosis , ( a disease characterised by persistent fever , weight loss , joint pain and swelling , skin lesions and swollen glands ) has been reported . loss of consciousness has occurred very rarely , mostly in elderly patients treated at high doses . cases of stroke ( cerebrovascular events ) have been reported . check with your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . periodontal ( affecting gums ) and dental disorders , altered mental status , loss of consciousness , acute hypersensitivity reactions including urticaria ( hives ), angioedema ( swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), bronchoconstriction and anaphylaxis ( a severe , whole - body allergic reaction ) have been reported , but their frequency is unknown . additionally , vogt - koyanagi - harada syndrome ( an autoimmune inflammatory disorder affecting the eyes , skin and the membranes of the ears , brain and spinal cord ) has been reported with viraferon use . other side effects not listed above may also occur in some patients . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during treatment you may experience these serious side effects that require urgent medical attention . tell your doctor immediately if you have : thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself or to commit suicide or a suicide attempt ( uncommon side effect - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). combination of fever , sweating , muscle stiffness , and drowsiness or sleepiness . these can be the signs of the so - called neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( it is not known how many people are affected ). irregularities in heart rhythm that may be due to abnormal nerve impulses in the heart , abnormal readings during heart examination ( ecg ), qt prolongation - it is not known how many people are affected . symptoms related to blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing ( uncommon side effect - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): during blood tests your doctor may find higher amounts of prolactin in your blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , weight gain , akathisia ( an uncomfortable feeling of inner restlessness and a compelling need to move constantly ), dizziness , shaking , feeling sleepy , diarrhoea , nausea , pain in the upper abdomen , back pain , pain in arms or legs or both , during blood tests your doctor may find higher amounts of creatine kinase ( also called creatine phosphokinase ) in your blood ( enzyme important for muscle function ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue , face and throat , itching , hives ), parkinsonism - medical condition with many various symptoms which include decreased or slow movements , slowness of thought , jerks when bending the limbs ( cogwheel rigidity ), shuffling steps , shaking , little or no facial expression , muscle stiffness , drooling , dizziness on standing up due to a drop in your blood pressure , which may cause fainting , cough , tooth decay or cavities ( dental caries ), flatulence , muscle pain , higher blood pressure , during blood tests your doctor may find higher amounts of triglycerides in your blood , during blood tests your doctor may find increases in liver enzymes . other side effects ( it is not known how many people are affected ): seizure , muscle weakness , tenderness or pain and particularly , if at the same time , you feel unwell , have a high temperature or have dark urine . they may be caused by an abnormal muscle breakdown which can be life threatening and lead to kidney problems ( a condition called rhabdomyolysis ), withdrawal symptoms in new - born babies if the mother has taken this medicine during pregnancy . inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ) tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of side effects occur generally in and around the eyes . the following side effects have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) eye pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the eye ; pain in the eyelid ; abnormal sensation and discomfort in the eye , including feeling that there is something in the eye ; increase of tears ( this could include symptoms such as discharge in the eye ); inflammation of the eyelid with itching and redness ; redness of the conjunctiva ( mucous membrane that covers the front of the eye and lines the inside of the eyelids ); sensitivity to light ; irritation in or around the eye ; headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) excessive ingrowth of blood vessels into the cornea ; infection of the cornea with pus and swelling . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects are related to the conditioning medicine used to prepare your child ' s bone marrow for treatment with libmeldy . talk with your child ' s doctor about side effects of the conditioning medicine . you may also read the package leaflets for that medicine . side effects of the conditioning medicine tell the doctor or nurse immediately if your child gets any of the following side effects after receiving the conditioning medicine . they usually happen between the first few days and several weeks after receiving the conditioning medicine but can also develop much later . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) blood tests showing low level of white blood cells without or with a fever metabolic acidosis , a condition where the acid levels in the blood are raised inflammation and sores of the mouth and lips being sick ( vomiting ) enlarged liver pain in the right upper abdomen ( belly ) under the ribs , yellowing of eyes or skin , rapid weight gain , swelling of arms , legs and abdomen , and trouble breathing . these may be signs of a serious liver condition called veno - occlusive disease loss of function or decreased function of ovaries common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) abnormal bleeding or bruising - may be caused by low level of blood platelets , reducing the ability of blood to clot infections which may make your child feel hot ( feverish ), chilly or sweaty chest infection ( pneumonia ) infection of the organs involved in excretion of urine ( such as the bladder and urinary tract ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) excess fluid in body build - up of fluid in the abdomen trouble sleeping headache nosebleeds pain in the mouth and throat diarrhoea bleeding in the digestive tract feeling sick ( nausea ) increase in liver enzymes ( transaminases and aminotransferases ) seen in blood tests itchy skin back pain bone pain decreased urine production fever positive test for aspergillus ( lung disease caused by fungus ) side effects of libmeldy the following side effects have been reported with libmeldy . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) positive test for antibodies against arsa . antibodies are the body ' s natural defence against anything that the body thinks is foreign . reporting of side effects 44 if your child gets any side effects , talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) rashes , itching and rapid swelling of the tissues of the neck , face , mouth or throat difficulty to swallow hives and difficulties to breathe cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported ( frequency not known ) in patients receiving this medicine . pancreatitis can be a serious , potentially life - threatening medical condition . tell your doctor if you have had pancreatitis , gallstones , alcoholism or very high triglycerides . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis , or getting it again , whether or not you are taking this medicine . stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately if you experience severe and persistent stomach pain , with or without vomiting , because you could have an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , ( nausea is most common when first starting this medicine , but decreases over time in most patients ) vomiting diarrhoea hypoglycaemia when this medicine is used with a medicine that contains a sulphonylurea or an insulin , episodes of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia , generally mild to moderate ) can occur very commonly . the dose of your sulphonylurea or insulin medicine may need to be reduced while you use this medicine . the signs and symptoms of low blood sugar may include headache , drowsiness , weakness , dizziness , confusion , irritability , hunger , fast heartbeat , sweating , and feeling jittery . your doctor should tell you how to treat low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness headache feeling jittery 33 constipation pain in the stomach area bloating indigestion itching ( with or without rash ) flatulence ( passing gas ) increased sweating loss of energy and strength heartburn reduced appetite this medicine may reduce your appetite , the amount of food you eat , and your weight . if you lose weight too quickly ( more than 1 . 5 kg per week ) talk to your doctor about it since this may cause problems such as gallstones . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased in kidney function dehydration , generally associated with nausea , vomiting and / or diarrhoea unusual taste in the mouth burping injection site reactions ( redness ) sleepiness hair loss weight decreased rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): intestinal obstruction ( blockage in intestine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). in addition some other side effects have been reported : bleeding or bruising more easily than normal due to low level of blood platelets . changes in inr ( measurement of blood thinning ) have been reported when used together with warfarin . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or diabetes nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people feeling very tired ( fatigue ) headache common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling weak or lack of energy ( asthenia ) itching diarrhoea trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain or painful , swollen joints constipation feeling dizzy loss of appetite feeling irritable 50 muscle aches stomach pain unusual hair loss or thinning feeling nervous ( anxiety ) depression dry mouth being sick ( vomiting ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people abnormalities in laboratory tests of liver function reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more erelzi . tell your doctor immediately , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . trouble swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , throat , hands , or feet feeling nervous or anxious , throbbing sensations , sudden reddening of the skin and / or a warm feeling severe rash , itching , or hives ( elevated patches of red or pale skin that often itch ) serious allergic reactions are rare . however , any of the above symptoms may indicate an allergic reaction to erelzi , so you should seek immediate medical attention . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , you or the child may need urgent medical attention . signs of serious infections such as high fever that may be accompanied by cough , shortness of breath , chills , weakness , or a hot , red , tender , sore area on the skin or joints ; signs of blood disorders , such as bleeding , bruising , or paleness ; signs of nerve disorders , such as numbness or tingling , changes in vision , eye pain , or onset of weakness in an arm or leg ; signs of heart failure or worsening heart failure , such as fatigue or shortness of breath with activity , swelling in the ankles , a feeling of fullness in the neck or abdomen , night - time shortness of breath or coughing , bluish colour of the nails or the lips ; signs of cancers : cancers may affect any part of the body including the skin and blood , and possible signs will depend on the type and location of the cancer . these signs may include weight loss , fever , swelling ( with or without pain ), persistent cough , presence of lumps or growths on the skin ; signs of autoimmune reactions ( where antibodies are made that may harm normal tissues in the body ) such as pain , itching , weakness , and abnormal breathing , thinking , sensation , or vision ; signs of lupus or lupus - like syndrome , such as weight changes , persistent rash , fever , joint or muscle pain , or fatigue ; signs of inflammation of the blood vessels such as pain , fever , redness or warmth of the skin , or itching . these are rare or uncommon side effects , but are serious conditions ( some of which may rarely be fatal ). if these signs occur , tell your doctor immediately , or visit the casualty department at your nearest hospital . the known side effects of erelzi include the following in groups of decreasing frequency : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( including colds , sinusitis , bronchitis , urinary tract infections and skin infections ); injection site reactions ( including bleeding , bruising , redness , itching , pain , and swelling ). reactions at the injection site ( these do not occur as often after the first month of treatment ). some patients have developed a reaction at an injection site that was used before . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions ; fever ; rash ; itching ; antibodies directed against normal tissue ( autoantibody formation ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): serious infections ( including pneumonia , deep skin infections , joint infections , blood infection , and infections at various sites ); worsening of congestive heart failure ; low red blood cell count , low white blood cell count , low neutrophil ( a type of white blood cell ) count ; low blood platelet count ; skin cancer ( excluding melanoma ); localised swelling of the skin ( angioedema ); hives ( elevated patches of red or pale skin that often itch ); eye inflammation ; psoriasis ( new or worsening ); inflammation of the blood vessels affecting multiple organs ; elevated liver blood tests ( in patients also receiving methotrexate treatment , the frequency of elevated liver blood tests is common ); abdominal cramps and pain , diarrhoea , weight loss or blood in the stool ( signs of bowel problems ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reactions ( including severe localised swelling of the skin and wheezing ); lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ); leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ); melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ); combined low platelet , red , and white blood cell count ; nervous system disorders ( with severe muscle weakness and signs and symptoms similar to those of multiple sclerosis or inflammation of the nerves of the eyes or spinal cord ); tuberculosis ; new onset congestive heart failure ; seizures ; lupus or lupus - like syndrome ( symptoms may include persistent rash , fever , joint pain , and tiredness ); skin rash , which may lead to severe blistering and peeling of the skin ; lichenoid reactions ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash and / or threadlike white - grey lines on mucous membranes ); inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ; in patients also receiving methotrexate treatment , the frequency is uncommon ); immune disorder that can affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( sarcoidosis ); inflammation or scarring of the lungs ( in patients also receiving methotrexate treatment , the frequency of inflammation or scarring of the lungs is uncommon ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): failure of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ); excessive activation of white blood cells associated with inflammation ( macrophage activation syndrome ); recurrence of hepatitis b ( a liver infection ); worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( muscle inflammation and weakness with an accompanying skin rash ). side effects in children and adolescents the side effects and their frequencies seen in children and adolescents are similar to those described above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are described below : serious side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a hypersensitivity reaction ( serious allergic reaction including anaphylaxis and angioedema ) has been reported , in some cases during administration of cubicin . this serious allergic reaction needs immediate medical attention . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you 38 experience any of the following symptoms : - chest pain or tightness , - rash or hives , - swelling around throat , - rapid or weak pulse , - wheezing , - fever , - shivering or trembling , - hot flushes , - dizziness , - fainting , - metallic taste . - tell your doctor straight away if you experience unexplained muscle pain , tenderness , or weakness . muscle problems can be serious , including muscle breakdown ( rhabdomyolysis ), which can result in kidney damage . other serious side effects that have been reported with the use of cubicin are : - a rare but potentially serious lung disorder called eosinophilic pneumonia , mostly after more than 2 weeks of treatment . the symptoms can include difficulty breathing , new or worsening cough , or new or worsening fever . - serious skin disorders . the symptoms can include : - a new or worsening fever , - red raised or fluid - filled skin spots which may start in your armpits or on your chest or groin areas and which can spread over a large area of your body , - blisters or sores in your mouth or on your genitals . - a serious kidney problem . the symptoms can include fever and rash . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor will perform additional tests to make a diagnosis . the most frequently reported side effects are described below : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fungal infections such as thrush , - urinary tract infection , - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), - dizziness , anxiety , difficulty in sleeping , - headache , - fever , weakness ( asthenia ), - high or low blood pressure , - constipation , abdominal pain , - diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), - flatulence , - abdominal swelling or bloating , - skin rash or itching , - pain , itchiness or redness at the site of infusion , - pain in arms or legs , - blood testing showing higher levels of liver enzymes or creatine phosphokinase ( cpk ). other side effects which may occur following cubicin treatment are described below : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood disorders ( e . g . increased number of small blood particles called platelets , which may increase the tendency for blood clotting , or higher levels of certain types of white blood cells ), - decreased appetite , - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , taste disturbance , - trembling , - changes in heart rhythm , flushes , 39 - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), inflammation of the tongue , - itchy rash of skin , - muscle pain , cramping , or weakness , inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ), joint pain , - kidney problems , - inflammation and irritation of the vagina , - general pain or weakness , tiredness ( fatigue ), - blood test showing increased levels of blood sugar , serum creatinine , myoglobin , or lactate dehydrogenase ( ldh ), prolonged blood clotting time or imbalance of salts , - itchy eyes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes , - prothrombin time prolonged . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) antibacterial - associated colitis , including pseudomembranous colitis ( severe or persistent diarrhoea containing blood and / or mucus , associated with abdominal pain or fever ), easy bruising , bleeding gums , or nosebleeds . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the most frequently occurring side effects with mecasermin are : low blood sugar ( hypoglycemia ), vomiting , injection site reactions , headache and middle ear infections . serious allergic reactions have also been reported with increlex . if you develop any of these events , please follow the advice given for each event in the sections below . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) cancerous and non - cancerous tumours an increase in both cancerous and non - cancerous tumours has been reported in patients treated with increlex . the risk of such tumours may be higher if increlex is used for condition other than what is stated in section 1 or used at higher than recommended dose as per section 3 . serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) generalised hives , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , swelling of the face and / or throat have been reported following mecasermin use . stop increlex immediately and seek urgent medical advice if you develop a serious allergic reaction . local allergic reactions at the injection site ( itching , hives ) have also been reported . hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss has also been reported following mecasermin use . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) mecasermin may lower blood sugar levels . signs of low blood sugar are : dizziness , tiredness , restlessness , hunger , irritability , trouble concentrating , sweating , nausea and fast or irregular heartbeats . severe hypoglycaemia may cause unconsciousness , seizures / fits or death . stop increlex immediately and seek urgent medical advice if you develop seizures / fits or become unconscious . if you take increlex , you should avoid participating in high risk activities ( such as vigorous physical activity ) within 2 to 3 hours after increlex injection , especially at the beginning of increlex treatment . before beginning treatment with increlex the doctor or nurse will explain to you how to treat hypoglycaemia . you should always have a source of sugar such as orange juice , glucose gel , sweets , or milk available in case symptoms of hypoglycaemia occur . for severe hypoglycaemia , if you are not responsive and cannot drink sugar - containing fluids , you should give an injection of glucagon . the doctor or nurse will instruct you how to give the injection . glucagon raises the blood sugar when it is injected . it is important that you have a well - balanced diet including protein and fat such as meat and cheese in addition to sugar - containing foods . injection site hypertrophy ( tissue at injection site increases in size ) and bruising these can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ). digestive system vomiting and pain in the upper belly have occurred with mecasermin treatment . infections infections of the middle ear have been observed in children with mecasermin treatment . musculoskeletal system joint pains and pains in the limbs have occurred with mecasermin treatment . nervous system headache has occurred with mecasermin treatment . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) seizures seizures ( fits ) have been observed with mecasermin treatment . dizziness and tremor have also been reported with mecasermin treatment . heart abnormalities a fast heart rate and abnormal heart sounds have been reported with mecasermin treatment . increased blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) increased blood sugar has also been observed with mecasermin treatment . enlarged tonsils / adenoids mecasermin may enlarge your tonsils / adenoids . some signs of enlarged tonsils / adenoids include : snoring , difficulty breathing or swallowing , sleep apnoea ( a condition where breathing stops briefly during sleep ), or fluid in the middle ear , as well as infections of the ear . sleep apnea can cause excessive daytime sleepiness . call the doctor should these symptoms bother you . the doctor should regularly examine your tonsils / adenoids . enlarged thymus an enlarged thymus ( a specialized organ of the immune system ) has been observed with mecasermin treatment . papilloedema a swelling at the back of the eye ( due to increased pressure within the brain ) may be observed by a doctor or optician during mecasermin treatment . hypoacusis ( hearing loss ) hypoacusis ( hearing loss ), ear pain and fluid in the middle ear have been observed with mecasermin treatment . tell the doctor if you develop hearing problems . worsened scoliosis ( caused by rapid growth ) if you have scoliosis , you will need to be checked often for an increase in the curve of the spine . pain in muscles has also been seen with mecasermin treatment . reproductive system breast enlargement has been observed with mecasermin treatment . digestive system pain in the belly has occurred with mecasermin treatment . skin and hair changes skin thickening , moles and abnormal hair texture have been seen with mecasermin treatment . reactions at the injection site reactions including pain , irritation , bleeding , bruising , redness and hardening have been reported with increlex treatment . injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the brain ( intracranial hypertension ) increlex can sometimes cause a temporary increase in pressure within the brain . the symptoms of intracranial hypertension can include visual changes , headache , nausea and / or vomiting . tell the doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor can check to see if intracranial hypertension is present . if it is present , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce or discontinue mecasermin therapy . mecasermin may be started again after the episode is over . heart abnormalities in some patients treated with mecasermin , an ultrasound examination of the heart ( echocardiogram ) showed an increased size of the heart muscle and abnormalities of heart valve function . your doctor may perform an echocardiogram before , during and after mecasermin treatment . reactions at the injection site reactions including rash , swelling and fatty lumps have been reported with increlex treatment . injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ). weight increase weight increase has been observed with mecasermin treatment . other uncommon side effects seen with mecasermin treatment include depression , nervousness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . few cases of allergic reactions ( such as skin rash and serious reactions ) have been reported . their frequency is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you have red , itchy , raised areas ( hives ), runny nose , fast or uneven pulse , swelling of your tongue and throat , sneezing , wheezing , serious difficulty in breathing or dizziness , you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine . if you notice these signs , contact your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and runny nose . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , nasal congestion or stuffy nose , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , too low levels of phenylalanine in blood tests , indigestion and feeling sick ( nausea ) ( see section 2 : " warnings and precautions "). not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) gastritis ( inflammation of the lining of the stomach ), oesophagitis ( inflammation of the lining of the gullet ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking actos in combination with insulin . symptoms are unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of 65 , seek medical advice straight away . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking actos . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking actos in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking actos and have also been reported in male patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) taking actos . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye has also been reported in patients taking actos ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) in patients taking actos . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking actos are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - weight gain - numbness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes - allergic reactions the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when actos is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - impotence - back pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in red blood cell count - flatulence 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in enzymes - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - sweating - tiredness - increased appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function tests , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): tiredness , fungal infections , confusion , hallucinations , vomiting , abnormal gait , heart failure and venous blood clotting ( thrombosis / thromboembolism ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ): seizures not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) and psychotic reactions alzheimer ' s disease has been associated with depression , suicidal ideation and suicide . these events have been reported in patients treated with ebixa . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacis . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of the side effects may be serious . if you suffer from any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , signs of infection ( e . g . sore throat ), pale skin or extreme tiredness . these may be due to a decrease of some blood cells altered behaviour , headaches , coma , visual disturbances , seizures ( fitting ), kidney failure , fever , extreme tiredness , weakness or bleeding into the stomach , bowels or skin ( including small red spots or large bruised areas ). this could indicate that you are suffering from a serious condition called thrombotic thrombocytic purpura ( rare disorder of the blood clotting system which causes multiple blood clots to form around the body ) signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ') swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes , itching and blistering of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . bleeding the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) reported for medicines containing clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleeds or blood in the urine . in a small 36 number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the abdomen , the lung and the joints have also been reported . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take slightly longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way that your medicine works . for minor cuts and injuries ( e . g . shaving cuts ) you should not worry . however , if you are in any doubt , bleeding becomes serious or you experience unexpected bleeding from unusual parts of your body you should contact your doctor straight away ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). the following side effects have been reported . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding under the skin ), nose bleeds , bleeding in the stomach or bowels , increased bleeding at the site of a puncture wound diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache and dizziness prolonged bleeding , bleeding inside the head , bleeding in the eye , blood in the urine and / or purpura ( red spots on the skin caused by bleeding underneath the skin ) rashes , itching , abnormal touch sensation ulcers in the stomach and small intestine , nausea , vomiting , constipation , flatulence ( wind ) and inflammation of the stomach leading to sickness , loss of appetite and discomfort after eating reduction in blood platelets which makes bleeding or bruising more likely blood disorders including a reduction in the number of white blood cells which makes infections more likely . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): reduced levels of certain white blood cells which increases the risk of infection ( neutropenia ) vertigo ( dizziness accompanied by a whirling sensation ) bleeding inside the abdomen very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): a serious condition called thrombotic thrombocytic purpura ( rare disorder of the blood clotting system which causes multiple blood clots to form around the body ). symptoms may include altered behaviour , headaches , coma , visual disturbances , seizures ( fitting ), kidney failure , fever , extreme tiredness , weakness , or bleeding into the stomach , bowels or skin ( including small red spots or large bruised areas ) severe reduction in certain blood cells leading to increased risk of bleeding or bruising , increased risk of infections , pale skin and extreme tiredness generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); breathing difficulties , swelling or inflammation of the mouth , skin allergy , blisters on the skin confusion or hallucinations taste disorders sore mouth ( stomatitis ) inflammation of the blood vessels , decrease in blood pressure yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) bleeding in the lungs , throat , stomach or bowels , abdomen or joints bleeding of post - operative wounds or other serious bleeds severe abdominal pain with or without back pain , pain in the joints and muscular pain diarrhoea fever changes in levels of certain substances in your blood or urine . this may be detectable via blood or urine tests . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everyone gets them . when you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of ziagen or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . even patients who don ' t have the hla - b * 5701 gene may still develop a hypersensitivity reaction ( a serious allergic reaction ), described in this leaflet in the panel headed ' hypersensitivity reactions '. it is very important that you read and understand the information about this serious reaction . as well as the side effects listed below for ziagen , other conditions can develop during combination therapy for hiv . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. hypersensitivity reactions ziagen contains abacavir ( which is also an active substance in trizivir , triumeq and kivexa ). abacavir can cause a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . these hypersensitivity reactions have been seen more frequently in people taking medicines that contain abacavir . who gets these reactions ? anyone taking ziagen could develop a hypersensitivity reaction to abacavir , which could be life threatening if they continue to take ziagen . you are more likely to develop such a reaction if you have the hla - b * 5701 gene ( but you can get a reaction even if you do not have this gene ). you should have been tested for this gene before ziagen was prescribed for you . if you know you have this gene , tell your doctor before you take ziagen . about 3 to 4 in every 100 patients treated with abacavir in a clinical trial who did not have the hla - b * 5701 gene developed a hypersensitivity reaction . what are the symptoms ? the most common symptoms are : fever ( high temperature ) and skin rash other common symptoms are : nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ), diarrhoea , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , severe tiredness other symptoms include : pains in the joints or muscles , swelling of the neck , shortness of breath , sore throat , cough , occasional headaches , inflammation of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), mouth ulcers , low blood pressure , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . when do these reactions happen ? hypersensitivity reactions can start at any time during treatment with ziagen , but are more likely during the first 6 weeks of treatment . if you are caring for a child who is being treated with ziagen , it is important that you understand the information about this hypersensitivity reaction . if your child gets the symptoms described below it is essential that you follow the instructions given . contact your doctor immediately : 1 if you get a skin rash , or 2 if you get symptoms from at least 2 of the following groups : - fever - shortness of breath , sore throat or cough - nausea or vomiting , diarrhoea or abdominal pain - severe tiredness or achiness , or generally feeling ill your doctor may advise you to stop taking ziagen . if you have stopped taking ziagen if you have stopped taking ziagen because of a hypersensitivity reaction , you must never again take ziagen , or any other medicine containing abacavir ( e . g . trizivir , triumeq or kivexa ). if you do , within hours , your blood pressure could fall dangerously low , which could result in death . if you have stopped taking ziagen for any reason - especially because you think you are having side effects , or because you have other illness : talk to your doctor before you start again . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if the doctor thinks they may have been , you will then be told 58 never again to take ziagen , or any other medicine containing abacavir ( e . g . trizivir , triumeq or kivexa ). it is important that you follow this advice . occasionally , hypersensitivity reactions have developed in people who start taking abacavir containing products again , but who had only one symptom on the alert card before they stopped taking it . very rarely , patients who have taken medicines containing abacavir in the past without any symptoms of hypersensitivity have developed a hypersensitivity reaction when they start taking these medicines again . if your doctor advises that you can start taking ziagen again , you may be asked to take your first doses in a place where you will have ready access to medical care if you need it . if you are hypersensitive to ziagen , return all your unused ziagen tablets for safe disposal . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . the ziagen pack includes an alert card , to remind you and medical staff about hypersensitivity reactions . detach this card and keep it with you at all times . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : hypersensitivity reaction feeling sick ( nausea ) headache being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea loss of appetite tiredness , lack of energy fever ( high temperature ) skin rash rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms contact a doctor urgently . if you get side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects get severe or troublesome , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet . other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv combination therapy including ziagen may cause other conditions to develop during hiv treatment . symptoms of infection and inflammation old infections may flare up people with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems , and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). when these people start treatment , they may find that old , hidden infections flare up , causing signs and symptoms of inflammation . these symptoms are probably caused by the body ' s immune system becoming stronger , so that the body starts to fight these infections . symptoms usually include fever , plus some of the following : headache stomach ache difficulty breathing in rare cases , as the immune system becomes stronger , it can also attack healthy body tissue ( autoimmune disorders ). the symptoms of autoimmune disorders may develop many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . symptoms may include : palpitations ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ) or tremor hyperactivity ( excessive restlessness and movement ) weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body if you get any symptoms of infection while you are taking ziagen : tell your doctor immediately . do not take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue die because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids if they drink alcohol if their immune systems are very weak if they are overweight signs of osteonecrosis include : stiffness in the joints aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) difficulty moving if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , xenical can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you do not feel well while you are taking xenical . the majority of unwanted effects related to the use of xenical result from its local action in your digestive system . these symptoms are generally mild , occur at the beginning of treatment and are particularly experienced after meals containing high levels of fat . normally , these symptoms disappear if you continue treatment and keep to your recommended diet . very common side effects ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) headache , abdominal pain / discomfort , urgent or increased need to open the bowels , flatulence ( wind ) with discharge , oily discharge , oily or fatty stools , liquid stools , low blood sugar levels ( experienced by some people with type 2 diabetes ). common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rectal pain / discomfort , soft stools , incontinence ( stools ), bloating ( experienced by some people with type 2 diabetes ), tooth / gum disorder , irregularity of menstrual cycle , tiredness . the following side effects have also been reported but their frequency cannot be estimated from the available data : allergic reactions . the main symptoms are itching , rash , wheals ( slightly elevated , itchy skin patches that are paler or redder than surrounding skin ), severe difficulty in breathing , nausea , vomiting and feeling unwell . skin blistering ( including blisters that burst ). diverticulitis . bleeding from the back passage ( rectum ). increases in the levels of some liver enzymes may be found in blood tests . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). symptoms can include yellowing skin and eyes , itching , dark coloured urine , stomach pain and liver tenderness ( indicated by pain under the front of the rib cage on your right hand side ), sometimes with loss of appetite . stop xenical if such symptoms occur and tell your doctor . gallstones . pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ). oxalate nephropathy ( build up of calcium oxalate which may lead to kidney stones ). see chapter 2 , take special care with xenical . effects on clotting with anti - coagulants . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v *. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . as mentioned in ' warnings and precautions ', above , the most important side effects of viramune are severe and life threatening skin reactions and serious liver damage . these reactions occur mainly in the first 18 weeks of treatment with viramune . this is therefore an important period which requires close monitoring by your doctor . if you ever observe any rash symptoms , inform your doctor immediately . when rash occurs it is normally mild to moderate . however , in some patients a rash , which appears as a blistering skin reaction , can be severe or life - threatening ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) and deaths have been recorded . most of the cases of both severe rash and mild / moderate rash occur in the first six weeks of treatment . if rash occurs and you also feel sick , you must stop treatment and visit your doctor immediately . hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reactions can occur . such reactions may appear in the form of anaphylaxis ( a severe form of allergic reaction ) with symptoms such as : - rash - swelling of the face - difficulty breathing ( bronchial spasm ) - anaphylactic shock hypersensitivity reactions can also occur as rash with other side effects such as : - fever - blistering of your skin - mouth sores - inflammation of the eye - swelling of the face - general swelling - shortness of breath - muscle or joint pain - a reduction in the numbers of your white blood cells ( granulocytopenia ) - general feelings of illness - severe problems with liver or kidneys ( liver or kidney failure ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience rash and any of the other side effects of a hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reaction . such reactions can be life - threatening . abnormal liver functioning has been reported with the use of viramune . this includes some cases of 141 inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), which can be sudden and intense ( fulminant hepatitis ), and liver failure , which can be both fatal . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following clinical symptoms of liver damage : - loss of appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - yellow skin ( jaundice ) - abdominal pain the side effects described below have been experienced by patients given viramune : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - rash common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells ( granulocytopenia ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - abdominal pain - loose stools ( diarrhoea ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - fever - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction characterized by rash , swelling of the face , difficulty breathing ( bronchial spasm ) or anaphylactic shock - decreased numbers of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - yellow skin ( jaundice ) - severe and life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - hives ( urticaria ) - fluid under the skin ( angioedema ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - decreased blood phosphorus - increased blood pressure rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - sudden and intense inflammation of the liver ( fulminant hepatitis ) - drug reaction with systemic symptoms ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ) the following events have also been reported when viramune has been used in combination with other antiretroviral agents : - decreased numbers of red blood cells or platelets - inflammation of the pancreas - decrease in or abnormal skin sensations these events are commonly associated with other antiretroviral agents and may be expected to occur when viramune is used in combination with other agents ; however , it is unlikely that these events are due to treatment with viramune . additional side effects in children and adolescents a reduction in white blood cells ( granulocytopenia ) can occur , which is more common in children . a 142 reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be related to nevirapine therapy , is also more commonly observed in children . as with rash symptoms , please inform your doctor of any side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 37 stop taking thalidomide celgene and see a doctor straight away if you notice the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : extremely intense and serious skin reactions . the adverse reaction of the skin may appear as rashes with or without blisters . skin irritation , sores or swelling in the mouth , throat , eyes , nose and around the genitals , oedema and fever and flulike symptoms may occur . these symptoms may be signs of the rare and serious skin reactions stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis or dress syndrome . allergic reactions such as a localised or generalised pruritic rash , angioedema and anaphylactic reaction ( serious types of allergic reaction that may be manifested as hives , rashes , swelling of eyes , mouth or face , difficulty of breathing , or itching ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : numbness , tingling , abnormal coordination or pain in your hands and feet . this may be due to nerve damage ( called ' peripheral neuropathy '), which is a very common side effect . it may become very severe , painful and disabling . if you experience such symptoms , speak to your doctor straight away , who may reduce the dose or discontinue the treatment . this side effect usually happens after you have been taking this medicine for several months but can happen sooner than this . it can also happen sometime after treatment has stopped . it may not go away , or may go away slowly . sudden pain in your chest or difficulty in breathing . this may be due to blood clots in the arteries leading to your lungs ( called ' pulmonary embolism '), which is a common side effect . these can happen during treatment , or after treatment has stopped . pain or swelling in your legs , especially in your lower leg or calves . this may be due to blood clots in the veins of your leg ( deep vein thrombosis ), which is a common side effect . these can happen during treatment , or after treatment has stopped . chest pain spreading to the arms , neck , jaw , back or stomach , feeling sweaty and breathless , feeling sick or vomiting . these may be symptoms of a heart attack / myocardial infarction ( which may be due to blood clots in the arteries of your heart ). having difficulty in seeing or speaking , which is temporary . these may be symptoms of a stroke ( which may be due to a clot in an artery in your brain ). fever , chills , sore throat , cough , mouth ulcers or any other symptoms of infection . bleeding or bruising in the absence of injury . other side effects include : it is important to note that a small number of patients with multiple myeloma may develop additional types of cancer , especially haematological malignancies , and it is possible that this risk may be increased with thalidomide celgene treatment ; therefore your doctor should carefully evaluate the benefit and risk when you are prescribed thalidomide celgene . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) constipation . feeling dizzy . sleepiness , feeling tired . shaking ( tremor ). decreased or abnormal sensation ( dysaesthesia ). swelling of hands and feet . low blood cell counts . this may mean that you are more likely to develop infections . your doctor may monitor your blood cell counts during treatment with thalidomide celgene . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), dry mouth . rash , dryness of the skin . a fall in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) accompanied by fever and infection . a fall in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets at the same time ( pancytopenia ). feeling weak , faint or unsteady , lack of energy or strength , low blood pressure . fever , feeling generally unwell . convulsions . a spinning feeling in your head , making it difficult to stand up and move normally . blurred vision . chest infection ( pneumonia ), lung disease . a slow heart rate , heart failure . depression , confusion , mood changes , anxiety . hearing decreased or deafness . kidney disease ( renal failure ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation and swelling of the tubes in your lungs ( bronchitis ). inflammation of the cells lining your stomach wall . a hole in part of your large bowel ( colon ) which can cause infection . bowel obstruction . fall of blood pressure on standing which may lead to fainting . irregularities of the heartbeat ( heart block or atrial fibrillation ), feeling faint or fainting . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) : underactive thyroid ( hypothyroidism ). sexual dysfunction , for example impotence . severe blood infection ( sepsis ) accompanied by fever , chills and severe shaking , and possibly complicated by low blood pressure and confusion ( septic shock ). tumour lysis syndrome - metabolic complications that can occur during the treatment of cancer and sometimes even without treatment . these complications are caused by the break - down products of dying cancer cells and may include the following : changes to blood chemistry ; high potassium , phosphorus , uric acid , and low calcium consequently leading to changes in kidney function , heart beat , seizures , and sometimes death . injury to the liver ( hepatic disorder ) including abnormal liver test results . bleeding from the stomach or bowels ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ). worsening of parkinson ' s disease symptoms ( such as tremor , depression or confusion ). pain in the upper abdomen and / or back , which may be severe and which remains for a few days , possibly accompanied by nausea , vomiting , fever and a rapid pulse these symptoms may be due to the inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). increase in blood pressure within blood vessels that supply the lungs which can lead to shortness of breath , tiredness , dizziness , pain in the chest , a faster heartbeat , or swelling in the legs or ankles ( pulmonary hypertension ). viral infections , including herpes zoster ( also known as ' shingles ', a viral disease that causes a painful skin rash with blisters ) and recurrence of hepatitis b infection ( which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark brown - coloured urine , right - sided stomach pain , fever and feeling nauseous or being sick ). a brain condition with symptoms including vision changes , headache , seizures , and confusion , with or without high blood pressure ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). a condition affecting the skin caused by inflammation of small blood vessels , along with pain in the joints and fever ( leukocytoclastic vasculitis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects listed below were seen when equidacent was given together with chemotherapy . this does not necessarily mean that these side effects were strictly caused by equidacent . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . the signs may include : difficulty in breathing or chest pain . you could also experience redness or flushing of the skin or a rash , chills and shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). you should seek help immediately if you suffer from any of the below mentioned side effects . severe side effects , which may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), include : high blood pressure , feeling of numbness or tingling in hands or feet , decreased number of cells in the blood , including white cells that help to fight against infections ( this may be accompanied by fever ), and cells that help the blood to clot , feeling weak and having no energy , tiredness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and abdominal pain . severe side effects , which may be common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), include : perforation of the gut , bleeding , including bleeding in the lungs in patients with non - small cell lung cancer , blocking of the arteries by a blood clot , blocking of the veins by a blood clot , blocking of the blood vessels of the lungs by a blood clot , blocking of the veins of the legs by a blood clot , heart failure , problems with wound healing after surgery , redness , peeling , tenderness , pain , or blistering on the fingers or feet , decreased number of red cells in the blood , lack of energy , stomach and intestinal disorder , muscle and joint pain , muscular weakness , dry mouth in combination with thirst and / or reduced or darkened urine , inflammation of the moist lining of mouth and gut , lungs and air passages , reproductive , and urinary tracts , sores in the mouth and the tube from the mouth to the stomach , which may be painful and cause difficulty swallowing , pain , including headache , back pain and pain in the pelvis and anal regions , localised pus collection , infection , and in particular infection in the blood or bladder , reduced blood supply to the brain or stroke , sleepiness , nose bleed , 67 increase in heart rate ( pulse ), blockage in the gut or bowel , abnormal urine test ( protein in the urine ), shortness of breath or low levels of oxygen in the blood , infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , fistula : abnormal tube - like connection between internal organs and skin or other tissues that are not normally connected , including connections between vagina and the gut in patients with cervical cancer . severe side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ), include : serious infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , especially if you had holes in the gut wall or problems with wound healing , allergic reactions ( the signs may include difficulty breathing , facial redness , rash , low blood pressure or high blood pressure , low oxygen in your blood , chest pain , or nausea / vomiting ), a negative effect on a woman ' s ability to have children ( see the paragraphs below the list of side effects for further recommendations ), a brain condition with symptoms including seizures ( fits ), headache , confusion , and changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), symptoms that suggest changes in normal brain function ( headaches , vision changes , confusion , or seizures ), and high blood pressure , an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ), clogging of a very small blood vessel ( s ) in the kidney , abnormally high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the lungs which makes the right side of the heart work harder than normal , a hole in the cartilage wall separating the nostrils of the nose , a hole in the stomach or intestines , an open sore or hole in the lining of the stomach or small intestine ( the signs may include abdominal pain , feeling bloated , black tarry stools or blood in your stools ( faeces ) or blood in your vomit ), bleeding from the lower part of the large bowel , lesions in the gums with an exposed jaw bone that does not heal and may be associated with pain and inflammation of the surrounding tissue ( see the paragraphs below the list of side effects for further recommendations ), hole in the gall bladder ( symptoms and signs may include abdominal pain , fever , and nausea / vomiting ). you should seek help as soon as possible if you suffer from any of the below mentioned side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects , which were not severe , include : constipation , loss of appetite , fever , problems with the eyes ( including increased production of tears ), changes in speech , change in the sense of taste , runny nose , dry skin , flaking and inflammation of the skin , change in skin colour , loss of body weight , nose bleeds . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects , which were not severe , include : voice changes and hoarseness . patients older than 65 years have an increased risk of experiencing the following side effects : blood clot in the arteries which can lead to a stroke or a heart attack , reduction in the number of white cells in the blood , and cells that help the blood clot , diarrhoea , sickness , headache , fatigue , high blood pressure . equidacent may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . these include a decreased number of white cells in the blood , in particular neutrophils ( one type of white blood cell which helps protect against infections ) in the blood ; presence of protein in the urine ; decreased blood potassium , sodium or phosphorous ( a mineral ); increased blood sugar ; increased blood alkaline phosphatase ( an enzyme ); increased serum creatinine ( a protein measured by a blood test to see how well your kidneys are working ); decreased haemoglobin ( found in red blood cells , which carry oxygen ), which may be severe . pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or sores inside the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs and symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . pre - menopausal women ( women who have a menstrual cycle ) may notice that their periods become irregular or are missed and may experience impaired fertility . if you are considering having children you should discuss this with your doctor before your treatment starts . equidacent has been developed and made to treat cancer by injecting it into the bloodstream . it has not been developed or made for injection into the eye . it is therefore not authorised to be used in this way . when equidacent is injected directly into the eye ( unapproved use ), the following side effects may occur : infection or inflammation of the eye globe , redness of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), eye pain , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , increased eye pressure , bleeding in the eye . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking emend and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects , which may be serious , and for which you may need urgent medical treatment : - hives , rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ); these are signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects that have been reported are listed below . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : - increased amount of liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : - upper stomach pain , bowel sounds abnormal , dry mouth , nausea , stomach discomfort , serious constipation , small bowel not working properly ( sub - ileus ), - decreased feeling or sensitivity ( especially in skin ), sensory disturbance , difficulty in speaking , - decrease in pupil size , decrease in sharpness of vision ( vision loss ), - inability to sleep , - slow heartbeat , - whistling sound while breathing , shortness of breath . side effects for which the frequency is not known : - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare severe skin reaction ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . allergic reactions these are uncommon in people taking tivicay . signs include : skin rash a high temperature ( fever ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing muscle or joint aches . → see a doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to carry out tests on your liver , kidneys or blood , and may tell you to stop taking tivicay . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ). common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : rash itching ( pruritus ) being sick ( vomiting ) stomach pain ( abdominal pain ) 84 stomach ( abdominal ) discomfort insomnia dizziness abnormal dreams depression ( feelings of deep sadness and unworthiness ) anxiety lack of energy ( fatigue ) wind ( flatulence ) increase in the level of liver enzymes increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ). uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) suicide attempt * suicidal thoughts * joint pain muscle pain * particularly in patients who have had depression or mental health problems before . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : liver failure ( signs may include yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes or unusually dark urine ). symptoms of infection and inflammation people with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems , and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). such infections may have been " silent " and not detected by the weak immune system before treatment was started . after starting treatment , the immune system becomes stronger , and may attack the infections , which can cause symptoms of infection or inflammation . symptoms usually include fever , plus some of the following : headache stomach ache difficulty breathing in rare cases , as the immune system becomes stronger , it can also attack healthy body tissue ( autoimmune disorders ). the symptoms of autoimmune disorders may develop many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . symptoms may include : palpitations ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ) or tremor hyperactivity ( excessive restlessness and movement ) weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body . if you ( or your child ) get any symptoms of infection and inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . joint pain , stiffness and bone problems some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue die because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids if they drink alcohol 85 if their immune systems are very weak if they are overweight . signs of osteonecrosis include : stiffness in the joints aches and pains in the joints ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) difficulty moving . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor . weight , blood lipid and blood glucose effects during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and lifestyle , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): a bitter or metallic taste ( dysgeusia ) tiredness headache feeling sick ( nausea ) dizziness diarrhoea feeling hot these side effects are mostly mild , do not last long , and usually go away quickly without treatment . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abdominal pain feeling cold hunger palpitations lower than normal heart rate ( sinus bradycardia ) sleepiness thirst tremor vertigo frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): 20 changes in the electrocardiogram ( ecg ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 4 months after the last solymbic injection . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : severe rash , hives or other signs of allergic reaction ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . the symptoms described above can be signs of the below listed side effects , which have been observed with adalimumab : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal pain ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; musculoskeletal pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including blood poisoning and influenza ); skin infections ( including cellulitis and shingles ); 70 ear infections ; oral infections ( including tooth infections and cold sores ); reproductive tract infections ; urinary tract infection ; fungal infections ; joint infections ; benign tumours ; skin cancer ; allergic reactions ( including seasonal allergy ); dehydration ; mood swings ( including depression ); anxiety ; difficulty sleeping ; sensation disorders such as tingling , prickling or numbness ; migraine ; nerve root compression ( including low back pain and leg pain ); vision disturbances ; eye inflammation ; inflammation of the eye lid and eye swelling ; vertigo ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; high blood pressure ; flushing ; haematoma ; cough ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; gastrointestinal bleeding ; dyspepsia ( indigestion , bloating , heart burn ); acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; inflammation of the skin ( such as eczema ); breaking of finger nails and toe nails ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; kidney problems ; chest pain ; oedema ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): opportunistic infections ( which include tuberculosis and other infections that occur when resistance to disease is lowered ); neurological infections ( including viral meningitis ); eye infections ; bacterial infections ; diverticulitis ( inflammation and infection of the large intestine ); cancer ; 71 cancer that affects the lymph system ; melanoma ; immune disorders that could affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( most commonly presenting as sarcoidosis ); vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ); tremor ; neuropathy ; stroke ; double vision ; hearing loss , buzzing ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; heart problems that can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling ; heart attack ; a sac in the wall of a major artery , inflammation and clot of a vein , blockage of a blood vessel ; lung diseases causing shortness of breath ( including inflammation ); pulmonary embolism ( blockage in an artery of the lung ); pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the pleural space ); inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ; gallbladder inflammation , gallbladder stones ; fatty liver ; night sweats ; scar ; abnormal muscle breakdown ; systemic lupus erythematosus ( including inflammation of skin , heart , lung , joints and other organ systems ); sleep interruptions ; impotence ; inflammations . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ); severe allergic reaction with shock ; multiple sclerosis ; nerve disorders ( such as eye nerve inflammation and guillain - barré syndrome that may cause muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms and upper body ); heart stops pumping ; pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ); intestinal perforation ; hepatitis ; reactivation of hepatitis b ; autoimmune hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ); cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ); stevens - johnson syndrome ( early symptoms include malaise , fever , headache and rash ); facial oedema associated with allergic reactions ; erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash ); lupus - like syndrome . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ): hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ( a rare blood cancer that is often fatal ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ); liver failure ; worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ). some side effects observed with adalimumab may not have symptoms and may only be discovered through blood tests . these include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for red blood cells ; increased lipids in the blood ; elevated liver enzymes . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for sodium ; low blood measurements for calcium ; low blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; autoantibodies present in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ): liver failure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the following happen to you , stop using duoresp spiromax and talk to your doctor immediately : 52 rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people swelling of your face , particularly around your mouth ( tongue and / or throat and / or difficulty to swallow ) or hives together with difficulties to breathe ( angioedema ) and / or sudden feeling of faintness . this may mean that you are having an allergic reaction , which may also include rash and itching . bronchospasm ( tightening of the muscles in the airways which causes wheezing and shortness of breath ). if the wheezing comes on suddenly after using this medicine stop using it and talk to your doctor immediately ( see below ). very rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people sudden , unexpected and acute wheezing and / or shortness of breath immediately after using your inhaler ( also referred to as ' paradoxical bronchospasm '). if either of these symptoms occur , stop using duoresp spiromax straightaway and use your ' reliever inhaler ' if you have one . contact your doctor immediately as you may need to have your treatment changed . other possible side effects : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people palpitations ( awareness of your heart beating ), trembling or shaking . if these effects occur , they are usually mild and usually disappear as you continue to use duoresp spiromax . thrush ( a fungal infection ) in the mouth . this is less likely to occur if you rinse your mouth out with water after using your medicine . mild sore throat , coughing and a hoarse voice . headache . pneumonia ( infection to the lung ) in copd patients . tell your doctor if you have any of the following while taking duoresp spiromax they could be symptoms of a lung infection : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people feeling restless , nervous , agitated , anxious or angry . disturbed sleep . feeling dizzy . nausea ( feeling sick ). fast heartbeat . bruising of the skin . muscle cramps blurred vision . rare : low levels of potassium in your blood . uneven heartbeat . very rare : depression . changes in behaviour , especially in children . chest pain or tightness in the chest ( angina pectoris ). disturbance of the heart ' s electrical system which does not cause symptoms ( prolongation of the qtc - interval ). an increase in the amount of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood , when you have a blood test . taste changes , such as an unpleasant taste in the mouth . changes in your blood pressure . inhaled corticosteroids can affect the normal production of steroid hormones in your body , particularly if you use high doses for a long time . the effects include : changes in bone mineral density ( thinning of the bones ) cataract ( clouding of the lens in the eye ) glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ) a slowing of the rate of growth of children and adolescents an effect on the adrenal gland ( a small gland next to the kidney ). symptoms of adrenal gland suppression could be tiredness , weakness , stomach problems including nausea , vomiting , pain and diarrhoea , darkening of the skin and weight loss . these effects happen very rarely and are much less likely to happen with inhaled corticosteroids than with corticosteroid tablets . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . usually side effects caused by comtess are mild to moderate . some of the side effects are often caused by the increased effects of levodopa therapy and are most common at the start of treatment . if you experience such effects at the start of treatment with comtess you should contact your doctor who may decide to adjust your dosage of levodopa . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): 22 uncontrollable movements with difficulty in performing voluntary movements ( dyskinesias ); feeling sick ( nausea ); harmless reddish - brown discolouration of urine . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): excessive movements ( hyperkinesias ), worsening of symptoms of parkinson ´ s disease , prolonged muscle cramps ( dystonia ); being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth ; dizziness , tiredness , increased sweating , fall ; hallucinations ( seeing / hearing / feeling / smelling things that are not really there ), sleeplessness , vivid dreams , and confusion ; heart or artery disease events ( e . g . chest pain ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heart attack . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rashes ; abnormal results in liver function test . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): agitation ; decreased appetite , weight loss ; hives . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the colon ( colitis ), inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) with yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ; discolouration of skin , hair , beard and nails . when comtess is given at higher doses : in doses of 1 , 400 to 2 , 000 mg per day , the following side effects are more common : uncontrollable movements ; nausea ; abdominal pain . other important side effects which may occur : comtess taken with levodopa may rarely make you feel very drowsy during the day , and cause you to suddenly fall asleep ; neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms ) is a rare severe reaction to medicines used to treat disorders of the nervous system . it is characterised by stiffness , muscle twitching , shaking , agitation and confusion , coma , high body temperature , increased heart rate , and unstable blood pressure ; a rare severe muscle disorder ( rhabdomyolysis ) which causes pain , tenderness and weakness of the muscles and may lead to kidney problems . you may experience the following side effects : inability to resist the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful , which may include : strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; 23 binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; they will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have one or more of the following side effects after taking translarna : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - vomiting common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - high blood triglyceride levels - headache - feeling sick - weight loss - high blood pressure - cough - nosebleed - constipation - wind - stomach discomfort - stomach pain - rash - arm or leg pain - chest pain - involuntary urination - blood in urine - fever 39 frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - increases in blood lipids - increases in test for kidney function reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms while being treated with xgeva ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): spasms , twitches , cramps in your muscles , numbness or tingling in your fingers , toes or around your mouth and / or seizures , confusion or loss of consciousness . these could be signs that you have low calcium levels in the blood . low calcium in the blood may also lead to a change in heart rhythm called qt prolongation , which is seen by electrocardiogram ( ecg ). please tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with xgeva or after stopping treatment ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): persistent pain in the mouth and / or jaw , and / or swelling or non - healing of sores in the mouth or jaw , discharge , numbness or feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone , joint , and / or muscle pain which is sometimes severe , shortness of breath , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low phosphate levels in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ), removal of a tooth , excessive sweating , in patients with advanced cancer : development of another form of cancer . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): high calcium levels in the blood ( hypercalcaemia ) after stopping treatment in patients with giant cell tumour of the bone , new or unusual pain in your hip , groin or thigh ( this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone ), rash that may occur on the skin or sores in the mouth ( lichenoid drug eruptions ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): allergic reactions ( e . g . wheezing or difficulty breathing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or other parts of the body ; rash , itching or hives on the skin ). in rare cases allergic reactions may be severe . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following side effects you should stop taking granpidam and contact a doctor immediately ( see also section 2 ): 32 - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision ( frequency not known ) - if you have an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 4 hours . prolonged and sometimes painful erections have been reported in men after taking sildenafil ( frequency not known ). adults side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) were headache , facial flushing , indigestion , diarrhoea and pain in the arms or legs . side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) included : infection under the skin , flu - like symptoms , inflammation of the sinuses , reduced number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), fluid retention , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , migraine , shaking , " pins and needles "- like sensation , burning sensation , reduced sense of touch , bleeding at the back of the eye , effects on vision , blurred vision and light sensitivity , effects on colour vision , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , vertigo , bronchitis , nosebleed , runny nose , cough , stuffy nose , stomach inflammation , gastroenteritis , heartburn , piles , abdominal distension , dry mouth , hair loss , redness of the skin , night sweats , muscle aches , back pain and increased body temperature . side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect 1 in 100 people ) included : reduced sharpness of vision , double vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , and breast enlargement in men . skin rash and sudden decrease or loss of hearing and decreased blood pressure have also been reported at an unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). children and adolescents the following serious adverse events have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ); pneumonia , heart failure , right heart failure , heart related shock , high blood pressure in the lungs , chest pain , fainting , respiratory infection , bronchitis , viral infection in the stomach and intestines , urinary tract infections and tooth cavities . the following serious adverse events were considered to be treatment related and were reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , swelling of the face , lips and tongue , wheezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing ), convulsion , irregular heart - beat , hearing impairment , shortness of breath , inflammation of the digestive tract , wheezing due to disrupted airflow . side effects reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) were headache , vomiting , infection of the throat , fever , diarrhoea , flu and nosebleed . side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) were nausea , increased erections , pneumonia and runny nose . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects occur during the infusion or shortly after (" infusion - related reaction ", see section 2 warnings and precautions ). while under treatment with lamzede , you may experience some of the following reactions : serious side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of consciousness ( fainting , which may be preceded by feeling dizzy , lightheaded or confused ) - acute renal insufficiency ( kidney problems which can be recognised from fluid retention , swelling in legs , ankles or feet , drowsiness , shortness of breath or fatigue ) - hypersensitivity and serious allergic reaction ( symptoms including localised or diffuse skin itching , dizziness , difficulty breathing , chest pain , gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhea or intestinal pain , swelling of the throat , face , lips or tongue ) if you experience any side effect like these , please tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - weight increase - fever / increased body temperature common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low heart beat ( bradycardia ) - psychotic behaviour ( mental illness with hallucinations , difficulty in thinking clearly and understanding reality , anxiety ), initial difficulty in sleeping - confused state , fainting , tremor , dizziness , headache - intestinal ( abdominal ) pain , irritation of the stomach caused by digestive acids ( reflux gastritis ), nausea , vomiting - pain at the site the infusion is given , chills , feeling hot , malaise , tiredness ( fatigue ) - skin rashes ( urticaria ), increased sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) - nosebleed - joint pain , back pain , joint stiffness , muscle pain , pain in extremity ( hands , feet ) - eye irritation , eyelid swelling ( eyelid oedema ), eye redness - increased appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . some side effects could be serious . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or have been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - rapid weight gain , swelling of hands , ankles , feet or face ( signs of water retention ) - chest pain or discomfort , high or low blood pressure , irregular heart rhythm ( fast or slow ), palpitations ( sensation of rapid heartbeat ), fainting , blue discolouration of the lips , tongue or skin ( signs of heart disorders ) - difficulty breathing or painful breathing , cough , wheezing with or without fever , swelling of the feet or legs ( signs of lung disorders ) 96 - fever , easy bruising or unexplained bleeding , severe or frequent infections , unexplained weakness ( signs of blood disorders ) - weakness or paralysis of the limbs or face , difficulty speaking , severe headache , seeing , feeling or hearing things that are not there , changes in eyesight , loss of consciousness , confusion , disorientation , trembling , sensation of tingling , pain or numbness in fingers and toes ( signs of nervous system disorders ) - thirst , dry skin , irritability , dark urine , decreased urine output , difficulty and pain when urinating , exaggerated sense of needing to urinate , blood in urine , abnormal urine colour ( signs of kidney or urinary tract disorders ) - visual disturbances including blurred vision , double - vision or perceived flashes of light , decreased sharpness or loss of vision , blood in eye , increased sensitivity of the eyes to light , eye pain , redness , itching or irritation , dry eye , swelling or itching of the eyelids ( signs of eye disorders ) - swelling and pain in one part of the body ( signs of clotting within a vein ) - abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting of blood , black or bloody stools , constipation , heartburn , stomach acid reflux , swollen abdomen ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ) - severe upper ( middle or left ) abdominal pain ( sign of pancreatitis ) - yellow skin and eyes , nausea , loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine ( signs of liver disorders ) - painful red lumps , skin pain , skin reddening , peeling or blisters ( signs of skin disorders ) - pain in joints and muscles ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) - excessive thirst , high urine output , increased appetite with weight loss , tiredness ( signs of high level of sugar in the blood ) - fast heartbeat , bulging eyes , weight loss , swelling at the front of the neck ( signs of overactive thyroid gland ) - weight gain , tiredness , hair loss , muscle weakness , feeling cold ( signs of underactive thyroid gland ) - severe headache often accompanied by nausea , vomiting and sensitivity to light ( signs of migraine ) - dizziness or spinning sensation ( signs of vertigo ) - nausea , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , tiredness and / or joint discomfort associated with abnormal results of blood tests ( such as high levels of potassium , uric acid and phosphorous and low levels of calcium ) - pain , discomfort , weakness or cramping in the leg muscles , which may be due to decreased blood flow , ulcers on the legs or arms that heal slowly or not at all and noticeable changes in colour ( blueness or paleness ) or temperature ( coolness ) of the legs or arms , as these symptoms could be signs of artery blockage in the affected limb ( leg or arm ) and digits ( toes or fingers ) - recurrence ( reactivation ) of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). some side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - headache - tiredness , lack of energy - muscle pain - itching , rash - nausea - abdominal pain - constipation - vomiting - hair loss - musculoskeletal pain , muscle pain , pain in extremity , pain in joints , bone pain and spinal pain upon discontinuing treatment with tasigna - slowing of growth in children and adolescents 97 some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infections - stomach discomfort after meals , flatulence , swelling or bloating of the abdomen - bone pain , pain in joints , muscle spasms , muscle weakness - pain including back pain , neck pain and pain in extremity , pain or discomfort in the side of the body - dry skin , acne , wart , decreased skin sensitivity , hives - loss of appetite , disturbed sense of taste , weight decrease or increase - insomnia , depression , anxiety - night sweats , excessive sweating - generally feeling unwell - voice disorder - nose bleed - frequent urine output some side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased skin sensitivity - dry mouth , sore throat , mouth sores - breast pain - painful and swollen joints ( gout ) - increased appetite - attention disorder - inability to achieve or maintain an erection - breast enlargement in men - flu - like symptoms - pneumonia , bronchitis - urinary tract infection - herpes virus infection - oral or vaginal thrush - muscle and joint stiffness , joint swelling - feeling body temperature change ( including feeling hot , feeling cold ) - sensitive teeth the following other side effects have been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - allergy ( hypersensitivity to tasigna ) - memory loss , disturbed mood - skin cyst , thinning or thickening of the skin , thickening of the outermost layer of the skin , skin discolouration , fungal infection of the feet - thickened patches of red / silver skin ( signs of psoriasis ) - bleeding , tender or enlarged gums - oral warts - reddening and / or swelling and possibly peeling on the palms and soles ( so called hand - foot syndrome ) - increased sensitivity of the skin to light - difficulty hearing , ear pain , noises ( ringing ) in the ears - joint inflammation - urinary incontinence - enterocolitis ( inflammation of the bowel ) - haemorrhoids , anal abscess - feeling of hardening in the breasts , heavy periods , nipple swelling - symptoms of restless legs syndrome ( an irresistable urge to move a part of the body , usually the leg , accompanied by uncomfortable sensations ) 98 during tasigna treatment , you may also have some abnormal blood test results such as : - low level of blood cells ( white cells , red cells , platelets ) or haemoglobin - increase in the number of platelets or white cells , or specific types of white cells ( eosinophils ) in the blood - high blood level of lipase or amylase ( pancreas function ) - high blood level of bilirubin or liver enzymes ( liver function ) - high blood level of creatinine or urea ( kidney function ) - low or high blood level of insulin ( a hormone regulating blood sugar level ) - low or high level of sugar , or high level of fats ( including cholesterol ) in the blood - high blood level of parathyroid hormone ( a hormone regulating calcium and phosphorus level ) - change in blood proteins ( low level of globulins or presence of paraprotein ) - high blood levels of enzymes ( alkaline phosphatase , lactate dehydrogenase or creatine phosphokinase ) - high blood level of potassium , calcium , phosphorus or uric acid - low blood level of magnesium , potassium , sodium , calcium , or phosphorus reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the undesirable effects due to quadramet administration are linked with a decrease of red and white blood cells , and platelets . cases of bleeding have been reported , some of which have been serious . this is the reason why your blood counts will be monitored strictly for a few weeks following quadramet injection . you may exceptionally feel a slight increase in bone pain a few days after quadramet injection . you should not be alarmed at this ; in such case , your pain medicine will be slightly increased . this effect is moderate and brief and will disappear after some hours . adverse drug reactions such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and sweating were reported . hypersensitivity reactions including rare cases of anaphylactic reaction have been reported after quadramet administration . in rare cases , the following undesirable effects have been observed : neuralgia , coagulation disorders , cerebrovascular accidents . these effects were deemed to be related to the progression of the disease . if you experience back pain or sensory abnormalities , please inform your physician as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking glustin in combination with insulin . symptoms are unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of 65 , seek medical advice straight away . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking glustin . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking glustin in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking glustin and have also been reported in male patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) taking glustin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye has also been reported in patients taking glustin ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) in patients taking glustin . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking glustin are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - weight gain - numbness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes - allergic reactions the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when glustin is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - impotence - back pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in red blood cell count - flatulence 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in enzymes - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - sweating - tiredness - increased appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if side effects occur , they may need medical attention . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : bleeding from anywhere in the body . bleeding is a common side effect of treatment with kengrexal ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). bleeding can be serious , and fatal outcomes have been reported . allergic reaction ( a rash , itching , throat tightening / swelling , swelling of the tongue or lips , difficulty breathing ). allergic reaction is a rare side effect of treatment with kengrexal ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but may be potentially serious . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people minor bruising can occur anywhere in the body ( including small red bruises on the skin or at the site of an injection under the skin causing swelling ), dyspnoea ( shortness of breath ), bleeding leading to decreases in blood volume or red blood cell numbers , fluid discharge from injection or catheter sites . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people bleeding leading to fluid around the heart , blood in the chest cavity or bleeding from the nose , gastrointestinal tract , in the abdomen , or in the urine or from injection or catheter sites , increased levels of creatinine in the blood ( identified by blood tests ), indicating reduced kidney function , variations in blood pressure , rash , pruritus , urticaria , vessel puncture site haematoma . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people bleeding leading to low platelet count or anaemia , bleeding in the eye , brain ( including stroke ), pelvis and lung , bleeding from the site of wounds , balloon - like swelling in an artery or wall of the heart , which involves only a few layers of the vessel walls , severe allergic reactions , reduced clotting of the blood , bruising , swollen face . very rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people bleeding under the skin or around the eye , infection of bleeding sites , heavy menstrual bleeding , bleeding from the penis , ear or pre - existing skin tumours . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you have signs and symptoms of any of the following serious side effects : infusion related reaction ( see section 2 ); signs and symptoms include fever and chills or breathing problems during or shortly after the besponsa infusion . venoocclusive liver disease ( see section 2 ); signs and symptoms include rapid weight gain , pain in the upper right side of your abdomen , increase in the size of the liver , accumulation of fluid causing abdominal swelling , and increases in bilirubin and / or liver enzymes ( that may result in yellowing of the skin or eyes ). low number of blood cells known as neutrophils , ( sometimes accompanied with fever ), red blood cells , white blood cells , lymphocytes , or low number of blood components known as platelets ( see section 2 ); signs and symptoms include developing an infection or fever or bruising easily or getting nose bleeds on a regular basis . tumour lysis syndrome ( see section 2 ); this may be associated with a variety of symptoms in the stomach and intestines ( for example , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea ), heart ( for example , changes in the rhythm ), kidney ( for example , decreased urine , blood in urine ), and nerves and muscles ( for example , muscular spasms , weakness , cramps ). qt interval prolongation ( see section 2 ); signs and symptoms include a change in electrical activity of the heart that can cause serious irregular heart rhythms . tell your doctor if you have symptoms , such as dizziness , lightheadedness or fainting . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections reduced number of white blood cells which may result in general weakness and a tendency to develop infections 37 reduced number of lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cells ) which may result in a tendency to develop infections reduced number of red blood cells which may result in fatigue and shortness of breath decreased appetite headache bleeding pain in the abdomen vomiting diarrhoea nausea mouth inflammation constipation raised bilirubin level which may result in a yellowish colour in the skin , eyes , and other tissues fever chills fatigue high levels of liver enzymes ( which can be indicators of liver injury ) in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of various types of blood cells excess of uric acid in the blood excessive accumulation of fluid in the abdomen swelling of the abdomen changes in heart rhythm ( may show on electrocardiogram ) abnormally high levels of amylase ( an enzyme needed for digestion and conversion of starch into sugars ) in the blood abnormally high levels of lipase ( an enzyme needed to process dietary fat ) in the blood hypersensitivity reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function tests , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): tiredness , fungal infections , confusion , hallucinations , vomiting , abnormal gait , heart failure and venous blood clotting ( thrombosis / thromboembolism ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ): seizures not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) and psychotic reactions alzheimer ' s disease has been associated with depression , suicidal ideation and suicide . these events have been reported in patients treated with memantine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) dizziness stomach pain joint pain ( arthralgia ) rash itchiness feeling bloated wind ( flatulence ) feeling tired uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) hives ( urticaria ) tests may also show : increased level of a liver enzyme ( alt ) in the blood if any of these side effects get serious tell your doctor . during hbv therapy there may be an increase in weight , fasting levels of blood lipids and / or glucose . your doctor will test for these changes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effect may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - nasopharyngitis ( cold ) - cough common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea ( mild to moderate that usually does not require discontinuation of treatment ) - back pain unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - bronchitis - changes in blood test results : low level of white blood cells , or low level of red blood cells , or low level of platelets - increased cholesterol or fat in the blood shown in tests - fits , feeling confused , seeing or hearing things that are not real ( hallucinations ), feeling excited , movements that you cannot control , a tendency to wonder away , feeling dizzy , headache , feeling restless , dazed and unable to act or think normally - nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , indigestion - high levels of some liver enzymes in the body which mean you have liver problems shown in tests , high levels of " bilirubin " this can make your skin and the whites of your eyes look yellow , hepatitis - rash , itching - pain in extremity - high levels of nitrogen in the blood - shown in tests change in urine colour - generally feeling unwell reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system in appendix v . by reporting side effecs you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have any of the following symptoms during your treatment with numient , contact your doctor immediately : - bleeding in your stomach or intestines which may be seen as blood in your faeces or darkened faeces - an allergic reaction , the signs of which may include hives ( nettle rash ), itching , rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing - your muscles get very rigid or jerk violently , you get tremors , agitation , confusion , fever , rapid pulse , or wide fluctuations in your blood pressure . these can be symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms , a rare severe reaction to medicines used to treat disorders of the central nervous system ) or rhabdomyolisis ( a rare severe muscle disorder ) 36 other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick to your stomach ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in weight - seeing or hearing things that are not real , depression , anxiety , somnolence ( excessive drowsiness ), difficulty falling and / or staying asleep , abnormal dreams , confusion , impaired memory and thinking skills - twisting and repetitive movements or abnormal posture caused by involuntary muscle contraction ( dystonia ), abnormal involuntary movements ( dyskinesia ), on and off phenomenon ( the time when your medicine is working and then it begins to no longer work to control your symptoms ), worsening of parkinsons ' s disease , abnormal walking , dizziness , excessive drowsiness , prickling or tingling feeling in your arms and / or legs , tremor , headache - irregular heart rhythm - high blood pressure , abnormally low blood pressure when you stand up - shortness of breath - abdominal pain , constipation , diarrhoea , dry mouth , vomiting - hot flushes , excessive sweating , rash - muscle spasms - falls - swelling of the arms and / or legs - chest pain not due to heart disease - loss of strength , fatigue uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ) - anaemia ( low red blood cell counts ) - decreased appetite , increased weight - psychotic episode , agitation - impulse control disorder ( see below ) - sudden sleep onset episodes , restless legs syndrome ( unpleasant sensations in the legs with an urge to move them ), difficulty opening the mouth , convulsions - double vision , dilated pupils , blurred vision - pounding heartbeat - fainting , blood clot or inflammation in a blood vessel - bleeding in the stomach or intestines , peptic ulcer disease , difficulty swallowing , indigestion , unusual taste in the mouth , burning feeling of the tongue , excessive wind or gas ( flatulence ) - an allergic reaction , which may include hives ( nettle rash ), itching , rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , itching - inability to urinate - general feeling of illness ( malaise ) - increased levels of sugar , uric acid and / or liver enzymes in the blood - abnormal kidney function tests and / or blood in the urine you may also experience the following side effects : - inability to resist the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ) tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; they will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . the following side effects have also been reported but the chance that they will occur is unknown : - low blood cell counts ( white blood cells , platelets ) - drug abuse of certain medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease - suicide attempt , feeling disoriented , increased sexual feelings - severe prolonged abnormal eye movements , horner ' s syndrome ( drooping eyelid , small pupil and decreased sweating on one side of the face ), eyelid twitching - abnormal breathing pattern - excessive or dark - coloured saliva , grinding of the teeth , hiccups - hair loss , rash ( including a severe rash called henoch - schönlein purpura ), dark - coloured sweat reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild or moderate . they usually occur within the first two weeks of the treatment and are usually temporary . these side effects include : - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) : headache - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness ( somnolence ), difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , tiredness , anxiety , abnormal dreams , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood , vomiting , weight increased . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): migraine , pins and needles in the fingers and toes ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , restless legs syndrome ( a disorder that is characterized by an uncontrollable urge to move the legs ), ringing in the ears , excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ), eczema , pruritus , urticaria ( hives ), agitation , irritability , restlessness , aggressive behaviour , nightmares , mania / hypomania ( see also under " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ), suicidal thoughts or behaviour , confusion , weight decreased , muscle pain . - rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious skin eruption ( erythematous rash ), face oedema ( swelling ) and angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), hepatitis , yellow coloration of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), hepatic failure *, hallucinations , inability to remain still ( due to physical and mental unrest ), inability to completely empty the bladder . * few cases resulting in liver transplantation or death have been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : - unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; - a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; seizures , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ); muscle stiffness or spasms ( including eye movements ); restless legs syndrome ; problems with speech ; stuttering ; slow heart rate ; sensitivity to sunlight ; bleeding from the nose ; abdominal distension ; drooling ; memory loss or forgetfulness ; urinary incontinence ; lack of ability to urinate ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection . very rare side effects include serious allergic reactions such as drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). while taking olanzapine , elderly patients with dementia may suffer from stroke , pneumonia , urinary incontinence , falls , extreme tiredness , visual hallucinations , a rise in body temperature , redness of the skin and have trouble walking . some fatal cases have been reported in this particular group of patients . in patients with parkinson ' s disease olanzapine teva may worsen the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability . disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal . blurred vision , double vision . vertigo , problems with balance , fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen . difficulties with erection . swelling of the body including extremities . feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking . weight gain . muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , pain in limb . sore throat . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar . change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , dizziness on standing , sensitive skin , loss of taste , burning sensation , tremor on movement , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , fainting , increased sensitivity to noise , feeling unwell . dry eyes , eye swelling , eye pain , weak eyes , watery eyes , eye irritation . heart rhythm disturbances , increased heart rate , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart beat , heart failure . flushing , hot flushes . difficulty breathing , dry nose , nasal congestion . increased saliva production , heartburn , numb around mouth . sweating , rash , chills , fever . muscle twitching , joint swelling , muscle stiffness , pain including muscle pain , neck pain . breast pain . difficulty with or painful urination , incontinence . weakness , thirst , chest tightness . changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine amino transferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropaenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ). hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . increased fluid in the abdomen . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ). jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the following adverse reaction has been reported in the postmarketing experience : trouble breathing , shallow breaths . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . as for any combination containing three active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . the side effects reported with exforge hct or one of its three active substances ( amlodipine , valsartan and hydrochlorothiazide ) are listed below and may occur with the use of exforge hct . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . consult a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects after taking this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness low blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , light - headedness , sudden loss of consciousness ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severely decreased urine output ( decreased kidney function ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): spontaneous bleeding irregular heart beat liver disorder very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sudden wheeziness , chest pain , shortness of breath or difficulty breathing swelling of eyelids , face or lips swelling of the tongue and throat which causes great difficulty breathing severe skin reactions including intense skin rash , hives , reddening of the skin over your whole body , severe itching , blistering , peeling and swelling of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other allergic reactions heart attack inflamed pancreas , which may cause severe abdominal and back pain accompanied with feeling of being very unwell weakness , bruising , fever and frequent infections stiffness other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of potassium in the blood increase of lipids in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): sleepiness palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) flushing ankle swelling ( oedema ) abdominal pain stomach discomfort after meal tiredness headache frequent urination high level of uric acid in the blood low level of magnesium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood 81 dizziness , fainting on standing up reduced appetite nausea and vomiting itchy rash and other types of rash inability to achieve or maintain erection uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fast heart beat spinning sensation vision disorder stomach discomfort chest pain increase of urea nitrogen , creatinine and uric acid in the blood high level of calcium , fat or sodium in the blood decrease of potassium in the blood breath odour diarrhoea dry mouth weight increase loss of appetite disturbed sense of taste back pain joint swelling muscle cramps / weakness / pain pain in extremity inability to either stand or walk in a normal manner weakness abnormal coordination dizziness on standing up or after exercising lack of energy sleep disturbances tingling or numbness neuropathy sudden , temporary loss of consciousness low blood pressure on standing up cough breathlessness throat irritation excessive sweating itching swelling , reddening and pain along a vein skin reddening trembling mood changes anxiety depression sleeplessness taste abnormalities fainting loss of pain sensation visual disturbances visual impairment ringing in the ears sneezing / runny nose caused by inflammation of the lining of the nose ( rhinitis ) 82 altered bowel habits indigestion hair loss itchy skin skin discolouration disorder in passing urine increased need to urinate at night increased number of times of passing urine discomfort or enlargement of the breasts in men pain feeling unwell weight decrease rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low level of blood platelets ( sometimes with bleeding or bruising underneath the skin ) sugar in the urine high level of sugar in the blood worsening of the diabetic metabolic state abdominal discomfort constipation liver disorders which can occur together with yellow skin and eyes , or dark - coloured urine ( haemolytic anaemia ) increased sensitivity of skin to sun purple skin patches kidney disorders confusion very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells decrease in blood platelets which may result in unusual brusing or easy bleeding ( red blood cell damage ) swelling of the gums abdominal bloating ( gastritis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) liver enzyme increase which may have an effect on some medical tests increased muscle tension inflammation of blood vessels often with skin rash sensitivity to light disorders combining rigidity , tremor and / or movement disorders fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers , more frequent infections ( lack or low level of white blood cells ) pale skin , tiredness , breathlessness , dark - coloured urine ( haemolytic anaemia , abnormal breakdown of red blood cells either in the blood vessels or elsewhere in the body ) confusion , tiredness , muscle twitching and spasm , rapid breathing ( hypochloraemic alkalosis ) severe upper stomach ache ( inflammation of the pancreas ) difficulty breathing with fever , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness ( respiratory distress , pulmonary oedema , pneumonitis ) facial rash , joint pain , muscle disorder , fever ( lupus erythematosus ) inflammation of blood vessels with symptoms such as rash , purplish - red spots , fever ( vasculitis ) severe skin disease that causes rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) 83 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): changes in blood tests for kidney function , increase of potassium in your blood , low level of red blood cells abnormal red blood cell test low level of a certain type of white blood cell and blood platelet increase of creatinine in the blood abnormal liver function test severely decreased urine output inflammation of blood vessels weakness , bruising and frequent infections ( aplastic anaemia ) decrease in vision or pain in your eyes due to high pressure ( possible signs of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the eye ( choroidal effusion ) or acute angle - closure glaucoma ) breathlessness severely decreased urine output ( possible signs of renal disorder or renal failure ) severe skin disease that causes rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( erythema multiforme ) muscle spasm fever ( pyrexia ) blistering skin ( sign of a condition called dermatitis bullous ) skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea 104 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety sweating headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) liver disorders ( yellow skin , yellowing of the whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite ) aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat 105 patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and muscle weakness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) uneven heartbeat and poor control of movements other side effects seen with exelon transdermal patches and which may occur with the hard capsules : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever severe confusion urinary incontinence ( inability to retain adequate urine ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hyperactivity ( high level of activity , restlessness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction where the patch was used , such as blisters or skin inflammation if you get any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
"). - if you have sickle cell disease ( an inherited disease characterised by sickle - shaped red blood cells ). - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . it could be a consequence of a spleen disorder ( see section " 4 . possible side effects "). - if you have specific blood disorders ( e . g . kostman ' s syndrome , myelodysplastic syndrome , different types of leukaemia ). - if you have osteoporosis . your doctor might check your bone density regularly . - if you are suffering from any other illness , especially if you think you have an infection . talk to your doctor or nurse that you are treated with biograstim if you are undergoing bone - imaging . you will need to have regular blood tests whilst being treated with biograstim to count the number of neutrophils and other white blood cells in your blood . this will tell your doctor how well the treatment is working and will also indicate if treatment needs to be continued . other medicines and biograstim tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . do not use biograstim in the 24 hours before or the 24 hours after your chemotherapy . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . biograstim has not been tested in pregnant women . therefore , your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine . it is unknown whether filgrastim passes over to the breast milk . therefore , your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines if you experience fatigue , do not drive or use any tools or machines . biograstim contains sorbitol and sodium if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before using this medicine . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per pre - filled syringe , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '. 3 . how to use biograstim always use this medicine exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . the recommended dose is ... the amount of biograstim you need , will depend on the condition you are taking biograstim for and on your bodyweight . your doctor will tell you when to stop using biograstim . it is quite normal to have a number of courses of biograstim treatment . biograstim and chemotherapy the usual dose is 0 . 5 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram of bodyweight each day . for example , if you weigh 60 kg your daily dose will be 30 million international units ( miu ). you will 59 normally receive your first dose of biograstim at least 24 hours after your chemotherapy . your treatment will usually last for about 14 days . in some disease types however , longer treatment lasting up to about one month may be required . biograstim and bone marrow transplantation the usual starting dose is 1 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram of bodyweight each day . for example , if you weigh 60 kg your daily dose will be 60 million international units ( miu ). you will normally receive your first dose of biograstim at least 24 hours after your chemotherapy but within 24 hours of receiving your bone marrow transfusion . your doctor will test your blood daily to see how well the treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . the treatment will be discontinued when white cells in your blood reach a certain number . biograstim and severe chronic neutropenia the usual starting dose is between 0 . 5 million and 1 . 2 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram bodyweight each day in a single or divided dose . your doctor will then test your blood to see how well your treatment is working and to find the dose that is best for you . long - term treatment with biograstim is required for neutropenia . biograstim and neutropenia in patients with hiv infection the usual starting dose is between 0 . 1 and 0 . 4 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . your doctor will test your blood at regular intervals to see how well the treatment is working . once the number of white cells in your blood have returned to normal it may be possible to reduce the dose frequency to less than once per day . your doctor will continue to test your blood regularly and will recommend the best dose for you . long - term treatment with biograstim may be required to maintain a normal number of white cells in your blood . biograstim and peripheral blood stem cell mobilisation if you are donating stem cells for yourself , the usual dose is 0 . 5 million to 1 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . biograstim treatment will last for up to 2 weeks and in exceptional cases longer . your doctor will monitor your blood to determine the best time to collect the stem cells . if you are acting as a stem cell donor for another person , the usual dose is 1 million international units ( miu ) per kilogram bodyweight each day . biograstim treatment will last for 4 to 5 days . method of administration this medicine is given by injection , either through an intravenous ( iv ) infusion ( drip ) or a subcutaneous ( sc ) injection ( into the tissue just under the skin ). if you are receiving this medicine by subcutaneous injection , your doctor may suggest that you learn how to give yourself the injections . your doctor or nurse will give you instructions on how to do this . do not attempt to self - administer without this training . some of the information you require is given at the end of this package leaflet , but proper treatment of your disease requires close and constant co - operation with your doctor . if you use more biograstim than you should if you use more biograstim than you should , contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you forget to use biograstim do not use a double dose to make up for a forgotten injection . if you stop using biograstim before you stop using biograstim , talk to your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . 4 . possible side effects 60 like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . important side effects - allergic reactions such as skin rash , raised itchy areas of skin and serious allergic reactions with weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing and swelling of the face have been reported . if you think you are having this type of reaction , you must stop your biograstim injection and get medical help immediately . - increased spleen size and cases of spleen ruptures have been reported . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - cough , fever and difficult or painful breathing can be signs of serious pulmonary side effects , such as pneumonia and acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be fatal . if you have a fever or any of these symptoms , it is important to contact your doctor immediately . - it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have sickle cell disease , make sure that you tell your doctor before you start taking biograstim . sickle cell crisis has happened in some patients with sickle cell disease who have been given filgrastim . - as a very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effect , filgrastim may cause bone and muscle pain . ask your doctor which medicine you can take to help with this . you may experience the following additional side effects : in cancer patients very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - elevated levels of some liver or blood enzymes ; high blood levels of uric acid ; - feeling sick ; vomiting ; - chest pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache ; - cough ; sore throat ; - constipation ; loss of appetite ; diarrhoea ; mucositis , which is painful inflammation and ulceration of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract ; - hair loss ; rash ; - fatigue ; generalised weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - unspecified pain . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): 61 - vascular disorders , which can cause pain , redness and swelling in the limbs . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - painful , raised , plum - coloured sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever ( sweet ' s syndrome ); inflammation of blood vessels , often with skin rash ; - worsening of rheumatic conditions ; - pains or difficulties in passing urine . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - rejection of transplanted bone marrow ; - transient low blood pressure ; - pain and swelling of the joints , similar to gout . in normal stem cell donors very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - rise in white blood cells ; reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; - headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - elevated levels of some blood enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - elevated levels of some liver enzymes ; high blood levels of uric acid ; - worsening of rheumatic conditions . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - cough ; fever and difficulty breathing or coughing up blood . in severe chronic neutropenia patients very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in red blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness ; - low blood levels of glucose ; elevated levels of some blood enzymes ; high blood levels of uric acid ; - nosebleed . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; - headache ; - diarrhoea ; - enlargement of the liver ; - hair loss ; inflammation of blood vessels , often with skin rash ; pain at the site of injection ; rash ; - loss of calcium from the bones ; joint pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - blood in the urine ; protein in the urine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 62 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : severe allergic reactions may very rarely occur ( with up to 1 in 10 , 000 doses of the vaccine ). these can be recognised by : - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing - collapse these reactions will usually occur before leaving the doctor ' s surgery . however , if your child gets any of these symptoms you should contact a doctor urgently . very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given high temperature of 38 or higher ( fever ) feeling sleepy feeling irritable loss of appetite common ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) hardness where the injection is given uncommon ( these may occur with up to 1 in 100 doses of the vaccine ) itching , blood clot , bleeding or a small lump where the injection is given 46 nausea , diarrhoea or feeling sick ( vomiting ) unusual crying temporarily stopping breathing ( apnoea ) if your child is born prematurely ( before or at 28 weeks of pregnancy ) headache skin rash diffuse swelling of the injected limb , sometimes involving the adjacent joint hives rare ( these may occur with up to 1 in 1 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) fits without temperature or due to high temperature ( fever ) allergic reactions such as skin allergies collapse ( sudden onset of muscle floppiness ), periods of unconsciousness or lack of awareness , and paleness or bluish skin discoloration very rare ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) kawasaki disease ( major signs of the illness are for instance : fever , skin rash , swollen lymph glands , inflammation and rash of the mucous membranes of the mouth and throat ) booster doses of synflorix may increase the risk of side effects . for children > 12 months of age , the risk of pain at the injection site may increase with increasing age . in babies born very prematurely ( at or before 28 weeks of gestation ) longer gaps than normal between breaths may occur for 2 - 3 days after vaccination . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious chest tightness with difficulty in breathing ( rare , affecting up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including hives and itching ( very rare , affecting up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). if you experience any of these , stop using vantobra and tell your doctor straight away . people with cystic fibrosis have many symptoms of the disease . these may still occur while using vantobra , but should not be as frequent or worse than before . if your underlying lung disease seems to become worse while you are using vantobra , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath voice alteration ( hoarseness ) increased cough sore throat rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) laryngitis ( inflammation of the voice box that can cause voice alteration , sore throat and difficulty swallowing ) loss of voice headache , weakness nosebleed , runny nose ringing in the ears ( normally transient ), hearing loss , dizziness coughing up blood , producing more sputum than normally , chest discomfort , asthma , fever taste disturbances , feeling sick ( nausea ), mouth ulcers , being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite rash chest pain or general pain worsening of lung function test results very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fungal infections of the mouth or throat , such as thrush swelling of lymph glands sleepiness ear pain , ear problems hyperventilating , low oxygen levels in your blood , sinusitis diarrhoea , pain in and around the stomach red pustules , papules on the skin nettle rush , itching back pain generally feeling unwell reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects can occur with the following frequencies : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) lower number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) increased levels of uric acid in blood , gout pain in shoulders , legs , or arms blood test results indicating liver abnormalities 28 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased haemoglobin ( a protein in red blood cells that carries oxygen ) raised creatinine and blood urea nitrogen ( laboratory tests of kidney function ) decreased glomerular filtration rate ( a measure of how well your kidneys are working ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain nausea and headaches common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection general aches and pains in the joints and muscles some changes may occur in your blood , but these will be detected by routine blood tests . your white blood cell count may become high for a short period of time . your platelet count may become low which might result in bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including redness and flushing , skin rash , and raised areas of the skin that itch . serious allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ). increased spleen size spleen rupture . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor . sweet ' s syndrome - plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever has occurred but other factors may play a role . inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) damage to the tiny filters inside your kidneys ( glomerulonephritis ) redness at the site of injection coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using udenyca if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stomach ( abdominal ) ache and increased liver enzymes in the blood . possible signs of liver problems increased liver enzymes in the blood are common in patients with cf . these may be signs of liver problems : pain or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area yellowing of the skin or white part of the eyes loss of appetite nausea or vomiting dark urine tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection ( the common cold ), including sore throat and nasal congestion headache dizziness diarrhoea stomach or abdominal pain changes in the type of bacteria in mucus increased liver enzymes ( signs of stress on the liver ) rash common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) runny nose ear pain , ear discomfort ringing in the ears redness inside the ear inner ear disorder ( feeling dizzy or spinning ) sinus problems ( sinus congestion ) redness in the throat breast mass feeling sick ( nausea ) flu low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) abnormal breathing ( shortness of breath or difficulty breathing ) wind ( flatulence ) spots ( acne ) itchy skin increased creatine phosphokinase ( sign of muscle breakdown ) seen in blood tests uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ear congestion breast inflammation enlargement of the breast in males nipple changes or pain wheezing increased blood pressure 91 additional side effects in children and adolescents side effects seen in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . however , increased liver enzymes in the blood are more frequently seen in young children . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking ledaga and tell your doctor immediately if you experience allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). these reactions may include some or all of the following symptoms : - swelling of the lips , face , throat or tongue 24 - rash - difficulty breathing other side effects may include tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects listed below . very common side effects on the treatment area ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - skin inflammation - infections of the skin - itching ( pruritus ) common side effects on the treatment area ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - skin ulcers - blisters - darkening of the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with iscover is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): 39 jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with chest or abdominal pain , persistent low blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; seizures , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ); muscle stiffness or spasms ( including eye movements ); restless legs syndrome ; problems with speech ; stuttering ; slow heart rate ; sensitivity to sunlight ; bleeding from the nose ; abdominal distension ; memory loss or forgetfulness ; urinary incontinence ; lack of ability to urinate ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection . very rare side effects include serious allergic reactions such as drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). while taking olanzapine , elderly patients with dementia may suffer from stroke , pneumonia , urinary incontinence , falls , extreme tiredness , visual hallucinations , a rise in body temperature , redness of the skin and have trouble walking . some fatal cases have been reported in this particular group of patients . in patients with parkinson ' s disease olanzapine mylan may worsen the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , posaconazole sp can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( occurring in at least 1 in 100 patients ) are : headache , dizziness , numbness or tingling sleepiness nausea ( feeling or being sick ), loss of appetite , stomach pain , diarrhoea , upset stomach , vomiting , wind , dry mouth abnormal liver function tests rash weakness , tiredness a decrease in white blood cells ( that can increase the risk of infections ) fever abnormal levels of salts in the blood . uncommon side effects ( occurring in at least 1 in 1 , 000 patients ) are : anaemia , low numbers of cells called platelets that help the blood to clot , low numbers of some types of white blood cells , enlargement of lymph glands allergic reaction high blood levels of glucose disturbances in feeling or moving , tremor , fits heart rhythm problems including very fast heartbeat ( palpitations ), abnormal findings on heart tests ( like ecgs that show heart rhythm ) high or low blood pressure inflammation of the pancreas inflammation of liver , liver damage , jaundice ( yellow colour of the skin or the eyes ) problems with kidney function , failure of the kidneys menstrual disorder blurred vision hair loss , itching mouth ulcers 30 shivering , generally feeling unwell or weak scattered body pain , including in muscles and joints , back pain fluid retention , altered medicine levels . rare side effects ( occurring in at least 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) are : pneumonia and other lung damage low numbers of all blood cells , blood clotting disorder , bleeding severe allergic reactions , including widespread blistering rash and skin peeling poor functioning of the adrenal gland altered brain function , fainting sudden behaviour changes , problems with thinking or speech pain , weakness , numbness , or tingling in the arm or leg depression double vision , a blind or dark spot in the visual field hearing problems heart failure or heart attack , heart rhythm disorders stroke , blood clots in brain , limbs or lungs bleeding into the gut inflammation or failure of the liver , rarely leading to death enlargement of both the liver and spleen , liver tenderness blistering rash , large purple discolourations on the skin caused by bleeding underneath the skin inflammation of the kidneys breast pain swelling of the face or tongue . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , celvapan can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur following vaccination , in rare cases leading to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . side effects from clinical studies in adults and older people the side effects listed below have occurred with celvapan ( h1n1 ) v in clinical studies in adults , including older people . in the clinical studies , most side effects were mild in nature and short term . very common : headache feeling tired common : runny nose and sore throat insomnia ( difficulty sleeping ) dizziness eye irritation stomach pain increased sweating rash , hives joint and muscle pain fever , shivering , generally feeling unwell pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , reduced movement in the arm injected side effects from clinical studies in children children and adolescents 6 months to 17 years of age in a clinical study the frequency and type of side effects after the first and second injection were basically similar to that seen in the adult and older population using celvapan . however , some differences in frequency and type of side effects were observed . specifically , headache , vertigo ( spinning feeling ), cough , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the arms or legs and tiredness were observed commonly in children and adolescents . additionally , in the case of the 9 to 17 year olds pain at the injection site was very common . in children aged 6 to 35 months disturbed sleep and fever were very common , and decreased appetite , restlessness , irritability , crying and drowsiness were common . side effects from the pandemic observational study with celvapan ( h1n1 ) v results from a clinical study done on marketed vaccine confirmed the safety profile as observed in the clinical studies . the following adverse reactions were reported at a higher frequency category than in the other clinical studies : adults aged 18 years and older : very common : pain and redness where the injection was given , aching muscles uncommon : influenza like illness 28 children and adolescents aged 5 to 17 years : very common : feeling tired , headache uncommon : cough children aged 6 months to 5 years : very common : redness where the injection was given , drowsiness , irritability , loss of appetite , crying clinical trials with a similar vaccine in a study with a similar influenza vaccine ( containing a h5n1 vaccine strain ) that included healthy adults and older people , subjects with a weakened immune system and patients with long - term conditions , the safety profile was similar to that in healthy adults . side effects observed during post - marketing surveillance the side effects listed below have occurred with celvapan ( h1n1 ) v in adults and children during the pandemic flu vaccination program . - allergic reactions , including anaphylactic reactions leading to a dangerous decrease in blood pressure which , if untreated , may lead to shock . your doctors know that this might happen and will have emergency treatment ready to use . - fits due to fever - reduced skin sensitivity - pain in arms and or legs ( in the majority of cases reported as pain in the vaccination arm ) - flu - like illness - swelling of tissue just below the skin . side effects observed with flu vaccines given routinely every year the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . they may also happen with celvapan . uncommon : generalized skin reactions including urticaria ( hives ) rare : severe stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood platelet count which can result in bleeding or bruising very rare : vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels which can cause skin rashes , joint pain and kidney problems ) neurological disorders such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), neuritis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or nurse immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any of the side effects talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects associated with the administration of lucentis are either due to the medicine itself or the injection procedure and mostly affect the eye . the most serious side effects are described below : common serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): detachment or tear of the layer in the back of the eye ( retinal detachment or tear ), resulting in flashes of light with floaters progressing to a temporary loss of sight , or a clouding of the lens ( cataract ). uncommon serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blindness , infection of the eyeball ( endophthalmitis ) with inflammation of the inside of the eye . the symptoms you might experience are pain or increased discomfort in your eye , worsening eye redness , blurred or decreased vision , an increased number of small particles in your vision or increased sensitivity to light . please tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these side effects . the most frequently reported side effects are described below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) visual side effects include : inflammation of the eye , bleeding in the back of the eye ( retinal bleeding ), visual disturbances , eye pain , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), bloodshot eye , eye irritation , a feeling of having something in the eye , increased tear production , inflammation or infection of the eyelid margins , dry eye , redness or itching of the eye and increased eye pressure . non - visual side effects include : sore throat , nasal congestion , runny nose , headache and joint pain . other side effects which may occur following lucentis treatment are described below : common side effects visual side effects include : decreased sharpness of vision , swelling of a section of the eye ( uvea , cornea ), inflammation of the cornea ( front part of eye ), small marks on the surface of the eye , blurred vision , bleeding at the site of injection , bleeding in the eye , discharge from the eye with itching , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ), light sensitivity , eye discomfort , swelling of the eyelid , eyelid pain . non - visual side effects include : urinary tract infection , low red blood cells count ( with symptoms such as tiredness , breathlessness , dizziness , pale skin ), anxiety , cough , nausea , allergic reactions like rash , hives , itching and skin reddening . uncommon side effects visual side effects include : inflammation and bleeding in the front part of the eye , sac of pus on the eye , changes of the central part of the eye surface , pain or irritation at the site of injection , abnormal sensation in the eye , irritation of the eyelid . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel acino pharma can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) 24 rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel acino pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel acino pharma '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel acino pharma are : - common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if : - you experience any hypersensitivity or severe allergic reactions when taking arikayce liposomal ( e . g . with low blood pressure , loss of consciousness , severe skin rash or severe wheezing and breathlessness ). the frequency of these side effects is not known . - you experience worsening of your usual lung problems or new problems with your breathing ( e . g . breathlessness or wheezing ). this may be a sign of severe inflammation in the lungs that requires treatment and may mean you should stop taking arikayce liposomal . the frequency of these severe side effects is common to very common . other side effects : tell your doctor or pharmacist if you experience any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty in speaking - difficulty in breathing - cough - coughing up blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infection causing worsening of your lung condition - increase in mucus coughed up from lungs - chesty cough - wheezing - throat irritation - sore throat - loss of voice - thrush ( a fungal infection ) in the mouth - pain in the mouth - change in your sense of taste - lung inflammation - headache - dizziness - feeling unsteady - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 26 - being sick ( vomiting ) - dry mouth - decrease of appetite - itching of the skin - deafness - ringing in your ears - kidney problems including poor kidney function - joint pain - muscle pain - rash - tiredness - discomfort in chest - fever - loss of weight uncommon side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine , which is given with gm - csf , il - 2 and isotretinoin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice the following : any kind of allergic reaction or other reaction at the injection site symptoms may include a skin rash , hives , swelling in the face or throat , dizziness , a rapid heart beat or palpitations , being short of breath and difficulty breathing , fever , feeling sick , aches and pains in your joints . rapid swelling of the arms , legs and other parts of your body , rapid drop in blood pressure , lightheadedness and breathing difficulties ( capillary leak syndrome ). any kind of pain : in the stomach , throat , chest , face , hands , feet , legs or arms ( such as numbness , tingling or burning ) back , neck , joint , bone , muscle , mouth , eye , genitals . these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you notice any of these effects , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other side effects that you may experience with this medicine include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - cough - itching - loss of appetite - diarrhoea , being sick - low blood pressure that may make you feel dizzy or faint or high blood pressure - abnormal blood tests such as low platelets , low red or white blood cells , low level of albumin ( this can cause swelling and make you feel weak and tired ), abnormal liver function , low level of potassium , sodium , calcium , phosphates , or high level of glucose . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - weight loss , weight gain - chills - headache - feeling tired , irritable - constipation , blood in stools - damage to the nerves around the body which may affect movement - blurred vision , being sensitive to light , the pupils of your eyes staying large (' dilated ') - not being able to urinate , blood or protein in your urine 29 - higher risk of getting infections especially from the devices used to give you the medicine , blood or gut infections - skin problems where the injection was given , a red rash with small bumps - abnormal blood tests such as low levels of magnesium , glucose , high level of acids or creatinine . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - unequal pupils - fluid in or around the lungs - kidney failure - over - active thyroid - serum sickness an illness similar to an allergy - abnormal heart rhythm - swelling in the back part of the brain ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ) symptoms may include high blood pressure , headache , fits , change in vision or behaviour , feeling drowsy or tired . - atypical haemolytic uraemic syndrome ( ahus ) an illness that affects the blood system and kidney symptoms may include flu - like symptoms that do not go away , confusion , lethargy , loss of appetite , or dark coloured urine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience a severe allergic ( anaphylactic - type ) reaction , the administration of replagal will be immediately discontinued and an appropriate treatment will have to be initiated by your doctor . most side effects are mild to moderate . about 1 out of 7 patients ( frequency " very common ") may have a reaction during or following an infusion of replagal ( infusion related reaction ). these effects include chills , headache , nausea , fever , facial flushing ( redness ), tiredness , low blood pressure , unsteadiness , sweating , difficulty breathing , itching , shaking , cough and vomiting . however some effects may be serious and may need treatment . infusion related reactions involving the heart including heart rhythm problems , heart muscle ischemia and heart failure , may occur in patients with fabry disease involving the heart structures ( frequency " not known " ( cannot be estimated from the available data )). your doctor may stop the infusion temporarily ( 5 - 10 min ) until the symptoms go away and then begin the infusion again . your doctor may also treat the symptoms with other medicines ( antihistamines or corticosteroids ). most of the time you can still be given replagal even if these symptoms occur . list of other side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - general pain or discomfort . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : - tingling or numbness or pain in fingers or toes , change in the taste of food , eyes tearing , blink reflex abnormal , ears ringing , shakes , prolonged sleep - palpitations , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure - cough , chest pain or tightness , hoarseness , sore or tight throat , sticky throat secretions , runny nose , cold symptoms - vomiting , abdominal pain or discomfort , diarrhoea - acne , red or itchy or mottled skin , rash at the infusion site - back or limb pain , muscle pain , joint pain , muscle and bone discomfort , swelling of the extremities or joints - feeling cold or hot , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick , feeling lack of energy uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : - severe allergic ( anaphylactic - type ) reaction 22 children and adolescents side effects reported in children were , in general , similar to those reported in adults . however , infusion related reactions ( fever , difficulty breathing , chest pain ) and pain aggravated occurred more frequently . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start darunavir . if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , your doctor should check your blood tests more often because you have an increased chance of developing liver problems . talk to your doctor about the signs and symptoms of liver problems . these may include yellowing of your skin or whites of your eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) urine , pale coloured stools ( bowel movements ), nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , or pain , aching , or pain and discomfort on your right side below your ribs . skin rash ( more often when used in combination with raltegravir ), itching . the rash is usually mild to moderate . a skin rash might also be a symptom of a rare severe situation . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether darunavir must be stopped . other severe side effects were diabetes ( common ), and inflammation of the pancreas ( uncommon ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain or distension , dyspepsia , flatulence - headache , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , numbness , tingling or pain in hands or feet , loss of strength , difficulty falling asleep . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain , changes in electrocardiogram , rapid heart beating - decreased or abnormal skin sensitivity , pins and needles , attention disturbance , loss of memory , problems with your balance - difficulty breathing , cough , nosebleed , throat irritation - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , heartburn , retching , dry mouth , discomfort of the abdomen , constipation , belching - kidney failure , kidney stones , difficult discharge of urine , frequent or excessive passage of urine , sometimes at night - urticaria , severe swelling of the skin and other tissues ( most often the lips or the eyes ), eczema , excessive sweating , night sweats , hair loss , acne , scaly skin , colouration of nails - muscle pain , muscle cramps or weakness , pain in extremity , osteoporosis 126 - slowing down of the thyroid gland function . this can be seen in a blood test . - high blood pressure , flushing - red or dry eyes - fever , swelling of lower limbs due to fluids , malaise , irritability , pain - symptoms of infection , herpes simplex - erectile dysfunction , enlargement of breasts - sleeping problems , sleepiness , depression , anxiety , abnormal dreams , decrease in sexual drive rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a reaction called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , fatigue , swelling of the face or lymph glands , increase of eosinophils ( type of white blood cells ), effects on liver , kidney or lung ] - heart attack , slow heart beating , palpitations - visual disturbance - chills , feeling abnormal - a feeling of confusion or disorientation , altered mood , restlessness - fainting , epileptic fits , changes or loss of taste - mouth sores , vomiting blood , inflamation of the lips , dry lips , coated tongue - running nose - skin lesions , dry skin - stiffness of muscles or joints , joint pain with or without inflammation - changes in some values of your blood cells or chemistry . these can be seen in the results of blood and / or urine tests . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in some white blood cells . some side effects are typical for anti - hiv medicines in the same family as darunavir . these are : - muscle pain , tenderness or weakness . on rare occasions , these muscle disorders have been serious . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor / ophthalmologist immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms after injection of jetrea . your doctor / ophthalmologist will monitor you and take corrective measures if needed . - a severe decrease in vision has been reported in up to 1 in 10 patients within one week after jetrea treatment . this is generally reversible and will usually disappear without treatment . - symptoms such as eye pain , worsening eye redness , severely blurred or decreased vision , increased sensitivity to light or increased number of dark floating spots in the field of vision ( floaters ) are also seen in up to 1 in 10 patients and may be the signs of an infection , bleeding , separation or tear of the retina or an increase in the pressure inside the treated eye . - symptoms such as fluctuation of vision , double vision , headache , halos around light , nausea and vomiting have been reported in up to 1 in 100 patients and may be the signs of a displacement or wobbling of the lens in the eye from its normal position . talk to your doctor / ophthalmologist if you develop any of the additional side effects listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 patients ): - dark floating spots in the field of vision ( floaters ) - eye pain - bleeding on the surface of the eye - colour vision changes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 patients ): - decreased vision which may be severe - visual disturbances - decreased vision or blind spots in parts of the field of view - blurred vision - bleeding inside the eye - blind spot or blind area in the centre of the vision - distorted vision - swelling of the surface of the eye - swelling of the eyelid - inflammation of the eye - flashes of light in the eye - eye redness - irritation on the surface of the eye - dry eye - a feeling of having something in the eye - itching of the eye - eye discomfort - sensitivity to light - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 patients ): - transient severe decreased vision - difficulty in seeing well at night or in dim light - disturbance in your eye ' s reaction to the light that may increase your sensitivity to light ( pupillary reflex impaired ) - double vision - accumulation of blood in the front part of the eye - abnormal constriction of the pupil ( black part in the centre of the eye ) - different sized pupils - a scratch or scrape of the cornea ( transparent layer that covers the front of the eye ) some tests and imaging of the back of the eye ( retina ) have been found to be abnormal after jetrea administration . your doctor will be aware of this and will take it into account when monitoring your eye . some effects ( such as flashes , floaters ) can also be perceived from the untreated eye in some cases . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor / ophthalmologist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately or contact the casualty department at your nearest hospital , if you get any of the following serious side effects . stop taking this medicine straight away , but take this leaflet and / or the tablets with you . - serious allergic reactions ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): hypersensitivity reactions , so - called anaphylactic reactions , anaphylactic shock and angioedema . typical symptoms are : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( nettle rash ), severe dizziness with very fast heartbeat and heavy sweating . - serious skin reactions ( frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): rash with swelling , blistering or peeling of the skin , losing skin and bleeding 24 around eyes , nose , mouth or genitals and rapid deterioration of your general health , or rash when exposed to the sun . - other serious reactions ( frequency not known ): yellowing of the skin and eyes ( due to severe liver damage ), or kidney problems such as painful urination and lower back pain with fever . other side effects include : - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache ; dizziness ; diarrhoea ; feeling sick , vomiting ; bloating and flatulence ( wind ); constipation ; dry mouth ; bellyache and discomfort ; skin rash or hives ; itching ; feeling weak , exhausted or generally unwell ; sleep disorders ; increase in liver enzymes in a blood test . - rare side effects : distortion or complete lack of the sense of taste ; disturbances in vision such as blurred vision ; pain in the joints ; muscle pains ; weight changes ; raised body temperature ; swelling of the extremities ; depression ; increased bilirubin and fat levels in blood ( seen in blood tests ), breast enlargement in males ; high fever and a sharp drop in circulating granular white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ). - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): disorientation ; reduction in the number of blood platelets , which may cause you to bleed or bruise more than normal ; reduction in the number of white blood cells , which may lead to more frequent infections ; coexisting abnormal reduction in the number of red and white blood cells , as well as platelets ( seen in blood tests ). - frequency not known : hallucination , confusion ( especially in patients with a history of these symptoms ); decreased level of sodium in blood ; decreased level of magnesium in blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are allergic reactions which may be severe allergic reaction . stop injecting kovaltry immediately and speak to your doctor at once if such reactions occur . the following symptoms could be an early warning of these reactions : chest tightness / general feeling of being unwell dizziness feeling faint upon standing indicating a reduction in blood pressure feeling sick ( nausea ) for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ). for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form uncommonly ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , please contact your doctor immediately . other possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): lymph nodes enlarged ( swelling under the skin of the neck , armpit or groin ) heart palpitations ( feeling your heart beating hard , rapidly , or irregularly ) rapid heartbeat stomach pain or discomfort indigestion fever local reactions where you injected the medicine ( e . g . bleeding under the skin , intense itching , swelling , burning sensation , temporary redness ) headache trouble sleeping rash / itchy rash uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 users ): dysgeusia ( strange taste ) urticaria ( itchy rash ) flushing ( redness of the face ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines levviax can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of them are mild and transient , but very rare cases of serious adverse liver reactions and liver failure , including fatal cases , have been reported . so , if any of the following happens , stop taking levviax and tell your doctor immediately : - allergic or skin reactions such as face swelling , general allergic reactions including allergic shock , or serious skin conditions associated with red spots , blisters . - severe , persistent or bloody diarrhoea associated with abdominal pain or fever , which can be a sign of serious bowel inflammation which may occur very rarely following treatment with antibiotics . - signs and symptoms of hepatitis ( liver disease ) such as yellowing of skin and eyes , dark urine , itching , loss of appetite or abdominal pain . - worsening of a condition called myasthenia gravis , a rare disease which causes muscle weakness . the above serious side effects are uncommon ( 1 out of 1000 to less than 1 out of 100 ), rare ( 1 out of 10 , 000 to less than 1 out of 1000 patients ) or very rare ( less than 1 / 10 , 000 patients including isolated report ), but may require urgent medical attention . the other side effects listed below are given with an estimation of the frequency with which they may occur . the most common side effect ( 10 or more out of 100 patients ) which may occur with levviax is diarrhoea , usually mild and temporary . other side effects which may commonly ( 1 to 10 out of 100 patients ) occur with levviax are : 25 nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , flatulence ( excess wind ), dizziness , headaches , disturbance of taste , vaginal candida infection ( fungal infection associated with local itching , burning and white discharge ), increase in liver enzymes ( detected by blood test ). uncommon or rare side effects ( 1 out of 10 , 000 to less than 1 out of 100 patients ) which may occur with levviax are : constipation , anorexia ( loss of appetite ), stomatitis ( inflammation in themouth ), oral candida infection ( fungal infection ), hepatitis , rash , urticaria ( hives ), pruritus ( itching ), eczema , somnolence , insomnia , nervousness , vertigo , paraesthesia ( tingling of the hands or feet ), , visual disturbances ( blurred vision , difficulty in focusing , double vision ), , flushes , transient loss of consciousness ( fainting ), arrhythmia , bradycardia or palpitations ( changes in heart rate or in ecg ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ), eosinophilia ( increase of certain white blood cells , detected by blood test ). very rare side effects ( less than 1 out of 10 , 000 patients ) which may occur with levviax are : disturbance of smell , muscle cramps . additional side effects which may occur with levviax are : abnormality of electrocardiogram ( ecg ) called prolongation of qt interval and inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). during post - marketing experience , liver failure has been reported ( frequency unknown ). if any of these undesirable effects are troublesome , severe , or do not wear off as treatment goes on , tell your doctor . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however some patients may experience serious side effects and may require treatment . side effects may also occur after your treatment with inflectra has stopped . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , skin rash , hives , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . some of these reactions may be serious or life - threatening . an allergic reaction could happen within 2 hours of your injection or later . more signs of allergic side effects that may happen up to 12 days after your injection include pain in the muscles , fever , joint or jaw pain , sore throat or headache . signs of a heart problem such as chest discomfort or pain , arm pain , stomach pain , shortness of breath , anxiety , lightheadedness , dizziness , fainting , sweating , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , and swelling of your feet . signs of infection ( including tb ) such as fever , feeling tired , cough which may be persistent , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , weight loss , night sweats , diarrhoea , wounds , collection of pus in the gut or around the anus ( abscess ), dental problems or burning sensation when urinating . possible signs of cancer including but not limited to swelling of lymph nodes , weight loss , fever , unusual skin nodules , changes in moles or skin colouring , or unusual vaginal bleeding . signs of a lung problem such as coughing , breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest . signs of a nervous system problem ( including eye problems ) such as signs of a stroke ( sudden numbness or weakness of your face , arm or leg , especially on one side of your body ; sudden confusion , trouble speaking or understanding ; trouble seeing in one or both eyes , trouble walking , dizziness , loss of balance or coordination or a severe headache ), fits , tingling / numbness in any part of your body , or weakness in arms or legs , changes in eyesight such as double vision or other eye problems . signs of a liver problem ( including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) such as yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark - brown coloured urine , pain or swelling in the upper right side of the stomach area , joint pain , skin rashes , or fever . signs of an immune system disorder such as joint pain or a rash on cheeks or arms that is sensitive to the sun ( lupus ) or cough , shortness of breath , fever or skin rash ( sarcoidosis ). signs of low blood counts such as persistent fever , bleeding or bruising more easily , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , or looking pale . signs of serious skin problems such as reddish - target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) skin , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes or small pus - filled bumps that can spread over the body . these skin reactions can be accompanied by fever . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the above . the following side effects have been observed with inflectra : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people stomach pain , feeling sick viral infections such as herpes or flu upper respiratory infections such as sinusitis headache side effect due to an infusion pain . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people changes in how your liver works , increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) lung or chest infections such as bronchitis or pneumonia difficult or painful breathing , chest pain bleeding in the stomach or intestines , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn , constipation nettle - type rash ( hives ), itchy rash or dry skin balance problems or feeling dizzy fever , increased sweating circulation problems such as low or high blood pressure bruising , hot flush or nosebleed , warm , red skin ( flushing ) feeling tired or weak bacterial infections such as blood poisoning , abscess or infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) infection of the skin due to a fungus blood problems such as anaemia or low white blood cell count swollen lymph nodes depression , problems sleeping eye problems , including red eyes and infections fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) or palpitations pain in the joints , muscles or back urinary tract infection psoriasis , skin problems such as eczema and hair loss reactions at the injection site such as pain , swelling , redness or itching chills , a build - up of fluid under the skin causing swelling feeling numb or having a tingling feeling . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people shortage of blood supply , swelling of a vein collection of blood outside the blood vessels ( haematoma ) or bruising skin problems such as blistering , warts , abnormal skin colouration or pigmentation , or swollen lips , or thickening of the skin , or red , scaly , and flaky skin severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), an immune system disorder called lupus , allergic reactions to foreign proteins wounds taking longer to heal swelling of the liver ( hepatitis ) or gall bladder , liver damage feeling forgetful , irritable , confused , nervous eye problems including blurred or reduced vision , puffy eyes or sties 57 new or worsening heart failure , slow heart rate fainting convulsions , nerve problems a hole in the bowel or blockage of the intestine , stomach pain or cramps swelling of your pancreas ( pancreatitis ) fungal infections such as yeast infection or fungal infection of the nails lung problems ( such as oedema ) fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) narrowed airway in the lungs , causing difficulty breathing inflamed lining of the lung , causing sharp chest pains that feel worse with breathing ( pleurisy ) tuberculosis kidney infections low platelet count , too many white blood cells infections of the vagina blood test result showing ' antibodies ' against your own body . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people a type of blood cancer ( lymphoma ) your blood not supplying enough oxygen to your body , circulation problems such as narrowing of a blood vessel inflammation of the lining of the brain ( meningitis ) infections due to a weakened immune system hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past inflamed liver caused by a problem with the immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) liver problem that causes yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) abnormal tissue swelling or growth severe allergic reaction that may cause loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening ( anaphylactic shock ) swelling of small blood vessels ( vasculitis ) immune disorders that could affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( such as sarcoidosis ) collections of immune cells resulting from an inflammatory response ( granulomatous lesions ) lack of interest or emotion serious skin problems such as toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome and acute generalised exanthematous pustulosis other skin problems such as erythema multiforme , blisters and peeling skin , or boils ( furunculosis ) serious nervous system disorders such as transverse myelitis , multiple sclerosis - like disease , optic neuritis and guillain - barré syndrome inflammation in the eye that may cause changes in the vision , including blindness fluid in the lining of the heart ( pericardial effusion ) serious lung problems ( such as interstitial lung disease ) melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ) cervical cancer low blood counts , including a severely decreased number of white blood cells small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin lichenoid reactions ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash and / or threadlike white - grey lines on mucous membranes ) abnormal values of a blood protein called ' complement factor ' which is part of the immune system . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data cancer in children and adults a rare blood cancer affecting mostly teenage boys or young men ( hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ) 58 liver failure merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ) worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ) heart attack stroke temporary loss of sight during or within 2 hours of infusion infection due to a live vaccine because of a weakened immune system . additional side effects in children and adolescents children who took infliximab for crohn ' s disease showed some differences in side effects compared with adults who took infliximab for crohn ' s disease . the side effects that happened more in children were : low red blood cells ( anaemia ), blood in stool , low overall levels of white blood cells ( leukopenia ), redness or blushing ( flushing ), viral infections , low levels of white blood cells that fight infection ( neutropenia ), bone fracture , bacterial infection and allergic reactions of the breathing tract . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , dynepo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please inform your doctor or pharmacist . the most frequent side effects observed ( in 1 % to 10 % of patients ) with dynepo are : - increase in blood pressure . even patients with normal blood pressure may have a marked rise in their blood pressure and existing high blood pressure can get worse ( see 2 . before you take dynepo ). - if you are on haemodialysis you may experience blockage of the dialysis tubes as your anaemia improves ( increase in red blood cells ). an increase in the dose of the anticoagulation treatment is frequently required to prevent the blockage occurring . - headache other side effects that occur less frequently ( in 0 . 1 % to 1 % of patients ) include itching , pain , reaction at the site of injection ( such as soreness and bleeding ), flu - syndrome , diarrhoea , nausea . convulsions have been rarely reported ( less than 1 every 1000 patients ). dynepo may also cause changes in the composition of your blood . this includes increase in the number of red blood cells and in the number of platelets . there may be also changes in the chemistry of your blood , including increase of creatinine , potassium levels .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with roclanda and other medicines containing latanoprost and netarsudil alone : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) o effects in the eye : eye redness ; fine deposits on the front of the eye and pain where the drops have been put in ; a gradual increase in the amount of brown pigment in the coloured part of the eye ( the iris ) leading to altered eye colour ; a gradual increase in the colour ( darkening ), length , thickness and number of your eye lashes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) o effects in the eye : infection or inflammation of the eye ; dryness of the eye or small breaks in the film of liquid on the surface of the eye ; eye discharge ; itchy eyelids ; clouding of the eye and slight decrease in vision ; eye pain ; feeling of grittiness or having something in the eye ; general eye redness shortly after drops are put in ; spots or patches of eye redness ; conjunctivitis ( eye inflammation or prominent blood vessels ) caused by an allergic reaction ; watery eyes ; increased sensitivity to light ; swelling around the eye ; eyelid crusting ; blurred vision ; o general side effects redness or itching of the skin on your face 26 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) o effects in the eye : increased fluid pressure inside the eye ; inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( the iris ); bulging of iris ; increased wrinkling of the clear layer over the eye where it meets with the lower eyelid ; blindness ; blurred , double or halo vision ; blocked tear duct ; small colored spots on the eye surface ; eyelid dryness ; eye dryness caused by inflammation of the glands of the eyelids ; eye allergy ; shiny / glassy eyes ; tiredness ; numbness or burning in the eye ; abnormal turning outward of the lower eyelid ; loss of eyelashes ; eye disease related to diabetes o side effects in other parts of the body blocked nose ; nosebleed ; nasal discomfort and pain ; headache ; dizziness ; redness or itching of the skin ; dry skin ; thickening of the skin ; muscle pain or spasm ; joint pain ; jaw pain ; picking at your skin ; inflammation of the cartilage ; chest pain ( angina ); awareness of heart beat ( palpitations ); asthma ; shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) o effects in the eye : swelling or scratching with damage to the surface of the eye ; swelling around the eye ( periorbital oedema ); eyelashes growing in the wrong direction or an extra row of eyelashes ; scarring of the surface of the eye ; fluid filled area within the coloured part of the eye ( iris cyst ); skin reactions on the eyelids ; darkening of the skin of the eyelids ; viral infection of the eye caused by herpes simplex virus ( hsv ). o side effects in other parts of the body worsening of asthma ; severe itching of the skin very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) o effects in the eye : sunken eye appearance ( eye sulcus deepening ). o side effects in other parts of the body worsening of angina in patients who also have heart disease reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side affects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the side effects listed below were seen when dexamethasone was taken for the treatment of multiple myeloma and for the treatment of other diseases . in some cases , the combination of several medicines can increase the side effects of one or the other of these medicines taken separately . neofordex may cause serious mental health problems . these are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) and may include : - feeling depressed ( including thinking about suicide ) - feeling high ( mania ), very happy ( euphoria ) or moods that go up and down , - feeling anxious , having difficulty in concentrating and memory loss , - feeling , seeing or hearing things that do not exist or believing in things that are not real , having gloomy thoughts , changing how you act . if you notice any of these symptoms talk to a doctor straight away . other possible side effects may be : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people − increased blood sugar levels ( hyperglycaemia ); − constipation ; − having trouble sleeping ( insomnia ); − muscle cramps , muscle weakness ; − tiredness , weakness , swelling of the body and face . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people − bacterial , viral or fungal infections , including pneumonia , shingles , infections of the nose , mouth , tonsils or throat , bronchitis , herpes , bladder infection , candida infection ; − reduction in the number of red or white blood cells and / or platelets , or increased number of white blood cells , decreased levels of potassium or of albumin ( a protein ) in the blood , increased levels of uric acid in the blood , changes in liver function tests ; − cushing ' s syndrome , i . e . weight gain of the trunk and face , excessive sweating , stretch marks , visible swollen capillaries ( small blood vessels ) and dryness of the skin , growth of extra facial hair ( especially in women ) and thinning of the hair ; − development of diabetes , loss or increase of appetite , weight gain or weight loss , water retention ; − aggression , confusion , irritability , nervousness , restlessness , altered mood ; − sensitivity , numbness , tingling or burning sensation of the skin , or pain in the hands or feet due to nerve damage , dizziness , trembling , headache , loss of or change in the sense of taste ; − cataract , blurred vision ; − fast or irregular heart rhythm , too high or too low blood pressure , formation of blood clots that may clog blood vessels ( for example in legs or lungs ), swelling of arms or legs , reddening of the skin of the face or body ; − cough , breathing difficulties , difficulties speaking , sore throat or mouth , hoarseness , dry mouth , hiccough , inflammation of the mucous membranes ; − vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , bloating , swollen and / or painful stomach ; − rash , itching , reddened skin , excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ), dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ); − muscle wasting , pain of the muscles , joints , bones or limbs ; − frequent urination ; − pain , fever , chills , fainting , vertigo , exhaustion , drowsiness , impaired sense of balance . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people − fever due to a lack of certain white blood cells , lack of all types of blood cells , diminished blood clotting ,; 30 − failure of the thyroid gland to produce normal amounts of hormones ( hypothyroidism ); − lack of body water ( dehydration ) with thirst or headache , decreased magnesium or calcium levels in the blood ; − mood swings , hallucinations ; − stroke , difficulties in coordination or movement , fainting ; − inflammation of the eye and / or eyelids , increased tearing ; − heart attack , abnormally slow heartbeat ; − hives ; − failure of the kidneys . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data − infection , inflammation of the whole body due to infection ( sepsis ); − inability of the body to respond normally to severe stress such as accidents , surgery or illness due to insufficient function of the adrenal glands , severe unusual headache with visual disturbances linked to the withdrawal of treatment , irregularity of menstrual cycles in women , excessive hair growth ( hirsutism ); − increased need for diabetes medicine , salt imbalance , potassium loss due to low carbon dioxide levels ( a condition called metabolic alkalosis ); − epileptic fits ; − increased pressure in the eye including glaucoma , choroid and retinal disorders ( chorioretinopathy ); − inability of the heart to pump enough blood round the body ( heart failure ); − ulcers , perforations and / or bleeding in the oesophagus ( gullet ), stomach or intestine , inflamed pancreas ( which may show as pain in the back and abdomen ); − slow wound healing , acne , thinning of the skin , bruising , red or purple discolorations on the skin ( purpura ); − thinning of the bones with increased risk of fracture , bone disease , ruptured tendon . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . pradaxa affects blood clotting , so most side effects are related to signs such as bruising or bleeding . major or severe bleeding may occur , these constitute the most serious side effects and , regardless of location , may become disabling , life - threatening or even lead to death . in some cases these bleedings may not be obvious . if you experience any bleeding event that does not stop by itself or if you experience signs of excessive bleeding ( exceptional weakness , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache or unexplained swelling ) consult your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately , if you experience a serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness . possible side effects are listed below , grouped by how likely they are to happen . prevention of blood clot formation after knee or hip replacement surgery common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): 224 - a fall in the amount of haemoglobin in the blood ( the substance in the red blood cells ) - unusual laboratory test results on liver function uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - bleeding may happen from the nose , into the stomach or bowel , from penis / vagina or urinary tract ( incl . blood in the urine that stains the urine pink or red ), from piles , from the rectum , under the skin , into a joint , from or after an injury or after an operation - haematoma formation or bruising occurring after an operation - blood detected in the stools by a laboratory test - a fall in the number of red cells in the blood - a decrease in the proportion of blood cells - allergic reaction - vomiting - frequent loose or liquid bowel movements - feeling sick - wound secretion ( liquid exuding from the surgical wound ) - liver enzymes increased - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , caused by liver or blood problems rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - bleeding - bleeding may happen in the brain , from a surgical incision , from the site of entry of an injection or from the site of entry of a catheter into a vein - blood - stained discharge from the site of entry of a catheter into a vein - coughing of blood or blood stained sputum - a fall in the number of platelets in the blood - a fall in the number of red cells in the blood after an operation - serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - skin rash notable for dark red , raised , itchy bumps caused by an allergic reaction - sudden change of the skin which affects its colour and appearance - itching - ulcer in the stomach or bowel ( incl . ulcer in the gullet ) - inflammation of the gullet and stomach - reflux of gastric juice into the gullet - belly ache or stomach ache - indigestion - difficulty in swallowing - fluid exiting a wound - fluid exiting a wound after an operation not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - decreases in the number or even lack of white blood cells ( which help to fight infections ) - hair loss treatment of blood clots and prevention of blood clots from reoccurring in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - a fall in the number of red cells in the blood - a fall in the number of platelets in the blood - skin rash notable for dark red , raised , itchy bumps caused by an allergic reaction - sudden change of the skin which affects its colour and appearance - haematoma formation - nosebleed - reflux of gastric juice into the gullet - vomiting 225 - feeling sick - frequent loose or liquid bowel movements - indigestion - hair loss - liver enzymes increased uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( which help to fight infections ) - bleeding may happen into the stomach or bowel , from the brain , from the rectum , from penis / vagina or urinary tract ( incl . blood in the urine that stains the urine pink or red ), or under the skin - a fall in the amount of haemoglobin in the blood ( the substance in the red blood cells ) - a decrease in the proportion of blood cells - itching - coughing of blood or blood stained sputum - belly ache or stomach ache - inflammation of the gullet and stomach - allergic reaction - difficulty in swallowing - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , caused by liver or blood problems not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - lack of white blood cells ( which help to fight infections ) - serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - difficulty in breathing or wheezing - bleeding - bleeding may happen into a joint or from an injury , from a surgical incision , or from the site of entry of an injection or from the site of entry of a catheter into a vein - bleeding may happen from piles - ulcer in the stomach or bowel ( incl . ulcer in the gullet ) - unusual laboratory test results on liver function reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop using cosentyx and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you get any of the following side effects : possible serious infection - the signs may include : fever , flu - like symptoms , night sweats feeling tired or short of breath , cough which will not go away warm , red and painful skin , or a painful skin rash with blisters burning sensation when passing urine . serious allergic reaction - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing low blood pressure , which can cause dizziness or light - headedness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . your doctor will decide if and when you may restart the treatment . other side effects most of the following side effects are mild to moderate . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infections with symptoms such as sore throat and stuffy nose ( nasopharyngitis , rhinitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): cold sores ( oral herpes ) diarrhoea runny nose ( rhinorrhoea ) athlete ' s foot ( tinea pedis ) headache nausea fatigue 105 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ) signs of low levels of white blood cells , such as fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( neutropenia ) infection of the external ear ( otitis externa ) discharge from the eye with itching , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ) itchy rash ( urticaria ) lower respiratory tract infections abdominal cramps and pain , diarrhoea , weight loss or blood in the stool ( signs of bowel problems ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reaction with shock ( anaphylactic reaction ) redness and shedding of skin over a larger area of the body , which may be itchy or painful ( exfoliative dermatitis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): fungal infections of the skin and mucous membranes ( including oesophageal candidiasis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . your doctor may lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , pain on the right side of your stomach area , dark urine , itchy skin , feeling less hungry than usual , nausea or vomiting , feeling tired , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ( potential signs of liver problems ) new or worsening signs of muscle problems , including unexplained muscle pain or muscle pain that does not go away , tenderness , or weakness ( potential signs of muscle problems ). fainting , dizziness and low blood pressure ( potential signs of slow heart beat ) new or worsening signs including difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , or cough with or without mucous , or fever - the signs may be similar to those from your lung cancer ( potential signs of lung inflammation pneumonitis ). alecensa can cause severe or life - threatening inflammation of the lungs during treatment . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): abnormal results of blood tests to check for liver problems ( high levels of alanine aminotransferase , aspartate aminotransferase and bilirubin ) abnormal results of blood tests to check for muscle damage ( high level of creatine phosphokinase ) you may feel tired , weak or short of breath due to a reduction in the number of red blood cells , known as anaemia vomiting if you vomit after taking a dose of alecensa , do not take an extra dose , just take your next dose at the usual time constipation diarrhoea nausea rash swelling caused by fluid build - up in the body ( oedema ) weight gain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abnormal results of blood tests to check kidney function ( high level of creatinine ) blurred vision , loss of sight , black dots or white spots in your vision , and seeing double ( problems with your eyes ) abnormal results of blood tests to check for liver disease or bone disorders ( high level of alkaline phosphatase ) inflammation of the mucous membrane of the mouth sensitivity to sunlight do not expose yourself to the sun for any long period of time while you are taking alecensa and for 7 days after you stop . you need to apply sunscreen and lip balm with a sun protection factor of 50 or higher to help prevent sunburn . alteration in sense of taste rapid loss of kidney function ( kidney problems ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may be serious but are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat high level of blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia : typical symptoms include excessive thirst or hunger and frequent urination ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) swelling mainly of the tongue , lips , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . some side effects may be serious , but the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) difficulty breathing with wheezing or coughing ( signs of paradoxical bronchospasm ) some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping runny or stuffy nose , sneezing , sore throat diarrhoea or stomach ache musculoskeletal pain 35 some side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty and pain when passing urine painful and frequent urination palpitations rash numbness cough with sputum dental caries feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead nose bleeds pain in arms or legs pain in muscles , bones or joints of the chest stomach discomfort after meals throat irritation tiredness weakness itching voice alteration ( hoarseness ) nausea vomiting some elderly patients above 75 years of age experienced headache ( frequency common ) and urinary tract infection ( frequency common ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking spedra and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : an erection that will not go away (" priapism "). if you get an erection that lasts more than 4 hours , this must be treated as soon as possible or lasting damage can happen to your penis ( including not being able to get erections ). blurred vision . sudden decrease or loss of vision in one or both eyes . sudden decrease or loss of hearing ( sometimes you may also feel dizzy or have ringing in your ears ). stop taking spedra and see a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the serious side effects above . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache flushing nasal congestion uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or very tired sinus congestion back pain hot flush feeling out of breath when you exert yourself heartbeat changes seen on a heart tracing ( ecg ) increased heart beat feeling your heartbeat in your chest ( palpitations ) indigestion , feeling or being sick to your stomach blurry vision raised liver enzymes rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) influenza influenza - like illness stuffy or runny nose hayfever congestion in the nose , sinuses or upper part of the airway bringing air into the lungs gout trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) 59 premature ejaculation feeling strange feeling unable to keep still chest pain serious chest pain fast heart beat high blood pressure dry mouth stomach ache or heartburn pain or discomfort in the lower abdomen diarrhoea rash pain in the lower back or side of lower chest muscle aches or pains muscle spasms frequent urination penile disorder spontaneous erection without sexual stimulation itching in the genital area feeling weak or tired all the time swelling in the feet or ankles increased blood pressure pink or red urine , blood in the urine abnormal extra sound from the heart an abnormal blood test result for a prostate test called ' psa ' an abnormal blood test result for bilirubin , a chemical produced from the normal breakdown of red blood cells an abnormal blood test result for creatinine , a chemical excreted in the urine , and a measure of kidney function weight gain fever nosebleed reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . symptoms are unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of 65 , seek medical advice straight away . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking pioglitazone and have also been reported in male patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from 33 the available data ) taking pioglitazone . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) has also been reported in patients taking pioglitazone . if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) in patients taking pioglitazone . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking pioglitazone are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - weight gain - numbness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes - allergic reactions the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when pioglitazone is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - impotence - back pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in red blood cell count - flatulence uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in enzymes - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - sweating - tiredness - increased appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 34 listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following definitions : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects very commonly reported in clinical studies with deltyba were : sensations of irregular and / or forceful beating of the heart vomiting nausea diarrhoea stomach pain headache a tingling , burning or pricking sensation or numbness of the skin ( paresthesia ) shaking ( tremor ) decreased appetite dizziness hearing a persistent sound in your ear when no sound exists ( tinnitus ) intense lack of energy joint or muscle pain difficulties with falling or staying asleep increase in immature red blood cells low blood potassium level increased blood uric acid level coughing up blood changes found in investigations ( electrocardiogram , ecg ) of the heart side effects commonly reported in clinical studies with deltyba were : anaemia increase of certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) increased blood tryglycerides psychotic disorder agitation anxiety depression restlessness nerve damage causing numbness or pain ( burning ) or tingling feeling in hands or feet drowsiness reduced sensation dry eye decreased tolerability of the eyes for bright light 25 ear pain increase of blood pressure ( hypertension ) decrease of blood pressure ( hypotension ) bruising hot flushes shortness of breath cough pain in the mouth or throat throat irritation dry throat runny nose chest pain gastritis constipation indigestion dermatitis hives itching papules ( small skin elevations ) rash acne increased sweating a bone disease called osteochondrosis muscular weakness pain in bones flank pain pain in arms or legs blood in urine fever chest pain feeling unwell chest discomfort foot , leg or ankle swelling increased values for blood investigations for the hormone cortisol side effects uncommonly reported in clinical studies with deltyba were : shingles oral thrush yeast infection of the skin ( tinea versicolor ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low blood platelets count ( thrombocytopaenia ) dehydration low blood calcium level high blood cholesterol level aggression paranoia panic attacks adjustment disorder with depressed mood neurosis feeling of emotional and mental discomfort mental aberration problems with sleeping increase of libido lethargy 26 balance disorder regional pain allergic conjunctivitis heart rhythm problems swallowing problems abnormal feeling in the mouth tenderness in the abdomen hair loss itchy or red skin including around the hair roots . urine retention painful urination increased need to urinate at night feeling hot abnormal values for blood investigations related to coagulation ( prolonged appt ) abnormal blood values related to the function of the liver , biliary system or pancreas decreased values for blood investigations for the hormone cortisol increased blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible signs of liver problems increased liver enzymes in the blood are very common in patients with cf . these may be a sign of liver problems : pain or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area yellowing of the skin or the white part of the eyes loss of appetite nausea or vomiting dark urine tell your doctor straight away if you have any of these symptoms . side effects seen with symkevi in combination with ivacaftor : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common cold common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ) blocked nose ( sinus congestion ) dizziness side effects seen with ivacaftor : very common side effects upper respiratory tract infection ( the common cold ), including sore throat and nasal congestion headache dizziness stomach ( abdominal ) ache diarrhoea increased liver enzymes in the blood rash changes in the type of bacteria in mucus common side effects runny nose ear pain , ear discomfort ringing in the ears redness inside the ear inner ear disorder ( feeling dizzy or spinning ) sinus congestion redness in the throat breast mass uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ear congestion breast inflammation enlargement of the breast in males nipple changes or pain 35 additional side effects in children and adolescents side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking irbesartan zentiva and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with irbesartan zentiva were : 103 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you suffer from high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , blood tests may show an increased level of potassium . common ( may affect up to 1 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick / vomiting , fatigue and blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine kinase enzyme ). in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , dizziness when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in joints or muscles and decreased levels of a protein in the red blood cells ( haemoglobin ) were also reported . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heart rate increased , flushing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion / heartburn , sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ), chest pain . some undesirable effects have been reported since marketing of irbesartan zentiva . undesirable effects where the frequency is not known are : feeling of spinning , headache , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , muscle cramps , pain in joints and muscles , reduced number of platelets , abnormal liver function , increased blood potassium levels , impaired kidney function , inflammation of small blood vessels mainly affecting the skin ( a condition known as leukocytoclastic vasculitis ) and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - fever or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38 or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . - if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). - if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). - allergic reaction : if you develop skin rash ( very common ) / burning or prickling sensation ( common ), or fever ( common ). rarely , skin reactions may be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon ) ( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ). side effects with pemetrexed krka may include : 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low white blood cells - low haemoglobin level ( anaemia ) - low platelet count - diarrhoea - vomiting - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth - nausea - loss of appetite - fatigue ( tiredness ) - skin rash - hair loss - constipation - loss of sensation - kidney : abnormal blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reaction : skin rash / burning or prickling sensation - infection including sepsis - fever - dehydration - kidney failure - irritation of the skin and itching - chest pain - muscle weakness - conjunctivitis ( inflamed eye ) - upset stomach - pain in the abdomen - taste change - liver : abnormal blood tests - watery eyes - increased skin pigmentation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - acute renal failure - fast heart rate - inflammation of the lining of the oesophagus ( gullet ) has been experienced with pemetrexed / radiation therapy - colitis ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ) - interstitial pneumonitis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung ) - oedema ( excess fluid in body tissue , causing swelling ) - some patients have experienced a heart attack , stroke or " mini - stroke " while receiving pemetrexed usually in combination with another anticancer therapy - pancytopenia - combined low counts of white cells , red cells and platelets - radiation pneumonitis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung associated with radiation therapy ) may occur in patients who are also treated with radiation either before , during or after their pemetrexed therapy - extremity pain , low temperature and discolouration have been reported - blood clots in the lung blood vessels ( pulmonary embolism ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - radiation recall ( a skin rash like severe sunburn ) which can occur on skin that has previously been exposed to radiotherapy , from days to years after the radiation - bullous conditions ( blistering skin diseases )- including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis 38 - immune mediated haemolytic anaemia ( antibody - mediated destruction of red blood cells ) - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - lower limb swelling with pain and redness - increased urine output - thirst and increased water consumption - hypernatraemia increased sodium in blood - inflammation of the skin , mainly of the lower limb with swelling , pain and redness you might have any of these symptoms and / or conditions . you must tell your doctor as soon as possible when you start experiencing any of these side effects . if you are concerned about any side effects , talk to your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of side effects seen with raloxifene teva have been mild . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) hot flushes ( vasodilatation ). flu syndrome . gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and stomach upset increased blood pressure common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache including migraine leg cramps . swelling of hands , feet and legs ( peripheral oedema ). gallstones . rash mild breast symptoms such as pain , enlargement and tenderness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased risk of blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ). increased risk of blood clots in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). increased risk of blood clots in the eyes ( retinal vein thrombosis ). skin around the vein is red and painful ( superficial vein thrombophlebitis ). blood clot in an artery ( for example stroke , including an increased risk of dying from stroke ) decrease in the number of the platelets in the blood in rare cases , blood levels of liver enzymes may increase during treatment with raloxifene teva . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any of the following serious side effects : signs of a new infection , changes in your immune system , can happen when you start using hiv medicines . your immune system might get stronger and begin to fight infections that have been hidden in your body for a long time ( this is called ' immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome '). look out for new signs of infection after receiving trogarzo ; these can be different from person to person depending on the type of infection that was hidden and might include fever , headache , difficulty breathing , stomach ache , coughing and swollen glands ( lumps and bumps on your body , neck , armpit or groin ). allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin rash diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) dizziness headache feeling tired dry skin dermatitis a type of eczema with dry itchy skin pain and feeling numb in hands , feet or legs 25 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tremor feeling dizzy , faint or light headed when standing up dry mouth feeling hot spots or swelling itchy skin , or skin damage bruising abnormal heartbeat high blood pressure or frequent changes in blood pressure seen in tests : abnormal results on tests of the heart ' s electrical activity ( electrocardiogram ) tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately or go to an emergency department nearby if the following rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects occur , because a serious allergic reaction might follow : anaphylactic reactions , drug hypersensitivity ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ") potentially life - threatening skin rashes characterised by formation of blisters and shedding of the skin and inner surfaces of body cavities , e . g . mouth and genitals , painful ulcers in the mouth and / or genital areas , accompanied by fever , sore throat and fatigue ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ), or by enlarged lymph nodes , liver enlargement , hepatitis ( up to liver failure ), raising of the white - cells count in the blood ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms - dress ) ( see section 2 ) generalised skin rashes other side effects which are not mentioned above are listed below . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : abnormal liver test results diarrhoea headache rash ( including various types of rash , please see below under " uncommon " and " rare " sections ) nausea increase in gout symptoms localised swelling due to retention of fluids in tissues ( oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : decreased appetite , change in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) of which a symptom may be excessive thirst , increased blood fat levels , weight increase loss of sex drive difficulty in sleeping , sleepiness dizziness , numbness , tingling , reduced or altered sensation ( hypoesthesia , hemiparesis or 68 paraesthesia ), altered sense of taste , diminished sense of smell ( hyposmia ) abnormal ecg heart tracing , irregular or rapid heartbeats , feeling your heart beat ( palpitation ) hot flushes or flushing ( e . g . redness of the face or neck ), increased blood pressure , bleeding ( haemorrhage , seen only in patients taking chemotherapy for blood disorders ) cough , shortness of breath , chest discomfort or pain , inflammation of nasal passage and / or throat ( upper respiratory tract infection ), bronchitis dry mouth , abdominal pain / discomfort or wind , heartburn / indigestion , constipation , more frequent passing of stools , vomiting , stomach discomfort itching , hives , skin inflammation , skin discoloration , small red or purple spots on the skin , small , flat red spots on the skin , flat , red area on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , rash , areas of redness and spots on the skin , other type of skin conditions muscle cramp , muscle weakness , pain / ache in muscles / joints , bursitis or arthritis ( inflammation of joints usually accompanied by pain , swelling and / or stiffness ), pain in extremity , back pain , muscle spasm blood in the urine , abnormal frequent urination , abnormal urine tests ( increased level of proteins in the urine ), a reduction in the ability of the kidneys to function properly fatigue , chest pain , chest discomfort stones in the gallbladder or in bile ducts ( cholelithiasis ) increase in blood thyroid stimulating hormone ( tsh ) level changes in blood chemistry or amount of blood cells or platelets ( abnormal blood test results ) kidney stones erectile difficulties rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : muscle damage , a condition which on rare occasions can be serious . it may cause muscle problems and particularly , if at the same time , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an abnormal muscle breakdown . contact your doctor immediately if you experience muscle pain , tenderness or weakness severe swelling of the deeper layers of the skin , especially around the lips , eyes , genitals , hands , feet or tongue , with possible sudden difficult breathing high fever in combination with measles - like skin rash , enlarged lymph nodes , liver enlargement , hepatitis ( up to liver failure ), raising of the white - cells count in the blood ( leukocytosis , with or without eosinophilia ) reddening of the skin ( erythema ), rash in various types ( e . g . itchy , with white spots , with blisters , with blisters containing pus , with shedding of the skin , measles - like rash ), widespread erythema , necrosis , and bullous detachment of the epidermis and mucous membranes , resulting in exfoliation and possible sepsis ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) nervousness feeling thirsty ringing in the ears blurred vision , change in vision hair loss mouth ulceration inflammation of the pancreas : common symptoms are abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting increased sweating weight decrease , increased appetite , uncontrolled loss of appetite ( anorexia ) muscle and / or joint stiffness abnormally low blood cell counts ( white or red blood cells or platelets ) urgent need to urinate 69 changes or decrease in urine amount due to inflammation in the kidneys ( tubulointerstitial nephritis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) liver damage increased level of creatine phosphokinase in blood ( an indicator of muscle damage ) sudden cardiac death reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice any of the following symptoms seek medical attention immediately : a severe allergic reaction seen as fever , swollen mouth , face , lip or tongue , shortness of breath , itching , skin rash and sometimes a drop in blood pressure . these reactions are seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). a serious blistering rash affecting the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) fever , sweating , muscle stiffness , and reduced consciousness . these could be symptoms of a condition known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome . these reactions are seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may also happen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling of restlessness and inability to sit still sleepiness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): parkinsonism : this is a medical term that describes many symptoms which include increase in saliva secretion or watery mouth , drooling , jerks when bending the limbs , slow , reduced or impaired body movements , no expression in the face , muscle tightness , stiff neck , muscle stiffness , small , shuffling , hurried steps and lack of normal arm movements when walking , persistent blinking in response to tapping of the forehead ( an abnormal reflex ) speech problems , unusual muscle movements ; a collection of symptoms known as extrapyramidal symptoms ( eps ) which typically will involve unusual purposeless involuntary muscle movements . dizziness 68 muscle spasms and stiffness nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ) rash and itching indigestion dry mouth or excess saliva abdominal pain difficulty sleeping , tiredness , agitation and anxiety weight gain increase in creatine phosphokinase ( an enzyme in muscles ) seen in blood tests increase in creatinine ( a marker of kidney function ) seen in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): slurred speech nightmares muscle aches joint pains problems walking rigid posture increased blood prolactin , increased blood glucose ( blood sugar ), increase in some liver enzymes , seen in blood tests increased blood pressure blood pressure dropping upon standing up which may cause fainting fast heart beat common cold hot flush blurred vision reduced appetite sweating pain when passing urine . uncontrollable movements of mouth , tongue and limbs ( tardive dyskinesia ) low blood levels of sodium which can cause tiredness and confusion , muscle twitching , fits and coma ( hyponatremia ). lack of energy ( lethargy ) gas ( flatulence ) neck pain back pain rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rhabdomyolysis which is the breakdown of muscle fibres that leads to the release of muscle fibre contents ( myoglobin ) into the bloodstream , seen as muscle pain , being sick , being confused , an abnormal heart rate and rhythm , and possibly dark urine increase in eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ). swelling beneath the skin surface ( angioedema ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): reduced levels of white blood cells ( which fight infection ) and red blood cells ( which carry oxygen around the body ) deliberate injury to oneself sudden feelings of anxiety sleep disorder spinning sensation seizure ( fits ) chest pain abnormal nerve impulses in the heart 69 slow heart rate diarrhoea difficulty swallowing irritation to lining of stomach kidney failure newborn babies may show the following : agitation , increase or decreases in muscle tone , tremor , sleepiness , breathing or feeding problems abnormal breast enlargement , breast pain , milk secretion from breasts problems with erections painful or absence of menstrual periods sudden death associated with heart disease . in elderly people with dementia , a small increase in the number of deaths has been reported for patients reporting of side effects taking medicines for schizophrenia compared with those not receiving these medicines . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the following website : by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , thelin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( likely to affect more than 1 in 10 patients ): headache common side effects ( likely to affect more than 1 in every 100 people ): swelling in the arms and legs being unable to sleep blocked nose and nosebleeds bleeding from the gums feeling and / or being sick , difficulty in passing stools , stomach ache , indigestion and diarrhoea flushed cramp in muscles dizziness feeling tired your blood may take longer to clot . yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) and persistent nausea and / or vomiting may indicate changes in liver function rare side effects ( likely to affect less than 1 in 1000 people ): liver damage rash anaemia ( low blood count ) for more details on liver problems , see ' testing for liver problems ' in section 2 . if any of the side effects become serious , or if you notice any other side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you notice anything unusual about your health . the following side effects may occur when taking evotaz very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) yellowing of the skin or the white part of your eyes nausea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased levels of bilirubin in the blood vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain or discomfort , indigestion , bloated or distended tummy ( abdomen ), wind ( flatulence ) headache , dizziness extreme tiredness increased appetite , impairment of the sense of taste , dry mouth difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , sleepiness rash uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) life threatening irregular heart beat ( torsade de pointes ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) inflammation of the liver inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the stomach allergic reactions including rash , a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests , an increase in a type of white blood cell [ esosinophilia ] and / or enlarged lymph nodes ( see section 2 ) severe swelling of the skin and other tissues most often the lips or the eyes fainting , high blood pressure chest pain , generally feeling unwell , fever shortness of breath formation of kidney stones , kidney inflammation , blood in the urine , excess protein in the urine , increased frequency of urination , chronic kidney disease ( how well your kidneys work ) gallstones muscle shrinkage , joint pain , aching muscles breast enlargement in men depression , anxiety , sleep disorder unusual tiredness or weakness loss of appetite , weight loss , weight gain disorientation , loss of memory numbness , weakness , tingling or pain in the arms and legs mouth ulcers and cold sores itchy rash , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including serious skin rash , a high temperature and enlarged lymph nodes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , see section 2 ). fast or irregular heartbeat ( qtc prolongation ) enlargement of the liver and spleen gallbladder inflammation kidney pain swelling visible accumulation of fluid under the skin , skin rash , widening of blood vessels abnormal manner of walking 56 aching muscles , muscle tenderness or weakness not caused by exercise during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : nausea or vomit ( feeling or being sick ), diarrhoea signs of liver problems - these include yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , unusually dark urine or pale faeces , feeling sick for no reason , stomach problems , loss of appetite or unusual tiredness or weakness , an increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests allergic reaction other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people a change in the salt level in your blood shown in blood tests - signs include feeling confused or weak abnormal skin sensations , such as numbness , tingling , itching , creeping , pricking or burning headache low potassium levels shown up in blood tests low magnesium levels shown up in blood tests high blood pressure loss of appetite , stomach pain or upset stomach , passing wind , dry mouth , changes in your taste heartburn ( a burning sensation in the chest rising up to the throat ) low levels of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) this can make you more likely to get infections and be shown up in blood tests fever feeling weak , dizzy , tired or sleepy rash itching constipation rectal discomfort uncommon : the following may affect up to 1 in 100 people anaemia - signs include headaches , feeling tired or dizzy , being short of breath or looking pale and a low level of haemoglobin shown up in blood tests low level of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) shown in blood tests this may lead to bleeding low level of " leukocytes " a type of white blood cell ( leukopenia ) shown in blood tests this can make you more likely to get infections 79 high level of " eosinophils " a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) this can happen if you have inflammation inflammation of the blood vessels heart rhythm problems fits ( convulsions ) nerve damage ( neuropathy ) abnormal heart rhythm shown up on a heart trace ( ecg ), palpitations , slow or fast heartbeat , high or low blood pressure low blood pressure inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) this may cause severe stomach pain oxygen supply to the spleen is interrupted ( splenic infarction ) - this may cause severe stomach pain severe kidney problems signs include passing more or less urine , that is a different colour than usual high blood levels of creatinine shown in blood tests cough , hiccups nose bleeds severe sharp chest pain when breathing in ( pleurritic pain ) swelling of lymph glands ( lymphadenopathy ) reduced feeling of sensitivity especially on the skin tremor high or low blood sugar levels blurred vision , sensitivity to light hair loss ( alopecia ) mouth ulcers shivering , feeling generally unwell pain , back or neck pain , pain in arms or legs water retention ( oedema ) menstrual problems ( abnormal vaginal bleeding ) inability to sleep ( insomnia ) being completely or partially unable to talk swelling of the mouth abnormal dreams , or difficulty sleeping problems with co - ordination or balance mucosal inflammation stuffy nose difficulty breathing chest discomfort feeling bloated mild to severe nausea , vomiting , cramps and diarrhoea , usually caused by a virus , stomach pain belching feeling jittery rare : the following may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people pneumonia signs include feeling short of breath and producing discoloured phlegm high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary hypertension ) this can cause serious damage to your lungs and heart blood problems such as unusual blood clotting or prolonged bleeding severe allergic reactions , including widespread blistering rash and skin peeling mental problems such as hearing voices or seeing things that are not there fainting having problems thinking or talking , having jerking movements , especially in your hands that you cannot control 80 stroke signs include pain , weakness , numbness , or tingling in the limbs having a blind or dark spot in your field of vision heart failure or heart attack which could lead to the heart stopping beating and death , heart rhythm problems , with sudden death blood clots in your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) signs include intense pain or swelling of the legs blood clots in your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) signs include feeling short of breath or pain while breathing bleeding into your stomach or gut signs include vomiting blood or passing blood in your stool a blockage in your gut ( intestinal obstruction ) especially in the " ileum ". the blockage will prevent the contents of your intestine from passing through to the lower bowel signs include feeling bloated , vomiting , severe constipation , loss of appetite , and cramps " haemolytic uraemic syndrome " when red blood cells breakup ( hemolysis ) which may happen with or without kidney failure " pancytopenia " low level of all blood cells ( red and white blood cells and platelets ) shown in blood tests large purple discolourations on the skin ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ) swelling of the face or tongue depression double vision breast pain adrenal glands not working properly this may cause weakness , tiredness , loss of appetite , skin discolouration pituitary gland not working properly this may cause low blood levels of some hormones that affect the function of the male or female sex organs hearing problems not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data pseudoaldosteronism , which results in high blood pressure with a low potassium level ( shown in blood test ) some patients have also reported feeling confused after taking noxafil . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , tepadina can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects of tepadina therapy or the transplant procedure may include - decrease in circulating blood cell counts ( intended effect of the medicine to prepare you for your transplant infusion ) - infection - liver disorders including blocking of a liver vein - the graft attacks your body ( graft versus host disease ) - respiratory complications your doctor will monitor your blood counts and liver enzymes regularly to detect and manage these events . side effects of tepadina may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined as follows : 49 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased susceptibility to infection - whole - body inflammatory state ( sepsis ) - decreased counts of white blood cells , platelets and red blood cells ( anaemia ) - the transplanted cells attack your body ( graft versus host disease ) - dizziness , headache , blurred vision - uncontrolled shaking of the body ( convulsion ) - sensation of tingling , pricking or numbness ( paraesthesia ) - partial loss of movement - cardiac arrest - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth ( mucositis ) - irritated stomach , gullet , intestine - inflammation of the colon - anorexia , decreased appetite - high glucose in the blood - skin rash , itching , shedding - skin colour disorder ( do not confuse with jaundice - see below ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - hair loss - back and abdominal pain , pain - muscle and joint pain - abnormal electrical activity in the heart ( arrhythmia ) - inflammation of lung tissue - enlarged liver - altered organ function - blocking of a liver vein ( veno - occlusive disease , vod ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - hearing impaired - lymphatic obstruction - high blood pressure - increased liver , renal and digestive enzymes - abnormal blood electrolytes - weight gain - fever , general weakness , chills - bleeding ( haemorrhage ) - nasal bleeding - general swelling due to fluid retention ( oedema ) - pain or inflammation at the injection site - eye infection ( conjunctivitis ) - decreased sperm cell count - vaginal bleeding - absence of menstrual periods ( amenorrhea ) - memory loss - delaying in weight and height increase - bladder disfunction - underproduction of testosterone - insufficient production of thyroid hormone - deficient activity of the pituitary gland - confusional state 50 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anxiety , confusion - abnormal bulging outward of one of the arteries in the brain ( intracranial aneurysm ) - creatinine elevated - allergic reactions - occlusion of a blood vessel ( embolism ) - heart rhythm disorder - heart inability - cardiovascular inability - oxygen deficiency - fluid accumulation in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - pulmonary bleeding - respiratory arrest - blood in the urine ( haematuria ) and moderate renal insufficiency - inflammation of the urinary bladder - discomfort in urination and decrease in urine output ( disuria and oliguria ) - increase in the amount of nitrogen components in the blood stream ( bun increase ) - cataract - inability of the liver - cerebral haemorrhage - cough - constipation and upset stomach - obstruction of the bowel - perforation of stomach - changes in muscle tone - gross lack of coordination of muscle movements - bruises due to a low platelet count - menopausal symptoms - cancer ( second primary malignancies ) - abnormal brain function - male and female infertility uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation and exfoliation of the skin ( erythrodermic psoriasis ) - delirium , nervousness , hallucination , agitation - gastrointestinal ulcer - inflammation of the muscular tissue of the heart ( myocarditis ) - abnormal heart condition ( cardiomyopathy ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - increased blood pressure in the arteries ( blood vessels ) of the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - severe skin damage ( e . g . severe lesions , bullae , etc .) potentially involving the full body surface which can be even life - threatening - damage to a component of the brain ( the so called white matter ) which can be even life - threatening ( leukoencephalopathy ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sleepiness - dizziness - nausea ( sickness ) common : - urge to behave in an unusual way - hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) - confusion - tiredness ( fatigue ) - sleeplessness ( insomnia ) - excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) - headache - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - abnormal dreams - constipation - visual impairment - vomiting ( being sick ) - weight loss including decreased appetite uncommon : 98 - paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) - delusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - amnesia ( memory disturbance ) - hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still ) - weight increase - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling )* - inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion * - restlessness - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences . - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive . - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality ) rare : - mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) not known : - after stopping or reducing your oprymea treatment : depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain may occur ( called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome or daws ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 2 , 762 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". if you suffer from restless legs syndrome , you may experience the following side effects : very common : - nausea ( sickness ). common : - changes in sleep pattern , such as sleeplessness ( insomnia ) and sleepiness - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dizziness - vomiting ( being sick ) uncommon : - urge to behave in an unusual way * - cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling )* - inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion * - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) 99 - hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still )* - paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being )* - delusion * - amnesia ( memory disturbance )* - hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) - confusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - weight increase - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss including decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs )* - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences .* - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive .* - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending .* - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited )* - delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* not known : - after stopping or reducing your oprymea treatment : depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain may occur ( called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome or daws ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviors ; he will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . however , it is difficult to distinguish them from frequent complications occurring in premature babies and complications due to the disease . while under treatment with peyona , your newborn may experience some of the following reactions : serious side effects side effects where the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - serious intestinal disease with bloody stools ( necrotising enterocolitis ) the following other side effects may also be considered serious by your baby ' s doctor in the context of the global clinical evaluation . other side effects common reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - local inflammatory reactions at the infusion site - cardiac disorders such as fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - changes of sugar in blood or serum ( hyperglycaemia ) uncommon reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stimulation of central nervous system such as convulsion - cardiac disorders such as irregular heart beat ( arrhythmia ) rare reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions side effects where the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - bloodstream infection ( sepsis ) - changes of sugar in blood or serum ( hypoglycaemia ), failure to grow , feeding intolerance - stimulation of central nervous system such as irritability , nervousness and restlessness ; brain injury - deafness - regurgitation , increase in stomach aspirate - increase of urine flow , increase of certain urine components ( sodium and calcium ) - changes in blood tests ( reduced levels of haemoglobin after prolonged treatment and reduced thyroid hormone at the start of treatment ) reporting of side effects 25 if your newborn gets any side effects , talk to your baby ' s doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
stop taking viekirax and talk to your doctor or get medical help immediately if any of the following occur : side effects when taking viekirax with or without dasabuvir and with or without ribavirin : frequency not known : cannot be estimated based on available data serious allergic reactions , signs may include : o difficulty breathing or swallowing o dizziness or light - headedness , which may be due to low blood pressure o swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat o rash and itching of the skin worsening liver problems . symptoms include : o feel sick ( nauseous ), are sick ( vomit ) or lose your appetite o notice yellowing of your skin or eyes o your urine is darker than normal o confusion o notice swelling of your stomach area like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects . side effects when taking viekirax with dasabuvir : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people itching . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people swelling of the layers of skin which can affect any part of the body including the face , tongue or throat and may cause difficulty swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) side effects when taking viekirax with dasabuvir and ribavirin : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people feeling very tired ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( nausea ) itching trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) feeling weak or lack of energy ( asthenia ) diarrhoea common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people anaemia ( low number of red blood cells ) vomiting uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dehydration rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people swelling of the layers of skin which can affect any part of the body including the face , tongue or throat and may cause difficulty swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) 78 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see section " hyperglycaemia and hypoglycaemia " at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar level falls too low , you may become unconscious . serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , see section " hyperglycaemia and hypoglycaemia " at the end of this leaflet . severe allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include large - scale skin reactions ( rash and itching all over the body ), severe swelling of skin or mucous membranes ( angioedema ), shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure with rapid heartbeat and sweating . severe 35 allergic reactions to insulins may become life - threatening . tell a doctor straight away if you notice signs of severe allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin changes at the injection site if you inject your insulin too often at the same skin site , fatty tissue under the skin at this site may either shrink ( lipoatrophy , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy ). the insulin may not work very well . change the injection site with each injection to help prevent these skin changes . skin and allergic reactions at the injection site these signs may include reddening , unusually intense pain when injecting , itching , hives , swelling or inflammation . this can spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually disappear in a few days to a few weeks . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye reactions a marked change ( improvement or worsening ) in your blood sugar control can disturb your vision temporarily . if you have proliferative retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes ) severe hypoglycaemic attacks may cause temporary loss of vision . general disorders in rare cases , insulin treatment may also cause temporary build - up of water in the body , with swelling in the calves and ankles . very rare side - effects ( may affect up to1 in 10 , 000 people ) in very rare cases , dysgeusia ( taste disorders ) and myalgia ( muscular pain ) can occur . use in children and adolescents in general , the side effects in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . complaints of injection site reactions ( injection site reaction , injection site pain ) and skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ) are reported relatively more frequently in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less than in adults . there is no experience in children under 2 years . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you are not sure what the side effects below are , ask your doctor to explain them to you . the most serious side effects seen in patients receiving asfotase alfa have been allergic reactions including life threatening allergic reactions requiring medical treatment similar to anaphylaxis . this side effect is common [ may affect up to 1 in 10 people ]). patients who experienced these serious allergic reactions had difficulty breathing , choking sensation , nausea , swelling around the eyes , and dizziness . the reactions occurred within minutes after using asfotase alfa and can occur in patients who were using asfotase alfa for more than one year . if you experience any of these symptoms , discontinue strensiq and seek medical help immediately . additionally , other allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may appear as redness ( erythema ), fever ( pyrexia ), rash , itchiness ( pruritis ), irritability , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), pain , chills ( rigor ), numbness of the mouth ( hypoaesthesia oral ), headache , blushing ( flushing ), fast beating 36 of the heart ( tachycardia ), and cough may occur commonly . if you experience any of these symptoms , discontinue strensiq and seek medical help immediately . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people reactions at the injection site during the injection of the medicine or during the hours following the injection ( which can lead to redness , discolorations , itching , pain , fatty lumps or decreased fatty tissue on the surface of the skin , skin hypopigmentation , and / or swelling ) fever ( pyrexia ) irritability skin redness ( erythema ) pain in hands and feet ( pain in extremity ) bruise ( contusion ) headache common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people stretched skin , skin discolouration feeling sick ( nausea ) numbness of the mouth ( hypoaesthesia oral ) aching muscles ( myalgia ) scar increased tendency to bruise hot flush infection of skin at injection site ( injection site cellulitis ) reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) kidney stones ( nephrolithiasis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); blistering and peeling of the top layer 78 of skin ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) or of unknown frequency ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however it can not be ruled out for actelsar hct . possible side effects of actelsar hct : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased blood potassium levels , anxiety , fainting ( syncope ), sensation of tingling , pins and needles ( paraesthesia ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), heart rhythm disorders , low blood pressure , a sudden fall in blood pressure when you stand up , shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ), diarrhoea , dry mouth , flatulence , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle pain , erectile dysfunction ( inability to get or keep an erection ), chest pain , increased blood uric acid levels . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): inflammation of the lungs ( bronchitis ), activation or worsening of systemic lupus erythematosus ( a disease where the body ' s immune system attacks the body , which causes joint pain , skin rashes and fever ); sore throat , inflamed sinuses , feeling sad ( depression ), difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), impaired vision , difficulty breathing , abdominal pain , constipation , bloating ( dyspepsia ), feeling sick ( vomiting ), inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abnormal liver function ( japanese patients are more likely to experience this side effect ), redness of the skin ( erythema ), allergic reactions such as itching or rash , increased sweating , hives ( urticaria ), joint pain ( arthralgia ) and pain in extremities , muscle cramps , flu - like - illness , pain , low levels of sodium , increased levels of creatinine , hepatic enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . adverse reactions reported with one of the individual components may be potential adverse reactions with actelsar hct , even if not observed in clinical trials with this product . telmisartan in patients taking telmisartan alone the following additional side effects have been reported : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), urinary tract infections , deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , weakness , cough . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), serious allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction , drug rash ), low blood sugar levels ( in diabetic patients ), upset stomach , eczema ( a skin disorder ), arthrosis , inflammation of the tendons , decreased haemoglobin ( a blood protein ), somnolence . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )** * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of telmisartan . however , it is not known whether telmisartan was the cause . hydrochlorothiazide in patients taking hydrochlorothiazide alone the following additional side effects have been reported : 79 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), low blood magnesium level . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( small purple - red marks in skin or other tissue caused by bleeding ), high blood calcium level , headache . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): increased ph ( disturbed acid - base balance ) due to low blood chloride level . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the salivary gland , skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ), decreases in the number ( or even lack ) of cells in the blood , including low red and white blood cell count , serious allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction ), decreased or loss of appetite , restlessness , light - headedness , blurred or yellowing of vision , decrease in vision and eye pain ( possible signs of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the eye ( choroidal effusion ) or acute myopia or acute - angle closure glaucoma ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis necrotising ), inflamed pancreas , upset stomach , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), lupus - like syndrome ( a condition mimicking a disease called systemic lupus erythematosus where the body ' s immune system attacks the body ); skin disorders such as inflamed blood vessels in the skin , increased sensitivity to sunlight , rash , redness of the skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( possible signs of erythema multiforme ), weakness , kidney inflammation or impaired kidney function , glucose in the urine ( glycosuria ), fever , impaired electrolyte balance , high blood cholesterol levels , decreased blood volume , increased blood levels of glucose , difficulties in controlling blood / urine levels of glucose in patients with a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus , or fat in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than one in 10 people ): loss of appetite , weight loss ( especially when combined with the antiepileptic medicine sodium valproate ); insomnia ( sleeplessness ), drowsiness ; ataxia ( inability to coordinate muscle movements ), hypotonia ( low muscle strength ), dystonia ( involuntary muscle contractions ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): raised levels of liver enzymes , especially when given with either of the antiepileptic medicines carbamazepine and sodium valproate ; aggressiveness , irritability , agitation , hyperexcitability ( state of being unusually excitable ); sleep disorders ( abnormal sleeping ); hyperkinesis ( exaggerated movements ); nausea , vomiting ; a low number of a type of white blood cells . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): double vision when used in combination with the antiepileptic medicine carbamazepine ; sensitivity to light ; rash , skin allergy , urticaria ( pinkish , itchy swellings on the skin ); fatigue ( tiredness ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decrease of platelet level in the blood ; abnormal liver function test . to eliminate these side effects , your child ' s doctor may have to change the dose of diacomit or one of the other medicines prescribed for your child . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your child ' s doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 4 months after the last humira injection . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following severe rash , hives or other signs of allergic reaction swollen face , hands , feet trouble breathing , swallowing shortness of breath with physical activity or upon lying down or swelling of the feet tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination feeling weak or tired coughing tingling numbness double vision arm or leg weakness a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness the symptoms described above can be signs of the below listed side effects , which have been observed with humira . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) headache abdominal pain nausea and vomiting rash musculoskeletal pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious infections ( including blood poisoning and influenza ) intestinal infections ( including gastroenteritis ) skin infections ( including cellulitis and shingles ) ear infections oral infections ( including tooth infections and cold sores ) reproductive tract infections urinary tract infection fungal infections joint infections benign tumours skin cancer allergic reactions ( including seasonal allergy ) dehydration mood swings ( including depression ) anxiety difficulty sleeping 338 sensation disorders such as tingling , prickling or numbness migraine nerve root compression ( including low back pain and leg pain ) vision disturbances eye inflammation inflammation of the eye lid and eye swelling vertigo ( feeling of dizziness or spinning ) sensation of heart beating rapidly high blood pressure flushing haematoma ( collection of blood outside of blood vessels ) cough asthma shortness of breath gastrointestinal bleeding dyspepsia ( indigestion , bloating , heart burn ) acid reflux disease sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ) itching itchy rash bruising inflammation of the skin ( such as eczema ) breaking of finger nails and toe nails increased sweating hair loss new onset or worsening of psoriasis muscle spasms blood in urine kidney problems chest pain oedema ( swelling ) fever reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising impaired healing uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) opportunistic infections ( which include tuberculosis and other infections that occur when resistance to disease is lowered ) neurological infections ( including viral meningitis ) eye infections bacterial infections diverticulitis ( inflammation and infection of the large intestine ) cancer cancer that affects the lymph system melanoma immune disorders that could affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( most commonly presenting as sarcoidosis ) vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) tremor ( shaking ) 339 neuropathy ( disorder of the nerves ) stroke hearing loss , buzzing sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats heart problems that can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling heart attack a sac in the wall of a major artery , inflammation and clot of a vein , blockage of a blood vessel lung diseases causing shortness of breath ( including inflammation ) pulmonary embolism ( blockage in an artery of the lung ) pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the pleural space ) inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back difficulty in swallowing facial oedema ( swelling of the face ) gallbladder inflammation , gallbladder stones fatty liver night sweats scar abnormal muscle breakdown systemic lupus erythematosus ( including inflammation of skin , heart , lung , joints and other organ systems ) sleep interruptions impotence inflammations rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ) severe allergic reaction with shock multiple sclerosis nerve disorders ( such as eye nerve inflammation and guillain - barré syndrome that may cause muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms and upper body ) heart stops pumping pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ) intestinal perforation ( hole in the intestine ) hepatitis reactivation of hepatitis b autoimmune hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ) cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( early symptoms include malaise , fever , headache and rash ) facial oedema ( swelling of the face ) associated with allergic reactions erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash ) lupus - like syndrome angioedema ( localized swelling of the skin ) lichenoid skin reaction ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ( a rare blood cancer that is often fatal ) merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ) 340 kaposi ' s sarcoma , a rare cancer related to infection with human herpes virus 8 . kaposi ' s sarcoma most commonly appears as purple lesions on the skin liver failure worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ) some side effects observed with humira may not have symptoms and may only be discovered through blood tests . these include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells low blood measurements for red blood cells increased lipids in the blood elevated liver enzymes common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood measurements for white blood cells low blood measurements for platelets increased uric acid in the blood abnormal blood measurements for sodium low blood measurements for calcium low blood measurements for phosphate high blood sugar high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase autoantibodies present in the blood low blood potassium uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) elevated bilirubin measurement ( liver blood test ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse or get medical help immediately if you have any of the following symptoms after starting poteligeo : - chills , nausea or vomiting , headache , wheezing , itching , flushing , rash , dizziness or feeling faint , difficulty breathing and fever , which may be signs of an infusion reaction . if this happens , the infusion may need to be stopped and you may require additional treatment . when the symptoms go away , poteligeo can normally continue to be given , but more slowly . your doctor may stop poteligeo treatment if your reaction is severe . - signs of infection , which may include a fever , sweats or chills , flu - like symptoms , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , cough , shortness of breath , stomach pain , nausea or vomiting , diarrhoea and feeling very unwell . - skin pain , itching , skin blisters , skin rash or sore mouth , which are possible signs that you may be developing a severe skin reaction , such as stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis . - chest pain , shortness of breath , fast or slow heartbeat , sweating , dizziness , nausea or vomiting , weakness , feeling faint and feeling unwell . although unlikely to be caused by this medicine , these may be signs of a heart disorder . - fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , confusion , shortness of breath , seizures , irregular heartbeat , dark or cloudy urine , unusual tiredness and / or muscle or joint pain . the destruction of cancer cells and the body ' s reaction to it can very occasionally lead to a problem called tumour lysis syndrome . - if you go on to have a stem cell transplant , it is possible that you could then develop complications ( graft versus host disease ) that are difficult to manage . symptoms may include skin rashes or blistering , nausea or diarrhoea that doesn ' t go away , stomach pain or vomiting , joint pain or stiffness , dry or irritated eyes or blurred vision , mouth sores , irritation or pain , a cough that does not go away or difficulty breathing , sensitive genitals , jaundice ( turning yellow ), dark urine , and any swelling . other side effects talk to your doctor if you get any other side effects . these can include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - constipation - swollen legs or ankles - headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - anaemia ( reduced red blood cells ) - reduced blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - reduced white blood cells ( neutropenia and leucopenia ) or reduced lymphocytes - blood tests showing raised liver enzyme levels - underactive thyroid uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 27 appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking irbesartan and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with irbesartan were : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you suffer from high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , blood tests may show an increased level of potassium . - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick / vomiting , and fatigue and blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine kinase enzyme ). in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with renal disease , dizziness when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in joints or muscles and decreased levels of a protein in the red blood cells ( haemoglobin ) were also reported . - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heart rate increased , flushing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion / heartburn , sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ), chest pain . some undesirable effects have been reported since marketing of irbesartan . undesirable effects where the frequency is not known are : feeling of spinning , headache , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , muscle cramps , pain in joints and muscles , reduced number of platelets , abnormal liver function , increased blood potassium levels , impaired renal function , inflammation of small blood vessels mainly affecting the skin ( a condition known as leukocytoclastic vasculitis ) and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with chest or abdominal pain , persistent low blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : brilique affects blood clotting , so most side effects are related to bleeding . bleeding may occur in any part of the body . some bleeding is common ( like bruising and nosebleeds ). severe bleeding is uncommon but can be life threatening . see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following you may need urgent medical treatment : bleeding into the brain or inside the skull is an uncommon side effect , and may cause signs of a stroke such as : - sudden numbness or weakness of your arm , leg or face , especially if only on one side of the body - sudden confusion , difficulty speaking or understanding others - sudden difficulty in walking or loss of balance or co - ordination 94 - suddenly feeling dizzy or sudden severe headache with no known cause signs of bleeding such as : - bleeding that is severe or that you cannot control - unexpected bleeding or bleeding that lasts a long time - pink , red or brown urine - vomiting red blood or your vomit looks like ' coffee grounds ' - red or black stools ( look like tar ) - coughing up or vomiting blood clots fainting ( syncope ) - a temporary loss of consciousness due to sudden drop in blood flow to the brain ( common ) signs of a blood clotting problem called thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ( ttp ) such as : - fever and purplish spots ( called purpura ) on the skin or in the mouth , with or without yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), unexplained extreme tiredness or confusion discuss with your doctor if you notice any of the following : feeling short of breath - this is very common . it might be due to your heart disease or another cause , or it might be a side effect of brilique . brilique - related breathlessness is generally mild and characterised as a sudden , unexpected hunger for air usually occurring at rest and may appear in the first weeks of therapy and for many may disappear . if your feeling of shortness of breath gets worse or lasts a long time , tell your doctor . your doctor will decide if it needs treatment or further investigations . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) high level of uric acid in your blood ( as seen in tests ) bleeding caused by blood disorders common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bruising headache feeling dizzy or like the room is spinning diarrhoea or indigestion feeling sick ( nausea ) constipation rash itching severe pain and swelling in your joints these are signs of gout feeling dizzy or light - headed , or having blurred vision these are signs of low blood pressure nosebleed bleeding after surgery or from cuts ( for example while shaving ) and wounds more than is normal bleeding from your stomach lining ( ulcer ) bleeding gums uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) 95 allergic reaction a rash , itching or a swollen face or swollen lips / tongue may be signs of an allergic reaction confusion visual problems caused by blood in your eye vaginal bleeding that is heavier , or happens at different times , than your normal period ( menstrual ) bleeding bleeding into your joints and muscles causing painful swelling blood in your ear internal bleeding , this may cause dizziness or light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diabetes mellitus , difficulty sleeping , feeling anxious , feeling restless and unable to keep still , difficulty sitting still , akathisia ( an uncomfortable feeling of inner restlessness and a compelling need to move constantly ), uncontrollable twitching , jerking or writhing movements , trembling , headache , tiredness , sleepiness , light - headedness , shaking and blurred vision , 111 decreased number of or difficulty making bowel movements , indigestion , feeling sick , more saliva in mouth than normal , vomiting , feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood levels of the hormone prolactin , too much sugar in the blood , depression , altered or increased sexual interest , uncontrollable movements of mouth , tongue and limbs ( tardive dyskinesia ), muscle disorder causing twisting movements ( dystonia ), restless legs , double vision , eye sensitivity to light , fast heartbeat , a fall in blood pressure on standing up which causes dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , hiccups . the following side effects have been reported since the marketing of oral aripiprazole but the frequency for them to occur is not known : low levels of white blood cells , low levels of blood platelets , allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue , face and throat , itching , hives ), onset or worsening of diabetes , ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma , high blood sugar , not enough sodium in the blood , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), weight loss , weight gain , thoughts of suicide , suicide attempt and suicide , feeling aggressive , agitation , nervousness , combination of fever , muscle stiffness , faster breathing , sweating , reduced consciousness and sudden changes in blood pressure and heart rate , fainting ( neuroleptic malignant syndrome ), seizure , serotonin syndrome ( a reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), speech disorder , fixation of the eyeballs in one position , sudden unexplained death , life - threatening irregular heartbeat , heart attack , slower heartbeat , blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing ( if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately ), high blood pressure , fainting , accidental inhalation of food with risk of pneumonia ( lung infection ), spasm of the muscles around the voice box , inflammation of the pancreas , 112 difficulty swallowing , diarrhoea , abdominal discomfort , stomach discomfort , liver failure , inflammation of the liver , yellowing of the skin and white part of eyes , reports of abnormal liver tests values , skin rash , skin sensitivity to light , baldness , excessive sweating , serious allergic reactions such as drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ), abnormal muscle breakdown which can lead to kidney problems , muscle pain , stiffness , involuntary loss of urine ( incontinence ), difficulty in passing urine , withdrawal symptoms in newborn babies in case of exposure during pregnancy , prolonged and / or painful erection , difficulty controlling core body temperature or overheating , chest pain , swelling of hands , ankles or feet , in blood tests : increased or fluctuating blood sugar , increased glycosylated haemoglobin . inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ) - a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . in elderly patients with dementia , more fatal cases have been reported while taking aripiprazole . in addition , cases of stroke or " mini " stroke have been reported . additional side effects in children and adolescents adolescents aged 13 years and older experienced side effects that were similar in frequency and type to those in adults except that sleepiness , uncontrollable twitching or jerking movements , restlessness , and tiredness were very common ( greater than 1 in 10 patients ) and upper abdominal pain , dry mouth , increased heart rate , weight gain , increased appetite , muscle twitching , uncontrolled movements of the limbs , and feeling dizzy , especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position , were common ( greater than 1 in 100 patients ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects observed in clinical studies with zynteglo are related to mobilisation and blood stem cell collection or to the chemotherapy medicine used to prepare your bone marrow for treatment with zynteglo . you should discuss possible side effects due to the mobilisation medicines and chemotherapy medicine with your doctor . you should also read the package leaflets for these medicines . mobilisation and blood stem cell collection most of these side effects occur during or within a few days after mobilisation and blood stem cell collection but can occur later . tell your doctor immediately if side effects become severe or serious . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low level of blood platelets , which may reduce the ability of blood to clot bone pain numbness and pain in hands and feet feeling sick ( nausea ) headache low blood calcium level common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bleeding low oxygen level in blood low blood pressure abdominal pain back pain bone or muscle pain chest pain or discomfort other pain agitation abnormal blood test results ( decrease in magnesium and potassium , too much citrate , or increase in white blood cells ) abnormal heart rhythm bruising , bleeding or pain from catheter or injection site injection site reaction bruising dizziness , tiredness head discomfort excessive sweating 37 flu like illness lip swelling tingling or numbness of the hands , feet , or mouth fever rash enlarged spleen which may result in pain in your upper left belly or left shoulder vomiting chemotherapy medicine tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following side effects after receiving chemotherapy medicine . they usually happen within the first few days and several weeks after receiving chemotherapy medicine , but can also develop much later . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain in the right upper abdomen under the ribs , yellowing of eyes or skin , rapid weight gain , swelling of arms , legs and abdomen , and trouble breathing . these may be signs of a serious liver condition called veno - occlusive disease . prolonged bleeding or bleeding without injury such as nosebleeds , bleeding from gums , or vaginal bleeding . other possible side effects tell your doctor immediately if side effects become severe or serious . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of red and white blood cells , sometimes with a fever increase of certain enzymes in the blood which may indicate a problem with your liver a low level of blood platelets , which may reduce the ability of blood to clot unusual hair loss or thinning stomach pain , constipation , diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) fever soreness of the mouth inflammation of the throat dark patches on skin soreness of the rectum area trouble sleeping decreased appetite headache tiredness itchy skin soreness and swelling of the digestive tract lining which runs from the mouth to the anus common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) life - threatening inflammatory response to an infection along with low white blood cell count heart failure infections which may make you feel warm , chilly , or sweaty mass in the lungs enlarged abdomen enlarged liver difficulty breathing abdominal pain bleeding or bruising blood in urine yellowing of eyes or skin 38 small tear in tissue that lines the anus dizziness , or sensation of feeling off balance or like the room is spinning memory problems anxiety positive test for aspergillus ( lung disease caused by fungus ) changes and abnormalities in heart rhythm pain , including in back , bone , skin , limbs , anus , or muscles vaginal yeast infection heartburn inflammation of the gallbladder gallstones cough abnormal sense of taste or loss of taste difficulty swallowing swelling of the face feeling cold excess water in the body inflammation or infection of hair follicles decrease in speed of air leaving your lungs stomach discomfort with nausea and vomiting inflammation in the digestive tract gum disease piles ( haemorrhoids ) hiccups low blood pressure low body temperature low oxygen level in blood pain in mouth , throat or larynx ( voice box ) lack of energy irregular menstruation loss of function or decreased function of your ovaries or testes premature menopause spots on skin from bleeding under the skin skin that is discoloured , blotchy , or darker or lighter than normal fluid in or around the lung hot flush increased frequency of urination dry , itchy skin dry lips rash sometimes with lesions or pus inflamed skin lesions skin abrasion / scrape sweat gland disorder transfusion reaction weight decreased abnormal liver tests increased concentration of haemoglobin in cells changes in magnesium , calcium , potassium , phosphate , albumin , protein , sodium in blood increase in blood test for inflammation excess acid in the body not removed by the kidneys increase or decrease in white blood cells low number of immature ( not fully developed ) red blood cells increase in female hormones decreased testosterone 39 zynteglo most side effects occur during or within a few days after treatment with zynteglo but can occur later . tell your doctor immediately if side effects become severe or serious . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low level of blood platelets , which may reduce the ability of blood to clot low level of white blood cells shortness of breath chest pain not due to a heart problem flushing ( redness and warmth of skin ) pain in legs reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle cramping , muscle weakness - confusion , visual loss or disturbances , blindness , seizures , headaches - shortness of breath , swelling of your feet or changes in your heart beat , high blood pressure , tiredness , fainting - coughing and breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest . treatment with bortezomib sun can very commonly cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . therefore , you will have to take regular blood tests before and during your treatment with bortezomib sun , to check your blood cell counts regularly . you may experience a reduction in the number of : - platelets , which may make you be more prone to bruising , or to bleeding without obvious injury ( e . g ., bleeding from your bowels , stomach , mouth and gum or bleeding in the brain or bleeding from the liver ) - red blood cells , which can cause anaemia , with symptoms such as tiredness and paleness - white blood cells may make you more prone to infections or flu - like symptoms . multiple myeloma if you are given bortezomib sun for the treatment of multiple myeloma the side effects you may get are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sensitivity , numbness , tingling or burning sensation of the skin , or pain in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage - reduction in the number of red blood cells and / or white blood cells ( see above ) - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , loss of appetite - constipation with or without bloating ( can be severe ) - diarrhoea : if this happens , it is important that you drink more water than usual . your doctor may give you another medicine to control diarrhoea - tiredness ( fatigue ), feeling weak - muscle pain , bone pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing which may lead to fainting - high blood pressure - reduced functioning of your kidneys - headache - general ill feeling , pain , vertigo , light - headedness , a feeling of weakness or loss of consciousness - shivering - infections , including pneumonia , respiratory infections , bronchitis , fungal infections , coughing with phlegm , flu like illness - shingles ( localised including around the eyes or spread across the body ) - chest pains or shortness of breath with exercise - different types of rash - itching of the skin , lumps on the skin or dry skin - facial blushing or tiny broken capillaries - redness of the skin - dehydration - heartburn , bloating , belching , wind , stomach pain , bleeding from your bowels or stomach - alteration of liver functioning - a sore mouth or lip , dry mouth , mouth ulcers or throat pain - weight loss , loss of taste - muscle cramps , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , pain in your limbs - blurred vision - infection of the outermost layer of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelids ( conjunctivitis ) - nose bleeds - difficulty or problems in sleeping , sweating , anxiety , mood swings , depressed mood , restlessness or agitation , changes in your mental status , disorientation 53 - swelling of body , to include around eyes and other parts of the body . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart failure , heart attack , chest pain , chest discomfort , increased or reduced heart rate - failing of your kidneys - inflammation of a vein , blood clots in your veins and lungs - problems with blood clotting - insufficient circulation - inflammation of the lining around your heart or fluid around your heart - infections including urinary tract infections , the flu , herpes virus infections , ear infection and cellulitis - bloody stools , or bleeding from mucosal membranes , e . g ., mouth , vagina - cerebrovascular disorders - paralysis , seizures , falling , movement disorders , abnormal or change in , or reduced sensation ( feeling , hearing , tasting , smelling ), attention disturbance , trembling , twitching - arthritis , including inflammation of the joints in the fingers , toes , and the jaw - disorders that affect your lungs , preventing your body from getting enough oxygen . some of these include difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , breathing that becomes shallow , difficult or stops , wheezing - hiccups , speech disorders - increased or decreased urine production ( due to kidney damage ), painful passing of urine or blood / proteins in the urine , fluid retention - altered levels of consciousness , confusion , memory impairment or loss - hypersensitivity - hearing loss , deafness or ringing in the ears , ear discomfort - hormone abnormality which may affect salt and water absorption - overactive thyroid gland - inability to produce enough insulin or resistance to normal levels of insulin - irritated or inflamed eyes , excessively wet eyes , painful eyes , dry eyes , eye infections , lump in the eyelid ( chalazion ), red and swollen eyelids , discharge from the eyes , abnormal vision , bleeding of the eye - swelling of your lymph glands - joint or muscle stiffness , sense of heaviness , pain in your groin - hair loss and abnormal hair texture - allergic reactions - redness or pain at the injection site - mouth pain - infections or inflammation of the mouth , mouth ulcers , oesophagus , stomach and intestines , sometimes associated with pain or bleeding , poor movement of the intestines ( including blockage ), abdominal or oesophageal discomfort , difficulty swallowing , vomiting of blood - skin infections - bacterial and viral infections - tooth infection - inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of the bile duct - genital pain , problem having an erection - weight increase - thirst - hepatitis - injection site or injection device related disorders - skin reactions and disorders ( which may be severe and life threatening ), skin ulcers - bruises , falls and injuries - inflammation or haemorrhage of the blood vessels that can appear as small red or purple dots ( usually on the legs ) to large bruise - like patches under the skin or tissue - benign cysts 54 - a severe reversible brain condition which includes seizures , high blood pressure , headaches , tiredness , confusion , blindness or other vision problems . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - heart problems to include heart attack , angina - flushing - discoloration of the veins - inflammation of the spinal nerve - problems with your ear , bleeding from your ear - underactivity of your thyroid gland - buddchiari syndrome ( the clinical symptoms caused by blockage of the hepatic veins ) - changes in or abnormal bowel function - bleeding in the brain - yellow discolouration of eyes and skin ( jaundice ) - serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest tightness , and / or feeling dizzy / faint , severe itching of the skin or raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse - breast disorders - vaginal tears - genital swelling - inability to tolerate alcohol consumption - wasting , or loss of body mass - increased appetite - fistula - joint effusion - cysts in the lining of joints ( synovial cysts ) - fracture - breakdown of muscle fibers leading to other complications - swelling of the liver , bleeding from the liver - cancer of the kidney - psoriasis like skin condition - cancer of the skin - paleness of the skin - increase of platelets or plasma cells ( a type of white cell ) in the blood - blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) - abnormal reaction to blood transfusions - partial or total loss of vision - decreased sex drive - drooling - bulging eyes - sensitivity to light - rapid breathing - rectal pain - gallstones - hernia - injuries - brittle or weak nails - abnormal protein deposits in your vital organs - coma - intestinal ulcers - multi - organ failure - death . mantle cell lymphoma if you are given bortezomib sun together with other medicines for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma the side effects you may get are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pneumonia - loss of appetite - sensitivity , numbness , tingling or burning sensation of the skin , or pain in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage - nausea and vomiting - diarrhoea - mouth ulcers - constipation - muscle pain , bone pain - hair loss and abnormal hair texture - tiredness , feeling weak - fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - shingles ( localized including around the eyes or spread across the body ) - herpes virus infections - bacterial and viral infections - respiratory infections , bronchitis , coughing with phlegm , flu like illness - fungal infections - hypersensitivity ( allergic reaction ) - inability to produce enough insulin or resistance to normal levels of insulin - fluid retention - difficulty or problems in sleeping - loss of consciousness - altered level of consciousness , confusion - feeling dizzy - increased heartbeat , high blood pressure , sweating - abnormal vision , blurred vision - heart failure , heart attack , chest pain , chest discomfort , increased or reduced heart rate - high or low blood pressure - sudden fall of blood pressure upon standing which may lead to fainting - shortness of breath with exercise - cough - hiccups - ringing in the ears , ear discomfort - bleeding from your bowels or stomach - heartburn - stomach pain , bloating - difficulty swallowing - infection or inflammation of the stomach and intestines - stomach pain - sore mouth or lip , throat pain - alteration of liver function - itching of skin - redness of skin - rash - muscle spasms - infection of the urinary tract - pain in limbs 56 - swelling of body , to include eyes and other parts of the body - shivering - redness and pain at injection site - general ill feeling - weight loss - weight increase . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hepatitis - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest tightness , and / or feeling dizzy / faint , severe itching of the skin or raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse - movement disorders , paralysis , twitching - vertigo - hearing loss , deafness - disorders that affect your lungs , preventing your body from getting enough oxygen . some of these include difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , breathing that becomes shallow , difficult or stops , wheezing - blood clots in your lungs - yellow discoloration of the eyes and skin ( jaundice ) - lump in the eyelid ( chalazion ), red and swollen eyelids . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , vistide can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these side effects usually disappear when treatment with vistide is stopped . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately . the most common side effect observed with vistide is damage to the kidneys . very common side effects ( these can affect more than 1 user in 10 ) low white blood cell counts , headache , nausea , vomiting , protein in the urine , increase in blood creatinine ( a measure of kidney function ), hair loss , rash , weakness / fatigue and fever . common side effects ( these can affect 1 to 10 users in 100 ) inflammation of the eye , reduced pressure in the eyes , difficult or laboured breathing , shortness of breath , diarrhoea and chills . any pain , redness or itching of the eye or changes in your vision should be promptly reported to your doctor so that your treatment can be reviewed . additional reactions reported from post - marketing experience include kidney failure , damage to kidney tubule cells , inflammation of the pancreas and hearing impairment . possible side effects of taking probenecid very common side effects possibly related to probenecid ( these can affect more than 1 user in 10 ) nausea , vomiting , rash and fever . common side effects possibly related to probenecid ( these can affect 1 to 10 users in 100 ) headache , weakness / fatigue , chills and allergic reactions . to reduce the risk of nausea and / or vomiting associated with taking probenecid , you should eat food before each dose . your doctor might instruct you to take other medicines such as anti - emetics ( anti sickness medicines ), antihistamines and / or paracetamol to decrease the side effects of probenecid . probenecid may also cause other side effects including loss of appetite , sore gums , flushing , hair loss , dizziness , reduced red blood cell count and increased frequency of passing water ( urinating ). allergic reactions , with skin inflammation , itching , hives and , rarely , severe allergic reactions , and serious skin reaction have occurred . there have been reports of reduced white blood counts , liver toxicity , kidney toxicity and destruction of red blood cells . reductions in blood cell and platelet counts have also occurred . therefore before giving you probenecid your doctor should consult the current prescribing information regarding the safety of probenecid . you should also read the probenecid package leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . many of the side effects listed below may also be caused by influenza . the following serious side effects have been rarely reported since oseltamivir has been marketed : anaphylactic and anaphylactoid reactions : severe allergic reactions , with face and skin swelling , itchy rashes , low blood pressure and breathing difficulties hepatic disorders ( fulminant hepatitis , hepatic function disorder and jaundice ): yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes , change in stool color , changes in behaviour angioneurotic oedema : sudden onset of severe swelling of the skin mainly around the head and neck area , including eyes and tongue , with difficulties breathing stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : complicated , possibly life - threatening allergic reaction , severe inflammation of the outer and possibly inner skin , initially with fever , sore throat , and fatigue , skin rashes , leading to blisters , peeling , shedding of larger areas of skin , possible breathing difficulties and low blood pressure gastrointestinal bleeding : prolonged bleeding from the large bowel or spitting up blood neuropsychiatric disorders , as described below . if you notice any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . the most frequently ( very common and common ) reported side effects of ebilfumin are feeling or being sick ( nausea , vomiting ), stomach ache , stomach upset , headache and pain . these side effects mostly occur after the first dose of the medicine and will usually stop as treatment continues . the frequency of these effects is reduced if the medicinal product is taken with food . rare but serious effects : get medical help at once ( these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) during oseltamivir treatment , rare events have been reported that include convulsions and delirium , including altered level of consciousness confusion , abnormal behaviour delusions , hallucinations , agitation , anxiety , nightmares these are reported primarily among children and adolescents and often started suddenly and resolved rapidly . a few cases resulted in self - injury , some with fatal outcome . such neuropsychiatric events have also been reported in patients with influenza who were not taking oseltamivir . patients , especially children and adolescents , should be closely monitored for the behavioural changes described above . if you notice any of these symptoms , especially in younger people , get medical help immediately . adults and adolescents 13 and over very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis cold sore virus cough dizziness fever pain pain in limb runny nose sleeping difficulties sore throat stomach ache tiredness upper abdominal fullness upper respiratory tract infections ( inflammation of the nose , throat and sinuses ) upset stomach vomiting . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions altered level of consciousness convulsion heart rhythm abnormalities mild to severe liver function disorders skin reactions ( inflammation of the skin , red and itchy rash , scaling skin ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) thrombocytopenia ( low platelet count ) visual disturbances . children 1 to 12 years very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) cough nasal congestion vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) conjunctivitis ( red eyes and discharge or pain in the eye ) ear inflammation and other ear disorders headache nausea 46 runny nose stomach ache upper abdominal fullness upset stomach . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the skin tympanic membrane ( eardrum ) disorder . infants less than 1 year the reported side effects in infants 0 to 12 months old are mostly similar to the side effects reported for older children ( 1 year old or older ). additionally , diarrhoea and nappy rash have been reported . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . however , if you or your child are repeatedly sick , or if the influenza symptoms get worse or the fever continues tell your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . systemic allergy is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). the symptoms are as follows : rash over the whole body blood pressure dropping difficulty in breathing heart beating fast wheezing sweating if you think you are having this sort of insulin allergy with insulin lispro sanofi , tell your doctor at once . local allergy is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). some people get redness , swelling or itching around the area of the insulin injection . this usually clears up in anything from a few days to a few weeks . if this happens to you , tell your doctor . lipodystrophy ( thickening or pitting of the skin ) is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you notice your skin thickening or pitting at the injection site , tell your doctor . oedema ( e . g . swelling in arms , ankles ; fluid retention ) has been reported , particularly at the start of insulin therapy or during a change in therapy to improve control of your blood glucose . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common problems of diabetes hypoglycaemia hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) means there is not enough sugar in the blood . this can be caused if : you inject too much insulin lispro sanofi or other insulin ; you miss or delay meals or change your diet ; you exercise or work too hard just before or after a meal ; you have an infection or illness ( especially diarrhoea or vomiting ); there is a change in your need for insulin ; or you have trouble with your kidneys or liver which gets worse . alcohol and some medicines can affect your blood sugar levels ( see section 2 ). the first symptoms of low blood sugar usually come on quickly and include the following : tiredness rapid heartbeat nervousness or shakiness feeling sick headache cold sweat while you are not confident about recognising your warning symptoms , avoid situations , e . g . driving a car , in which you or others would be put at risk by hypoglycaemia . hyperglycaemia and diabetic ketoacidosis hyperglycaemia ( too much sugar in the blood ) means that your body does not have enough insulin . hyperglycaemia can be brought about by : not using your insulin lispro sanofi or other insulin ; using less insulin than your doctor tells you to ; eating a lot more than your diet allows ; or fever , infection or emotional stress . hyperglycaemia can lead to diabetic ketoacidosis . the first symptoms come on slowly over many hours or days . the symptoms include the following : feeling sleepy no appetite flushed face fruity smell on the breath thirst feeling or being sick severe symptoms are heavy breathing and a rapid pulse . get medical help immediately . illness if you are ill , especially if you feel sick or are sick , the amount of insulin you need may change . even when you are not eating normally , you still need insulin . test your urine or blood , follow your ' sick rules ', and tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . some side effects could be serious . you should immediately contact your doctor if you experience any of the following serious side effects ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take xalkori "): liver failure tell your doctor right away if you feel more tired than usual , your skin and whites of your eyes turn yellow , your urine turns dark or brown ( tea colour ), you have nausea , vomiting , or decreased appetite , you have pain on the right side of your stomach , you have itching , or if you bruise more easily than usual . your doctor may do blood tests to check your liver function , and if the results are abnormal , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of xalkori or stop your treatment . lung inflammation tell your doctor right away if you experience difficulty in breathing , especially if associated with cough or fever . reduction in the number of white blood cells ( including neutrophils ) tell your doctor right away if you experience fever or infection . your doctor may do blood tests and if the results are abnormal , your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of xalkori . light - headedness , fainting , or chest discomfort tell your doctor right away if you experience these symptoms which could be signs of changes in the electrical activity ( seen on electrocardiogram ) or abnormal rhythm of the heart . your doctor may perform electrocardiograms to check there are no problems with your heart during treatment with xalkori . partial or complete loss of vision in one or both eyes tell your doctor right away if you experience any loss of vision or any change in vision such as difficulty seeing out of one or both eyes . your doctor may stop xalkori treatment and refer you to an ophthalmologist . other side effects of xalkori may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) visual effects ( seeing flashes of light , blurred vision , or double vision , often beginning soon after starting treatment with xalkori ). stomach upset , including vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea . oedema ( excess fluid in body tissue , causing swelling of the hands and feet ). constipation . abnormalities in liver blood tests . decreased appetite . tiredness . dizziness . neuropathy ( feeling of numbness or pins and needles in the joints or extremities ). alteration in sense of taste . pain in the abdomen . reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ). skin rash . reduced heart rate . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) indigestion . increased blood levels of creatinine ( may indicate that kidneys are not functioning properly ). increased levels of the enzyme alkaline phosphatase in the blood ( an indicator of organ malfunction or injury , particularly liver , pancreas , bone , thyroid gland , or gall bladder ). hypophosphataemia ( low blood phosphate levels that can cause confusion or muscle weakness ). closed pouches of fluid within the kidneys ( kidney cysts ). fainting . inflammation of the oesophagus ( swallowing tube ). decreased levels of testosterone , a male sex hormone . heart failure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hole ( perforation ) in stomach or intestine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . call your doctor straight away if you have any of these symptoms of a stroke , which is uncommon : sudden numbness or weakness of your arm , leg or face , especially if only on one side of the body sudden confusion , difficulty speaking , or understanding others sudden difficulty in walking or loss of balance or co - ordination suddenly feeling dizzy or sudden severe headache with no known cause severe bleeding is uncommon , but can be life threatening . call your doctor straight away , if you have any of these signs or symptoms of bleeding while taking zontivity : bleeding that is severe or that you cannot control unexpected bleeding or bleeding that lasts a long time pink , red , or brown urine vomiting blood or your vomit looks like ' coffee grounds ' red or black stools ( looks like tar ) coughing up blood or blood clots other possible side effects common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people nose bleeds bruising uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) bleeding gums bleeding in your eye bleeding from cuts or wounds that is more than normal double vision inflammation of the stomach reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel teva pharma is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel teva pharma if you cut or injure yourself , it may take slightly longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste of food . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , foclivia can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur following vaccination , in rare cases leading to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . the side effects listed below have occurred with foclivia in clinical studies in adults , including the elderly : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site injection site redness injection site swelling aching muscles headache fatigue generally feeling unwell shivering common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): brusing of the skin at the injection site aching joints fever and nausea sweating rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ): anaphylaxis ( severe allergic reactions ) these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without treatment . if they persist , consult your doctor . undesirable effects in patients with underlying long term medical problems such as diabetes , lung disease or heart problems and weakened immune systems ( immunocompromised ) such as hiv patients nausea , aching joints , diarrhoea and loss of appetite were reported very commonly in this population . in addition , vomiting was commonly reported . side effects from clinical study in children ( 6 months to 17 years of age ) general side effects reported very commonly in the 6 months to 35 months of age group were injection site redness , muscle ache , irritability and unusual crying . very commonly reported reactions in the 36 months to 17 years of age group were pain , headache and fatigue . other rare side effects observed after routine use the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with another vaccine called focetria h1n1v similar to foclivia . these side effects may occur with foclivia . generalised skin reactions including itching urticaria ( hives ) rash or swelling of the skin and mucous membranes disorders of the gut such as nausea vomiting 78 abdominal pain diarrhoea headache , dizziness , drowsiness , fainting . neurological disorders such as severe stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves tingling fits neuritis ( inflammation of nerves ) swollen lymph nodes , palpitations ( irregular or forceful heart beat ), tachycardia ( faster than normal heart beat ), weakness , pain in the extremities , cough and asthenia ( unusual weakness ). allergic reactions possibly with shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the throat , or leading to a dangerous decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . angioedema ( abnormal swelling of the skin , usually around the eyes , lips , tongue , hands or feet , due to an allergic reaction ). data in children and adolescents suggest a slight decrease in side effects after the second dose of the vaccine , with no increase in rates of fever . in addition , the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent seasonal flu . these side effects may occur with foclivia . low blood platelet count which can result in bleeding or bruising . vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels which can cause skin rashes , joint pain and kidney problems ). erythema multiforme ( type of allergic skin reaction that occurs in response to medications , infections , or illness ). neurological disorders such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . swelling , pain and redness at the injection site extending to more than 10 cm and lasting more than one week ( injection site cellulitis - like reaction ). extensive swelling of injected limb lasting more than one week . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . symptoms are unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of 65 , seek medical advice straight away . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking pioglitazone and have also been reported in male patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) taking pioglitazone . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye ( frequency not known ) has also been reported in patients taking pioglitazone . if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported ( frequency not known ) in patients taking glidipion . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking pioglitazone : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - weight gain - numbness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes - allergic reactions the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when pioglitazone is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - impotence - back pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in red blood cell count - flatulence ( wind ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in enzymes - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - sweating 34 - tiredness - increased appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . adults 18 years of age and older : since the drug has been marketed , severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ), hypersensitivity syndromes ( allergic reactions including rash , fever , abnormal blood tests ) have been reported . the first signs of a severe allergic reaction may include swelling of the face and / or throat . if these symptoms occur tell your doctor straight away as you may need urgent medical treatment . the most common ( more than 1 in 100 patients and less than 1 in 10 patients ) side effects are : headache diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting rash , itching problems with the vein into which the medicine is given ( including inflammation , formation of a lump , swelling at the injection site , or leaking of fluid into the tissue and skin around the injection site ) increase in platelet count changes in liver function tests less common ( more than 1 in 1 , 000 patients and less than 1 in 100 patients ) side effects are : dizziness , sleepiness , sleeplessness , confusion , seizure low blood pressure , slow heart rate shortness of breath , sore throat constipation , yeast infection of the mouth , antibiotic - associated diarrhoea , acid regurgitation , dry mouth , indigestion , loss of appetite skin redness vaginal discharge and irritation abdominal pain , fatigue , fungal infection , fever , oedema / swelling , chest pain , abnormal taste changes in some laboratory blood and urine tests 28 side effects reported rarely ( more than 1 in 10 , 000 patients and less than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ) are : decrease in white blood cells , decrease in blood platelet count low blood sugar agitation , anxiety , depression , tremor irregular heart rate , increased blood pressure , bleeding , fast heart rate nasal congestion , cough , bleeding from the nose , pneumonia , abnormal breathing sounds , wheezing inflammation of the gall bladder , difficulty in swallowing , faecal incontinence , jaundice , liver disorder inflammation of the skin , fungal infection of the skin , skin peeling , infection of the wound after an operation muscle cramp , shoulder pain urinary tract infection , kidney impairment miscarriage , genital bleeding allergy , feeling unwell , pelvic peritonitis , changes to the white part of the eye , fainting . side effects reported ( frequency not known ) since the drug has been marketed are : hallucinations decreased consciousness altered mental status ( including aggression , delirium , disorientation , mental status changes ) abnormal movements muscle weakness unsteady walking teeth staining there have also been reports of changes in some laboratory blood tests . if you experience raised or fluid - filled skin spots over a large area of your body , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . children and adolescents ( 3 months to 17 years of age ): the most common ( more than 1 in 100 patients and less than 1 in 10 patients ) side effects are : diarrhoea diaper rash pain at the infusion site changes in white blood cell count changes in liver function tests less common ( more than 1 in 1 , 000 patients and less than 1 in 100 patients ) side effects are : headache hot flush , high blood pressure , red or purple , flat , pinhead spots under the skin discoloured faeces , black tar - like faeces skin redness , skin rash burning , itching , redness and warmth at infusion site , redness at injection site increase in platelet count changes in some laboratory blood tests side effects reported ( frequency not known ) since the drug has been marketed are : hallucinations altered mental status ( including aggression ) 29 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you feel any deterioration in your condition while you are taking targretin . sometimes it is necessary to adjust the dose or interrupt treatment . your doctor will advise you on what to do . the following side effects were reported in patients with ctcl who were treated with the recommended initial dose of capsules . very common ( can occur in more than 1 in 10 patients treated ): low white blood cell count . lowering of thyroid hormones level . elevation of blood fats ( triglycerides and cholesterol ). skin reactions ( itching , redness , irritation , peeling ). headache , fatigue , pain . common ( can occur in up to 1 in 10 patients treated ): low red blood cell count , enlarged lymph nodes , worsening of lymphoma . thyroid disorder . elevation of liver enzymes , impaired kidney function , low protein in blood , weight gain . insomnia , dizziness , reduced skin sensation . dry eyes , deafness , abnormal sensations of the eye including irritation and heaviness . swelling of legs and arms . nausea , diarrhoea , dry mouth , dry lips , loss of appetite , constipation , excess gas , abnormal liver function tests , vomiting . dry skin , skin disorder , loss of hair , skin ulcer , acne , skin thickening , skin nodule , increased sweating . joint aches , bone pain , muscle aches . chills , abdominal pain , allergic reaction , infection . uncommon ( can occur in up to 1 in 100 patients treated ): blood disorders , eosinophilia , leukocytosis , lymphocytosis , purpura , elevated and decreased numbers of blood platelets . overactive thyroid . elevated bilirubin in the blood , impaired kidney function , gout , decreased hdl cholesterol . agitation , difficulties with balance , depression , increased skin sensation on touching , abnormal nerve sensations , vertigo . abnormal vision , blurred vision , inflammation of the eye lids , cataract , inflammation of the white part of the eye , lesion of the cornea of the eye , ear disorder , defect in field of vision . swelling , bleeding , high blood pressure , fast heart rate , visible vein enlargement , dilation of blood vessels . gastrointestinal disorder , liver failure , inflammation of the pancreas . changes in hair , herpes simplex , nail disorder , pustular rash , serous drainage , skin discoloration . muscle weakness . proteins in urine , abnormal kidney function . back pain , skin infection , fever , parasitic infection , abnormal laboratory test , disorder of mucous membrane , tumour . rare fatal side effects are acute inflammation of the pancreas , bleeding in the head , and liver failure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reaction - the signs may include swelling of the lips , face , tongue or throat , having difficulty breathing or collapsing , an itchy , lumpy rash ( hives ). this is very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects listed above . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : adults common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , feeling dizzy , constipation , diarrhoea . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people change in the colour of the vein and veins becoming larger feeling happier than usual or feeling anxious feeling sleepy or trouble sleeping decrease or loss of appetite weakness , feeling tired , fever or flu like symptoms numbness , burning , prickling or tingling sensations on the skin itchy skin rash impaired vision or eye irritation motion sickness ringing in the ear hiccups , passing wind ( flatulence ), dry mouth or indigestion abdominal ( stomach ) pain difficulty passing water ( urinating ) joint pain . tell your doctor if you notice any of the side effects listed above . uncommon side effects shown in tests : may affect up to 1 in 100 people high or low blood pressure abnormal heart rate or lack of blood flow to the heart abnormally high or low levels of potassium in the blood high levels of sugar in the blood or sugar in the urine low levels of calcium in the blood 40 high levels of the pigment bilirubin in the blood high levels of certain liver enzymes ecg ( electrocardiogram ) abnormalities (' qt prolongation '). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people burning , pain or redness at the injection site . children and young people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness jerky body movements abnormal heart rate coughing or shortness of breath nosebleed itchy skin rash or hives fever pain at the site of infusion . tell your doctor if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may experience diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache or headache during the first weeks of treatment with daxas . talk to your doctor if these side effects do not resolve within the first weeks of treatment . some side effects could be serious . in clinical studies and post - marketing experience , rare instances of suicidal thinking and behaviour ( including suicide ) were reported . please notify your doctor 44 immediately of any suicidal thoughts you may have . you may also experience sleeplessness ( common ), anxiety ( uncommon ), nervousness ( rare ), panic attack ( rare ) or depressive mood ( rare ). in uncommon cases allergic reactions may occur . allergic reactions may affect the skin and in rare cases cause swelling of the eyelids , face , lips and tongue , possibly leading to difficulties in breathing and / or a drop in blood pressure and accelerated heartbeat . in case of an allergic reaction , stop taking daxas and contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in the nearest hospital . take all your medicines and this leaflet with you and provide full information of your current medications . other side effects include the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache - weight decrease , decreased appetite - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - trembling , sensation of spinning head ( vertigo ), dizziness - sensation of rapid or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ) - gastritis , vomiting - reflux of stomach acid to the gullet ( acid regurgitations ), indigestion - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness or cramps - back pain - feeling of weakness or tiredness , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - male breast enlargement - decreased sense of taste - respiratory tract infections ( excluding pneumonia ) - bloody stools , constipation - elevation of liver or muscle enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) - wheals ( urticaria ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , viracept can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : allergic reactions . the signs may include difficulty in breathing , fever , itching , swelling of the face and skin rashes that can sometimes form blisters . increased bleeding if you have haemophilia . if you have haemophilia type a or b , in rare cases your bleeding may increase . bone disease ( osteonecrosis ). the signs may include joint stiffness , aches and pains ( especially of the hip , knee and shoulder ) and difficulty in movement . some patients taking combination anti - retroviral therapy may develop a bone disease called osteonecrosis ( death of bone tissue caused by loss of blood supply to the bone ). infection . in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is believed that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor straight away . other possible side effects , where you should talk to your doctor if you get any of the side effects on this list , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor . very common ( affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . common ( affect less than 1 in 10 people ): rash . wind . feeling sick . low numbers of a type of white blood cell that fights infections ( neutrophils ). abnormal results from blood tests that measure how well your liver or muscles are working . uncommon ( affect less than 1 in 100 people ): being sick . pancreatitis . the signs include severe pains in your stomach that spread to your back . combination anti - retroviral therapy may cause changes in body shape due to changes in fat distribution . these may include loss of fat from legs , arms and face , increased fat in the abdomen ( belly ) and other internal organs , breast enlargement and fatty lumps on the back of the neck (' buffalo hump '). the cause and long - term health effects of these conditions are not known at this time . rare ( affect less than 1 in 1000 people ): yellow skin or eyes . this could be a sign of a liver problem such as hepatitis or jaundice . a severe form of rash ( erythema multiforme ). swelling of your belly ( abdomen ). high blood sugar ( diabetes ) or diabetes get worse . there have been rare reports of muscle pain , tenderness or weakness , particularly with combination anti - retroviral therapy including protease inhibitors and nucleoside analogues . on rare occasions these muscle problems have been serious causing muscle degeneration ( rhabdomyolysis ). other side effects which have also been reported : combination anti - retroviral therapy may also cause raised lactic acid and sugar in the blood , hyperlipaemia ( increased fats in the blood ) and resistance to insulin . low numbers of red blood cells ( anaemia ). lung disease ( pneumonia ). cases of diabetes mellitus or increased blood sugar levels have been reported in patients receiving this treatment or another protease inhibitor . side effects in children about 400 children ( aged from 0 to 13 years ) received viracept in clinical trials . the side effects seen in children are similar to those seen in adults . the most commonly reported side effect in children is diarrhoea . the side effects only rarely resulted into having to stop taking viracept .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the doctor will examine you or your child closely for all side effects . side effects that are very commonly seen ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) in association with inomax therapy include : low platelet count . side effects that are commonly seen ( affects more than 1 user in 100 ) in association with inomax therapy include : low blood pressure , airless or collapsed lung . side effects that may be seen , but uncommonly ( affects between 1 user in 100 and 1 user in 1000 ) are : increase in methaemoglobin , thus reduced oxygen carrying capacity . side effects that may be seen but the frequency is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) are : bradycardia ( low cardiac frequency ) or too low amount of oxygen in the blood ( oxygen desaturation / hypoxemia ) due to sudden withdrawal of the treatment , headache , dizziness , dry throat or shortness of breath following accidental ambient air exposure to nitric oxide ( e . g . leakage from equipment or cylinder ). you should directly inform the personnel if you experience headache while being in close proximity to your child receiving inomax . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , even after you or your child leave the hospital , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects 47 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sleepiness - dizziness - nausea ( sickness ) common : - urge to behave in an unusual way - hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) - confusion - tiredness ( fatigue ) - sleeplessness ( insomnia ) - excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) - headache 73 - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - abnormal dreams - constipation - visual impairment - vomiting ( being sick ) - weight loss including decreased appetite uncommon : - paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) - delusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - amnesia ( memory disturbance ) - hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still ) - weight increase - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling )* - inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion * - restlessness - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences . - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive . - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality ) rare : - mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) not known : - after stopping or reducing your mirapexin treatment : depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain may occur ( called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome or daws ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 2 , 762 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". if you suffer from restless legs syndrome , you may experience the following side effects : very common : - nausea ( sickness ) common : - changes in sleep pattern , such as sleeplessness ( insomnia ) and sleepiness - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation 74 - dizziness - vomiting ( being sick ) uncommon : - urge to behave in an unusual way * - cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling )* - inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion * - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still )* - paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being )* - delusion * - amnesia ( memory disturbance )* - hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) - confusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - weight increase - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss including decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs )* - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences .* - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive .* - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending * - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited )* - delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* not known : - after stopping or reducing your mirapexin treatment : depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain may occur ( called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome or daws ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviors ; he will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking vokanamet and talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) possible signs of severe allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may lead to difficulty breathing or swallowing . lactic acidosis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) vokanamet may cause a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking vokanamet and talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 ): 56 - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight loss - feeling sick or being sick - stomach pain - excessive thirst - fast and deep breathing - confusion - unusual sleepiness or tiredness - a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . the doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop the treatment with vokanamet . dehydration ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) loss of too much fluid from your body ( dehydration ). this happens more often in elderly people ( aged 75 and over ), people with kidney problems , and people taking water tablets ( diuretics ). possible signs of dehydration are : - feeling light - headed or dizzy - passing out ( fainting ) or feeling dizzy or faint when you stand up - very dry or sticky mouth , feeling very thirsty - feeling very weak or tired - passing little or no urine - fast heartbeat . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following side effects : hypoglycaemia ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with insulin or a sulphonylurea ( such as glimepiride or glipizide ). possible signs of low blood sugar are : - blurred vision - tingling lips - trembling , sweating , looking pale - a change in mood or feeling anxious or confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs above . urinary tract infections ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract , e . g .: - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see blood in your urine , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects when taking canagliflozin alone : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) vaginal yeast infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash or redness of the penis or foreskin ( yeast infection ) changes in urination ( including urinating more frequently or in larger amounts , urgent need to urinate , need to urinate at night ) constipation feeling thirsty feeling sick ( nausea ) 57 blood tests may show changes in blood fat ( cholesterol ) levels and increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( haematocrit ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rash or red skin - this may be itchy and include raised bumps , oozing fluid or blisters hives blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( increased creatinine or urea ) or increased potassium blood tests may show increases in your blood phosphate level bone fracture kidney failure ( mainly as a consequence of loss of too much fluid from your body ) lower limb amputations ( mainly of the toe ) especially if you are at high risk of heart disease phimosis difficulty pulling back the foreskin around the tip of the penis . skin reactions after exposure to sunlight . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus . side effects when taking metformin alone that were not described for canagliflozin : very common : feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach ache , and loss of appetite common : a metallic taste ( taste disturbance ) very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels ( may cause anaemia low count of red blood cells ), liver function test disorders , hepatitis ( a problem with your liver ), and itching . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . ( notes information ) although the list of possible side effects can seem worrying , it ' s possible that you may not have any of them . serious side effects : get medical help serious allergic reactions if you get any of these : - swelling of the face , lips or tongue - difficulty breathing - a rash . call a doctor immediately . do not use any more avonex until you have spoken to a doctor . depression if you get any symptoms of depression : - feeling unusually sad , anxious or worthless . call a doctor immediately . liver problems if you get any of these symptoms : - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching all over - feeling sick , being sick ( nausea and vomiting ) - easy bruising of the skin . call a doctor immediately as they may be signs of a possible liver problem . side effects seen in clinical trials ( notes information ) side effects seen in clinical trials . these are the side effects that people reported when avonex was being tested . the figures are based on how many people said they ' d had them . it gives you an idea how likely you are to get similar side effects . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms headache , muscle aches , chills or a fever : see flu - like symptoms , below - headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of appetite - feeling weak and tired - difficulty sleeping - depression - flushing - runny nose 48 - diarrhoea ( loose stools ) - feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - numbness or tingling of skin - rash , bruising of the skin - increased sweating , night sweats - pain in your muscles , joints , arms , legs or neck - muscle cramps , stiffness in the joints and muscles - pain , bruising and redness at the injection site - changes to blood tests . symptoms you might notice are tiredness , repeated infection , unexplained bruising or bleeding . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hair loss - changes to your monthly period - burning feeling at the site of injection . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - difficulty breathing . - kidney problems including scarring that may reduce your kidney function if you get some or all of these symptoms : - foamy urine - fatigue - swelling , particularly in the ankles and eyelids , and weight gain . tell your doctor as they may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - blood clots in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uremic syndrome ). symptoms may include increased bruising , bleeding , fever , extreme weakness , headache , dizziness or light - headedness . your doctor may find changes in your blood and the function of your kidneys . if any of the effects trouble you , talk to your doctor . other side effects ( notes information ) these effects have been seen in people using avonex , but we do not know how likely they are to happen . - an underactive or overactive thyroid - nervousness or anxiety , emotional instability , irrational thoughts or hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not real ), confusion or suicide - numbness , dizziness , seizures or fits and migraines - an awareness of your heartbeat ( palpitations ), a rapid or irregular heartbeat , or heart problems which would have the following symptoms : a reduced ability to exercise , inability to lie flat in bed , shortness of breath or swollen ankles - liver problems as described above - nettle rash or blister - like rash , itching , worsening of psoriasis if you have it - swelling or bleeding at the site of injection , or chest pain after an injection - gaining or losing weight - changes to test results , including changes to liver function tests . - pulmonary arterial hypertension : a disease of severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the 49 lungs . pulmonary arterial hypertension has been seen at various time points during treatment , including several years after starting treatment with interferon beta - products . if any of the effects trouble you , talk to your doctor . effects of the injection - feeling faint : your first injection of avonex may be given by your doctor . it may make you feel faint . you may even actually faint . this is unlikely to happen again . - just after an injection , your muscles may feel tense or very weak as though you are having a relapse . this is rare . it only happens when you inject and the effects soon pass . they may happen any time after starting on avonex . - if you notice any irritation or skin problems after an injection , talk to your doctor . flu - like symptoms ( notes information ) three simple ways to help reduce the impact of flu - like symptoms : 1 . use your avonex injection just before bedtime . this may allow you to sleep through the effects . 2 . take paracetamol or ibuprofen half an hour before your avonex injection and continue taking it for up to a day . speak to your doctor or pharmacist about a suitable dose . 3 . if you have a fever , drink plenty of water to keep you hydrated . some people find that after injecting avonex , they feel like they have flu . signs are : - headache - muscle aches - chills or a fever . these symptoms are not really flu . you can ' t pass it on to anyone else . they are more common when you first start using avonex . your doctor may provide you with an avostartclip titration kit which enables you to gradually increase your dose at the start of treatment to help limit flu - like symptoms . as you keep using your injections , the flu - like symptoms gradually decrease . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your patient file . you may also wish to make a note of these details in case you are asked for this information in the future .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately during treatment : if you experience an allergic reaction including weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), skin rash , itchy rash ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ). hypersensitivity is common in patients with cancer ; if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) as this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ards ). ards is uncommon in patients with cancer ; if you get left upper belly ( abdonimal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your shoulder since this may relate to a problem with your spleen ( enlargement of the spleen ( splenomegaly ) or rupture of the spleen ).. if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine ( haematuria ). your doctor may regularly test your urine if you experience this side effect or if protein is found in your urine ( proteinuria ). if you have any of the following or a combination of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon condition ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) called capillary leak syndrome which causes the blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , or feeling very cold , high heart rate , confusion or disorientation , shortness of breath , extreme pain or discomfort and clammy or sweaty skin . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you experience kidney injury ( glomerulonephritis ). kidney injury has been seen in patients who received accofil . call your doctor right away if you experience puffiness in your face or ankles , blood in your urine or brown - coloured urine or you notice you urinate less than usual a very frequent side effect of accofil use is pain in your muscles or bones ( musculoskeletal pain ), which can be helped by taking standard pain relief medicines ( analgesics ). in patients undergoing a stem cell or bone marrow transplant , graft versus host disease ( gvhd ) may occur - this is a reaction of the donor cells against the patient receiving the transplant ; signs and symptoms include rash on the palms of your hands and soles of your feet and ulcer and sores in your mouth , gut , liver , skin , or your eyes , lungs , vagina and joints . very commonly seen in normal stem cells donors is increase in white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) and decrease of platelets which reduces the ability of blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ), these will be monitored by your doctor . very common side effects ( seen in more than 1 in 10 people who take accofil ): vomiting nausea unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) tiredness ( fatigue ) soreness and swelling of the digestive tract lining which runs from the mouth to the anus ( mucosal inflammation ) decrease of platelets which reduces the ability of blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( pyrexia ) headache diarrhoea common side effects ( seen in more than 1 in 100 people taking accofil ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ) upper respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection decreased appetite trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness decreased feeling of sensitivity , especially in the skin ( hypoaesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) constipation oral pain enlargement of the liver ( hepatomegaly ) rash redness of the skin ( erythema ) muscle spasm pain when passing urine ( dysuria ) chest pain pain generalised weakness ( asthenia ) generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood changes in blood chemistry transfusion reaction uncommon side effects ( seen in more than 1 in 1000 people taking accofil ): increase in white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rejection of transplanted bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) liver damage caused by blocking of the small veins within the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) lungs do not function as they should , causing breathlessness ( respiratory failure ) swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) 66 inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) abnormal x - rays of the lungs ( lung infiltration ) bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) lack of absorption of oxygen in the lung ( hypoxia ) bumpy skin rash ( rash macuo - papular ) disease which causes bones to become less dense , making them weaker , more brittle and likely to break ( osteoporosis ) injection site reaction rare side effects ( seen in more than 1 in 10 , 000 people taking accofil ): inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . severe pain in the bones , chest , gut or joints ( sickle cell anaemia with crisis ) sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) pain and swelling of the joints , similar to gout ( pseudogout ) a change in how your body regulates fluids within your body and may result in puffiness ( fluid volume disturbances ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects - liver problems ( common - may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) if you get any of these symptoms : - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes - itching all over - feeling sick , being sick ( nausea and vomiting ) - easy bruising of the skin - contact a doctor immediately . they may be signs of a possible liver problem . - depression ( common - may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) if you : - feel unusually sad , anxious or worthless or - have thoughts about suicide - contact a doctor immediately . - serious allergic reaction ( uncommon - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) if you get any of these : - difficulty breathing - swelling around the face ( lips , tongue or throat ) - skin rashes or redness - contact a doctor immediately . - seizures ( uncommon - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) if you have a seizure or a fit - contact a doctor immediately . - injection site damage ( rare - may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you get any of these symptoms : - any break in the skin together with swelling , inflammation or fluid leaking around the injection site - contact a doctor for advice . - kidney problems including scarring that may reduce your kidney function ( rare - may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you get some or all of these symptoms : - foamy urine - fatigue - swelling , particularly in the ankles and eyelids , and weight gain . - contact a doctor as they may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - blood problems ( rare - may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the following may occur : blood clots in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uremic syndrome ). symptoms may include increased bruising , bleeding , fever , extreme weakness , headache , dizziness or light - headedness . your doctor may find changes in your blood and the function of your kidneys . if you get some or all of these symptoms : - increased bruising or bleeding - extreme weakness - headache , dizziness or light - headedness - contact a doctor immediately . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms . these symptoms are not really flu , see below . you can ' t pass it on to anyone else . - headache - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - pain in your joints , arms , legs or neck ( arthralgia ) - chills - fever - feeling weak and tired ( asthenia ) - redness , itching or pain around the place you have injected - if any of these effects trouble you , contact a doctor . flu - like symptoms flu - like symptoms are more common when you first start using plegridy . they gradually get less as you keep using your injections . see below for simple ways to manage these flu - like symptoms if you get them . three simple ways to help reduce the impact of flu - like symptoms : 1 . consider the timing of your plegridy injection . the start and end of flu - like symptoms are different for every patient . on average , flu - like symptoms begin approximately 10 hours after injection and last between 12 and 24 hours . 2 . take paracetamol or ibuprofen half an hour before your plegridy injection and continue to take paracetamol or ibuprofen for the duration of your flu - like symptoms . speak to your doctor or pharmacist about how much to take and how long to take it . 3 . if you have a fever , drink plenty of water to keep you hydrated . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - increase in body temperature - changes around the place you have injected such as swelling , inflammation , bruising , warmth , rash or colour change - changes in your blood which might cause tiredness or reduced ability to fight infection - increases in liver enzymes in the blood ( will show up in blood tests ) - if any of these effects trouble you , contact a doctor . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hives - changes in your blood which might cause unexplained bruising or bleeding . - if any of these effects trouble you , contact a doctor . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - pulmonary arterial hypertension : a disease of severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . pulmonary arterial hypertension has been seen at various time points during treatment , including several years after starting treatment with interferon beta - products . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your patient file . you may also wish to make a note of these details in case you are asked for this information in the future .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known frequency cannot be estimated from the available data 41 if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sleepiness dizziness nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness ( fatigue ) sleeplessness ( insomnia ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) abnormal dreams constipation visual impairment vomiting ( being sick ) weight loss including decreased appetite uncommon : paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) delusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep amnesia ( memory disturbance ) hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still ) weight increase allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling )* inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion * restlessness dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences . - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive . - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality ) rare : mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited ) not known : - after stopping or reducing your pramipexole accord treatment : depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain may occur ( called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome or daws ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 2 , 762 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". if you suffer from other indication , you may experience the following side effects : very common : nausea ( sickness ) common : changes in sleep pattern , such as sleeplessness ( insomnia ) and sleepiness tiredness ( fatigue ) headache abnormal dreams constipation dizziness vomiting ( being sick ) uncommon : urge to behave in an unusual way * cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling )* inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion * dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still )* paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being )* delusion * amnesia ( memory disturbance )* hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting restlessness visual impairment weight loss including decreased appetite dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs )* inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences . - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive . - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* 43 not known : - after stopping or reducing your pramipexole accord treatment : depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain may occur ( called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome or daws ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviors ; he will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you get these symptoms as you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue ; a severe rash ; and , swallowing or breathing problems . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and may be life - threatening - diarrhoea that becomes severe or does not go away or stool that contains blood or mucus during or after treatment with zerbaxa . in this situation , you should not take medicines that stop or slow bowel movement patients treated for complicated infections within the abdomen , and kidney and urinary system common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ache , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , increase in liver enzymes ( from blood tests ), rash , fever ( high temperature ), decrease in blood pressure , decrease in potassium ( from blood tests ), increase in the number of certain types of blood cells known as platelets , dizziness , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , infusion site reactions uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the large intestine due to c . difficile bacteria , inflammation of the stomach , abdominal distension , indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , obstruction of the intestine , yeast infection in the mouth ( thrush ), yeast infection of female genitalia , fungal urinary tract infection , increase in sugar ( glucose ) levels ( from blood tests ), decrease in magnesium levels ( from blood tests ), decrease in phosphate levels ( from blood tests ), ischemic stroke ( stroke caused by reduced blood flow in brain ), irritation or inflammation of a vein at injection site , venous thrombosis ( blood clot in a vein ), low red blood cell counts , atrial fibrillation ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ), fast heart beat , angina pectoris ( chest pain or feeling of tightness , pressure or heaviness in chest ), itchy rash or swellings on the skin , hives , coombs test positive ( a blood test that looks for antibodies that may fight against your red blood cells ), kidney problems , kidney disease , shortness of breath patients treated for an infection of the lungs called " pneumonia " common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the large intestine due to c . difficile bacteria , diarrhoea , vomiting , increase in liver enzymes ( from blood tests ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection due to c . difficile bacteria , c . difficile test positive ( from stool test ), coombs test positive ( a blood test that looks for antibodies that may fight against your red blood cells ) 27 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): burning sensation and itching these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within one week of using protopic . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness feeling of warmth 44 pain increased skin sensitivity ( especially to hot and cold ) skin tingling rash local skin infection regardless of specific cause including but not limited to : inflamed or infected hair follicles , cold sores , generalised herpes simplex infections facial flushing or skin irritation after drinking alcohol is also common uncommon ( may affect fewer than 1 in 100 people ): acne following twice - weekly treatment application site infections have been reported in children and adults . impetigo , a superficial bacterial skin infection that usually produces blisters or sores on skin , has been reported in children . rosacea ( facial redness ), rosacea - like dermatitis , lentigo ( presence of flat brown spots on the skin ), oedema at the application site and herpes eye infections have been reported during post - marketing experience . since commercial availability a very small number of people who have used protopic ointment have had malignancies ( for example lymphoma , including skin lymphoma , and other skin tumours ). however , a link to protopic ointment treatment has not been confirmed or refuted on the available evidence so far . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using ulipristal acetate gedeon richter and immediately contact a doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of face , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing ; hives and breathing difficulties . these are possible symptoms of angioedema ( frequency not known ). - nausea or vomiting , severe tiredness , jaundice ( yellowing of the eyes or skin ), dark urine , itching or upper stomach ache . these symptoms may be signs of liver injury ( frequency not known ). see also section 2 warnings and precautions . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : - reduction or absence of menstrual bleeding ( amenorrhea ) - thickening of the lining of the womb ( endometrial thickening ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects : - headache - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ) - acne - muscle and bone ( musculoskeletal ) pain - sac of fluid within the ovaries ( ovarian cyst ), breast tenderness / pain , lower abdominal ( pelvic ) pain , hot flushes - tiredness ( fatigue ) - weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects : - drug allergy - anxiety - mood swings - dizziness - dry mouth , constipation - hair loss , dry skin , increased sweating - back pain - leakage of urine - bleeding from the womb ( uterine bleeding ), vaginal discharge , abnormal vaginal bleeding , breast discomfort - swelling due to fluid retention ( oedema ) - extreme tiredness ( asthenia ) - increase in blood cholesterol seen in blood tests , increase in blood fats ( triglycerides ) seen in blood tests . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects : - nosebleed - indigestion , bloating - break of sac of fluid within the ovaries ( ovarian cyst ruptured ) - breast swelling . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however can not be ruled out for onduarp . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , ankle swelling ( oedema ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 to 100 people ): sleepiness , migraine , headache , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate , palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), flushing , cough , stomach ache ( abdominal pain ), diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), itching , joint pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain , inability to obtain an erection , weakness , chest pain , tiredness , swelling ( oedema ), increased levels of hepatic enzymes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): urinary bladder infection , feeling sad ( depression ), feeling anxious , sleeplessness , fainting , nerve damage in the hands or feet , reduced sense of touch , taste abnormalities , trembling , vomiting , enlarged gums , discomfort in the abdomen , dry mouth , eczema ( a skin disorder ), redness of skin , rash , back pain , leg pain , urge to urinate during the night , feeling unwell ( malaise ), increased levels of uric acid in the blood . the following side effects have been observed with the components telmisartan or amlodipine and may occur also with onduarp : telmisartan in patients taking telmisartan alone the following additional side effects have been reported : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels in the blood , shortness of breath , bloating , increased sweating , kidney damage including sudden inability of the kidneys to work , increased levels of creatinine . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , difficulty of breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face or low blood pressure ), low blood sugar levels ( in diabetic patients ), impaired vision , fast heart beat , upset stomach , abnormal liver function *, hives ( urticaria ), medicine rash , inflammation of the tendons , flu - like illness ( for example muscle pain , feeling generally unwell ), decreased haemoglobin ( a blood protein ), increased levels of creatinine phosphokinase in the blood . * most cases of abnormal liver function and liver disorder from post - marketing experience with telmisartan occurred in japanese patients . japanese patients are more likely to experience this side effect . amlodipine in patients taking amlodipine alone the following additional side effects have been reported : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): mood changes , impaired vision , ringing in the ears , shortness of breath , sneezing / running nose , change of bowel habit , hair loss , unusual bruising and bleeding ( red blood cell damage ), skin discolouration , increased sweating , difficulty passing urine , increased need to pass urine especially at night , enlarging of male breasts , pain , weight increased , weight decreased . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): confusion . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): reduced number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face or low blood pressure ), excess sugar in blood , uncontrollable twitching or jerking movements , heart attack , irregular heart beat , inflammation of the blood vessels , inflamed pancreas , inflammation of the stomach lining ( gastritis ), inflammation of the liver , yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), increased levels of hepatic enzymes with jaundice , rapid swelling of skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), severe skin reactions , hives ( urticaria ), severe allergic reactions with blistering eruptions of the skin and mucous membranes ( exfoliative dermatitis , stevens - johnson - syndrome ), increased sensitivity of the skin to sun . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : 65 if you notice any of the following side effects , you may need urgent medical attention . stop taking jinarc and immediately contact a doctor or go to the nearest hospital if you : find it difficult to urinate . experience swelling of the face , lips or tongue , itching , generalised rash , or severe wheezing or breathlessness ( symptoms of an allergic reaction ). jinarc may cause your liver not to work properly . consult your doctor if symptoms of nausea , vomiting , fever , tiredness , loss of appetite , pain in the abdomen , dark urine , jaundice ( yellowing of skin or eyes ), itching of your skin or joint and muscle pain with fever occur . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) thirst ( requiring excessive drinking of water ) headache dizziness diarrhoea dry mouth increased need to urinate , to urinate at night , or to urinate more frequently fatigue common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dehydration high levels of sodium , uric acid and blood sugar decreased appetite gout difficulty sleeping heart pounding shortness of breath belly pain full or bloated or uncomfortable feeling in the stomach constipation heartburn liver function abnormal rash itching muscle spasms general weakness raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increase of bilirubin ( a substance that can cause yellowing of skin or eyes ) in the blood not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions ( see above ) generalised rash acute liver failure ( alf ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop using taltz and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you get any of the following side effects . your doctor will decide if and when you may restart the treatment : possible serious infection ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - the signs may include : - fever , flu - like symptoms , night sweats - feeling tired or short of breath , cough which will not go away - warm , red and painful skin , or a painful skin rash with blisters 72 serious allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - low blood pressure , which can cause dizziness or light - headedness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects that have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infections with symptoms such as sore throat and stuffy nose . - injection site reactions ( e . g . red skin , pain ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea . - fungal infections such as athlete ' s foot . - pain in the back of the throat . - cold sores of mouth , skin and mucous membranes ( herpes simplex , mucocutaneous ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ). - influenza . - runny nose . - bacterial skin infection . - hives . - discharge from the eye with itching , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ). - signs of low levels of white blood cells , such as fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( neutropenia ). - low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ). - eczema - rash - rapid swelling of the tissues of the neck , face , mouth or throat ( angioedema ) - abdominal cramps and pain , diarrhoea , weight loss or blood in the stool ( signs of bowel problems ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine medac immediately and contact your doctor if any of these symptoms occur : diarrhoea : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movements each day or any diarrhoea at night . vomiting : if you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . chest pain : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . stevens - johnson syndrome : if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . if caught early , these side effects usually improve within 2 to 3 days after treatment discontinuation . if these side effects continue , however , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . if severe stomatitis ( sores in your mouth and / or throat ), mucosal inflammation , diarrhoea , neutropenia ( increased risk for infections ), or neurotoxicity occurs during the first cycle of treatment a dpd deficiency may be involved ( please see section 2 : warning and precautions ). hand and foot skin - reaction can lead to loss of fingerprint , which could impact your identification by fingerprint scan . in addition to the above , when capecitabine medac is used alone , very common side effects which may affect more than 1 in 10 people are : abdominal pain rash , dry or itchy skin tiredness loss of appetite ( anorexia ) these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately when you start to experience a side effect . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with capecitabine medac . this will help reduce the likelihood that the side effect continues or becomes severe . other side effects are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreases in the number of white blood cells or red blood cells ( seen in tests ) dehydration , weight loss sleeplessness ( insomnia ), depression headache , sleepiness , dizziness , abnormal sensation in the skin ( numbness or tingling sensation ), taste changes eye irritation , increased tears , eye redness ( conjunctivitis ) inflammation of the veins ( thrombophlebitis ) shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , runny nose cold sores or other herpes infections infections of the lungs or respiratory system ( e . g . pneumonia or bronchitis ) bleeding from the gut , constipation , pain in upper abdomen , indigestion , excess wind , dry mouth skin rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), skin reddening , dry skin , itching ( pruritus ), skin discolouration , skin loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder pain in the joints or in the limbs ( extremities ), chest or back fever , swelling in the limbs , feeling ill problems with liver function ( seen in blood tests ) and increased blood bilirubin ( excreted by the liver ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blood infection , urinary tract infection , infection of the skin , infections in the nose and throat , fungal infections ( including those of the mouth ), influenza , gastroenteritis , tooth abscess lumps under the skin ( lipoma ) decreases in blood cells including platelets , thinning of blood ( seen in tests ) allergy diabetes , decrease in blood potassium , malnutrition , increased blood triglycerides confusional state , panic attacks , depressed mood , decreased libido difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , balance disorder , fainting , nerve damage ( neuropathy ) and problems with sensation blurred or double vision vertigo , ear pain irregular heartbeat and palpitations ( arrhythmias ), chest pain and heart attack ( infarction ) blood clots in the deep veins , high or low blood pressure , hot flushes , cold limbs ( extremities ), purple spots on the skin blood clots in the veins in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ), collapsed lung , coughing up blood , asthma , shortness of breath on exertion bowel obstruction , collection of fluid in the abdomen , inflammation of the small or large intestine , the stomach or the oesophagus , pain in the lower abdomen , abdominal discomfort , heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), blood in the stool 53 jaundice ( yellowing of skin and eyes ) skin ulcer and blister , reaction of the skin with sunlight , reddening of palms , swelling or pain of the face joint swelling or stiffness , bone pain , muscle weakness or stiffness fluid collection in the kidneys , increased frequency of urination during the night , incontinence , blood in the urine , increase in blood creatinine ( sign of kidney dysfunction ) unusual bleeding from the vagina swelling ( oedema ), chills and rigors some of these side effects are more common when capecitabine is used with other medicines for the treatment of cancer . other side - effects seen in this setting are the following : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decrease in blood sodium , magnesium or calcium , increase in blood sugar nerve pain ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), loss of hearing vein inflammation hiccups , change in voice pain or altered / abnormal sensation in the mouth , pain in the jaw sweating , night sweats muscle spasm difficulty in urination , blood or protein in the urine bruising or reaction at the injection site ( caused by medicines given by injection at the same time ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): narrowing or blockage of tear duct ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) liver failure inflammation leading to dysfunction or obstruction in bile secretion ( cholestatic hepatitis ) specific changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) certain types of arrhythmia ( including ventricular fibrillation , torsade de pointes , and bradycardia ) eye inflammation causing eye pain and possibly eyesight problems inflammation of the skin causing red scaly patches due to an immune system illness very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe skin reaction such as skin rash , ulceration and blistering which may involve ulcers of the mouth , nose , genitalia , hands , feet and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . nausea and headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection . general aches and pains in the joints and muscles . some changes may occur in your blood , but these will be detected by routine blood tests . your white blood cell count may become high for a short period of time . your platelet count may become low which might result in bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including redness and flushing , skin rash , and raised areas of the skin that itch . serious allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ). increased spleen size . spleen rupture . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor . sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever ) has occurred but other factors may play a role . cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). damage to the tiny filters inside your kidneys ( glomerulonephritis ). redness at the site of injection . coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ). stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using ziextenzo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking vipdomet and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately if you notice any of the symptoms of the following serious side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - lactic acidosis ( a build - up of lactic acid in the blood ) is a very serious side effect that may lead to coma . for symptoms see section " warnings and precautions ". not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include : a rash , hives , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue and feeling faint . - a severe allergic reaction : skin lesions or spots on your skin that can progress to a sore surrounded by pale or red rings , blistering and / or peeling of the skin possibly with symptoms such as itching , fever , overall ill feeling , achy joints , vision problems , burning , painful or itchy eyes and mouth sores ( stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). you should also discuss with your doctor if you experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach ache - diarrhoea - loss of appetite - feeling sick - being sick . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - symptoms of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) may occur when vipdomet is taken in combination with insulin or sulphonylureas ( e . g . glipizide , tolbutamide , glibenclamide ). symptoms may include : trembling , sweating , anxiety , blurred vision , tingling lips , paleness , mood change or feeling confused . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level , but can be increased again by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . - cold symptoms such as sore throat , stuffy or blocked nose , feeling tired , fever , chills , dry cough - rash - itchy skin with or without hives - headache - indigestion , heartburn - vomiting and / or diarrhoea - metallic taste . very rare : - decreased vitamin b12 levels or anaemia ; symptoms include tiredness , lethargy , feeling faint , becoming breathless - liver problems ( hepatitis or liver function test abnormalities ) - erythema ( redness of skin ). not known : - liver problems such as nausea or vomiting , stomach pain , unusual or unexplained tiredness , loss of appetite , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function tests , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , fungal infections , confusion , hallucinations , vomiting , abnormal gait , heart failure and venous blood clotting ( thrombosis / thromboembolism ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures 33 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) and psychotic reactions alzheimer ' s disease has been associated with depression , suicidal ideation and suicide . these events have been reported in patients treated with memantine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , voncento can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please contact your doctor immediately if : you notice symptoms of allergic reactions in some cases it may progress to a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) that causes severe difficulty in breathing , dizziness or shock . allergic reactions may include the following symptoms : swollen face , tongue , mouth or throat , difficulty in breathing and swallowing , hives , wheezing , burning and stinging where the infusion was given , chills , flushing , skin rash over the whole body , headache , fall in blood pressure , restlessness , faster heart beat , tightness of the chest ( including chest pain and chest discomfort ), back pain , tiredness ( lethargy ), nausea , vomiting , tingling . you notice that the medicine stops working properly ( bleeding is not stopped ). for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . you may develop an inhibitor ( neutralising antibody ) to vwf , in which case vwf will not work properly any more . you notice any symptoms of an impaired perfusion in your extremities ( e . g . cold and pale extremities ) or vital organs ( e . g . severe chest pain ) there is a risk of formation of blood clots ( thrombosis ), particularly in patients with known risk factors ( see also section 2 ). the following side effect has been observed very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): 48 headache the following side effects have been observed commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increase in body temperature the following side effects have been observed uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): taste alteration ( dysgeusia ) abnormal liver function test side effects in children and adolescents side effects in children and adolescents are expected to be the same as in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions ) occur ( very rare ), the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you have one of the following early symptoms : difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath or wheezing chest tightness swelling of the lips and tongue rash , hives , weals or generalised itching feeling dizzy or loss of consciousness low blood pressure ( having pale and cold skin , fast heartbeat ). severe symptoms , including difficulty in swallowing or breathing and red or swollen face or hands , require prompt emergency treatment . if you have a severe allergic reaction , your doctor may change your medicine . for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens to you or your child ´ s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests showing changes in the way the liver functions reactions ( redness and itching ) around the site where you injected the medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients who have not previously treated with factor viii medicines blushing of the skin inflammation of vein bleeding into joint spaces bleeding in muscle tissue cough 50 redness around the site where you placed catheter vomiting . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling tired headache feeling dizzy difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) fast heartbeat increased blood pressure rash fever feeling hot stiffness of muscles pain in muscles pain in legs and arms swelling of legs and feet joint disease bruising heart attack . side effects in children and adolescents the side effects observed in children and adolescents are the same as observed in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention : you should stop taking xiliarx and see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : angioedema ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , difficulties breathing , sudden onset rash or hives , which may indicate a reaction called " angioedema ". liver disease ( hepatitis ) ( rare ): symptoms include yellow skin and eyes , nausea , loss of appetite or dark - coloured urine , which may indicate liver disease ( hepatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( frequency not known ): symptoms include severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ), which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting . other side effects some patients have had the following side effects while taking xiliarx and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): trembling , headache , dizziness , nausea , low blood glucose uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness some patients have had the following side effects while taking xiliarx and a sulphonylurea : common : trembling , headache , dizziness , weakness , low blood glucose uncommon : constipation very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose some patients have had the following side effects while taking xiliarx and a glitazone : common : weight increase , swollen hands , ankle or feet ( oedema ) uncommon : headache , weakness , low blood glucose some patients have had the following side effects while taking xiliarx alone : common : dizziness uncommon : headache , constipation , swollen hands , ankle or feet ( oedema ), joint pain , low blood glucose very rare : sore throat , runny nose , fever some patients have had the following side effects while taking xiliarx , metformin and a sulphonylurea : common : dizziness , tremor , weakness , low blood glucose , excessive sweating some patients have had the following side effects while taking xiliarx and insulin ( with or without metformin ): common : headache , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), low blood glucose , heartburn uncommon : diarrhoea , flatulence since this product has been marketed , the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): itchy rash , inflammation of the pancreas , localised peeling of skin or blisters , muscle pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , sprimeo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you may need to stop sprimeo . common ( affecting less than 1 in 10 patients ): diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), high level of potassium in the blood , dizziness . uncommon ( affecting less than 1 in 100 patients ): skin rash ( this may also be a sign of allergic reactions or angioedema see " rare " side effects below ), kidney problems including acute renal failure ( severely decreased urine output ), swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ), low blood pressure . rare ( affecting less than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) and angioedema ( the symptoms of which can include difficulties in breathing or swallowing , rash , itching , hives or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue , dizziness ), increased level of creatinine in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in isolated cases , you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to immunoglobulins and allergic reactions such as a sudden fall in blood pressure or shock may occur ( e . g . you may feel light - 36 headed , dizzy , faint on standing , cold in the hands and feet , sense an abnormal heart beat or chest pain , or have blurred vision ). in isolated cases , you may experience pain and / or swelling of an arm or leg with warmth over the affected area , discoloration of an arm or leg , unexplained shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort that worsens on deep breathing , unexplained rapid pulse , numbness or weakness on one side of the body , sudden confusion , or trouble speaking or understanding could be signs of a blood clot . in isolated cases , you may get a bad headache with nausea , vomiting , stiff neck , fever , and sensitivity to light , which could be signs of ams ( aseptic meningitis sydrome ), which is a temporary reversible non - infectious inflammation of the membranes surrounding the brain and the spinal cord . if you notice such signs during the infusion of hizentra , stop the infusion and go to the nearest hospital immediately . please see also section 2 of this leaflet about the risk of allergic reactions , blood clots and ams . side effects observed in controlled clinical studies are presented in order of decreasing frequency . side effects observed in post - marketing are of unknown frequency : the following side effects are very common ( affects more than 1 patient in 10 ): headache rash reactions at the infusion site the following side effects are common ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ): dizziness migraine increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) diarrhoea abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting itching ( pruritus ) hives ( urticaria ) pain related to the musculature and bones ( musculoskeletal pain ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) fever tiredness ( fatigue ), including generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) chest pain flu - like symptoms pain the following side effects are uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 1 , 000 ): hypersensitivity involuntary shaking movements in one or more parts of the body ( tremor , including psychomotor hyperactivity ) fast heartbeat ( tachycardia ) flushing muscle spasm muscular weakness chills , including low body temperature abnormal result of a blood test that may indicate impaired liver and kidney function in isolated cases , infusion site ulcer or burning sensation may occur . you may reduce possible side effects if you infuse hizentra slowly . side effects such as these may occur even when you have previously received human immunoglobulins and tolerated them well . please also refer to section 2 " what you need to know before you use hizentra " for additional details on circumstances which increase the risk of side effect . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or healthcare professional . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects some severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely in patients using saxenda . you should see your doctor straight away if you get symptoms such as breathing problems , swelling of face and throat and a fast heartbeat . cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported uncommonly in patients using saxenda . pancreatitis is a serious , potentially life - threatening medical condition . stop taking saxenda and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation these usually go away after a few days or weeks . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people problems affecting the stomach and intestines , such as indigestion ( dyspepsia ), inflammation in the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach discomfort , upper stomach pain , heartburn , feeling bloated , wind ( flatulence ), belching and dry mouth feeling weak or tired changed sense of taste dizziness difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ). this usually occurs the first 3 months of treatment gallstones injection site reactions ( such as bruising , pain , irritation , itching and rash ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). the warning signs of low blood sugar may come on suddenly and can include : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , fast heartbeat , feeling sick , feeling very hungry , changes in vision , feeling sleepy , feeling weak , being nervous , being anxious , confusion , difficulty concentrating and shaking ( tremor ). your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you notice these warning signs increase of pancreatic enzymes , such as lipase and amylase . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of fluids ( dehydration ). this is more likely to occur at the start of treatment and may be due to being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea delay in the emptying of the stomach inflamed gall bladder allergic reactions including skin rash feeling generally unwell faster pulse . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people reduced kidney function acute kidney failure . signs may include reduction in urine volume , metallic taste in mouth and easily bruising . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking ivemend and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects , which may be serious , and for which you may need urgent medical treatment : - hives , rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or a serious decrease of blood pressure ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ); these are signs of a serious allergic reaction . - infusion site reactions ( isr ) at or near the infusion site . most severe isr have happened with a certain type of chemotherapy medicine that can burn or blister your skin ( vesicant ) with side effects , including pain , swelling and redness . death of skin tissue ( necrosis ) has happened in some people getting this type of chemotherapy medicine . other side effects that have been reported are listed below . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : - constipation , indigestion , - headache , - tiredness , - loss of appetite , - hiccups , - increased amount of liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : - dizziness , sleepiness , - acne , rash , - anxiousness , - burping , nausea , vomiting , heartburn , stomach pain , dry mouth , passing wind , - increased painful or burning urination , 33 - weakness , generally feeling unwell , - reddening of the face / skin , hot flush , - fast or irregular heartbeats , blood pressure increased , - fever with increased risk of infection , lowering of red blood cells , - infusion site pain , infusion site redness , infusion site itching , infusion site vein inflammation . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : - difficulty thinking , lack of energy , taste disturbance , - sensitivity of the skin to sun , excessive sweating , oily skin , sores on skin , itching rash , stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare severe skin reaction ), - euphoria ( feeling of extreme happiness ), disorientation , - bacterial infection , fungal infection , - severe constipation , stomach ulcer , inflammation of the small intestine and colon , sores in mouth , bloating , - frequent urination , passing more urine than normal , presence of sugar or blood in urine , - chest discomfort , swelling , change in the manner of walking , - cough , mucus in back of throat , throat irritation , sneezing , sore throat , - eye discharge and itching , - ringing in the ear , - muscle spasms , muscle weakness , - excessive thirst , - slow heartbeat , heart and blood vessel disease , - lowering of white blood cells , low sodium levels in the blood , weight loss , - hardening of site of infusion . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). it can be very serious . if your blood sugar level falls too much you may become unconscious . serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . if you have symptoms of low blood sugar , act immediately to increase your blood sugar level . see section 3 under ' if you take more lyumjev than you need '. allergic reactions are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). they may be severe and they may include the following symptoms : rash over the whole body difficulty in breathing wheezing blood pressure dropping heart beating fast sweating if you have a serious allergic reaction ( including an anaphylactic attack ) to insulin or any of the ingredients in lyumjev , stop using this medicine and contact emergency medical service straight away . other side effects include : common injection site reactions . some people get redness , pain , swelling or itching around the area of the insulin injection . this usually clears up in a few minutes to a few weeks without needing to stop lyumjev . if you have injection site reactions , tell your doctor . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) there are several skin changes that can happen if you inject insulin too often at the same place called lipodystrophy which is where skin can shrink ( lipoatrophy ), thicken ( lipohypertrophy ) or get lumps under the skin caused by a build - up of a protein called amyloid ( cutaneous amyloidosis ). tell your doctor if you get lipodystrophy at the injection site , rash or very itchy skin . change the injection site with each injection to help prevent skin changes . other potential side effects swelling in arms or ankles due to fluid retention ( oedema ), particularly at the start of insulin therapy or during a change in your diabetes medicines . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common problems of diabetes low blood sugar low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) means there is not enough sugar in the blood . this can be caused if : you take too much lyumjev or other insulin ; you miss or delay meals or change your diet ; you exercise or work too hard just before or after a meal ; you have an infection or illness ( especially diarrhoea or vomiting ); there is a change in your need for insulin for example if you lose weight ; or you have trouble with your kidneys or liver which gets worse . see section ' if you take more lyumjev than you need .' the first symptoms of low blood sugar usually come on quickly and include the following : tiredness rapid heart beat nervousness or shakiness feeling sick headache cold sweat 84 if you are not confident about recognising your warning symptoms , avoid situations such as driving a car , in which you or others would be put at risk by hypoglycaemia . high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) and diabetic ketoacidosis hyperglycaemia ( too much sugar in the blood ) means that the levels of glucose in your body are too high . hyperglycaemia can be brought about by : not taking your insulin ; using less insulin than your body needs ; an imbalance between the amount of carbohydrates you eat and the insulin you take ; or fever , infection or emotional stress . the early symptoms of hyperglycaemia are ; being very thirsty headache feeling sleepy urinating more often hyperglycaemia can lead to diabetic ketoacidosis . the first symptoms come on slowly over many hours or days . additional symptoms include the following : nausea and / or vomiting abdominal pain rapid pulse heavy breathing moderate or large amounts of urine ketones . ketones are produced when your body burns fat for energy instead of glucose . if you have any of these symptoms and high sugars get medical help immediately . see section ' if you forget to use lyumjev '. illness if you are ill , especially if you feel sick or are sick , the amount of insulin you need may change . even when you are not eating normally , you still need insulin . test your urine or blood , follow your ' sick rules ', and tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious tell the doctor or nurse giving you the infusion immediately if you develop any of the following : - fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , tiredness , dizziness , pain where the infusion needle is inserted , blisters , itching , shortness of breath or wheezing . these symptoms can be signs of infusion reaction , which is a common side effect ( this means it may affect up to 1 in every 10 people ). other possible side effects other possible side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or nurse . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the joints ( arthralgia ) - nausea - back pain - fever - pain in the lower or upper abdomen , feeling of tenderness in the abdomen and abdominal discomfort 26 common ( may affect up to 1 in every 10 people ) - diarrhoea - itching ( including vulvovaginal itching ) - vomiting - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - pain in the muscles or bones of the chest ( musculoskeletal chest pain ) - sore throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - redness or swelling and pain at the site of the infusion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking ecansya immediately and contact your doctor if any of these symptoms occur : - diarrhoea : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movements each day or any diarrhoea at night . - vomiting : if you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . - nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . - stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . - infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - chest pain : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . - steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . - dpd deficiency : if you have a known dpd deficiency , you are at an increased risk of acute early - onset of toxicity and severe , life - threatening , or fatal adverse reactions caused by ecansya ( e . g . stomatitis , mucosal inflammation , diarrhoea , neutropenia , and neurotoxicity ). if caught early , these side effects usually improve within 2 to 3 days after treatment discontinuation . if these side effects continue , however , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . if severe stomatitis ( sores in your mouth and / or throat ), mucosal inflammation , diarrhoea , neutropenia ( increased risk for infections ), or neurotoxicity occurs during the first cycle of treatment a dpd deficiency may be involved ( please see section 2 : warning and precautions ). hand and foot skin reaction can lead to loss of fingerprint , which could impact your identification by fingerprint scan . in addition to the above , when ecansya is used alone , very common side effects , which may affect more than 1 in 10 people are : - abdominal pain - rash , dry or itchy skin - tiredness - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately when you start to experience a side effect . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with ecansya . this will help reduce the likelihood that 47 the side effect continues or becomes severe . other side effects are : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : - decreases in the number of white blood cells or red blood cells ( seen in tests ) - dehydration , weight loss - sleeplessness ( insomnia ), depression - headache , sleepiness , dizziness , abnormal sensation in the skin ( numbness or tingling sensation ), taste changes - eye irritation , increased tears , eye redness ( conjunctivitis ) - inflammation of the veins ( thrombophlebitis ) - shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , runny nose - cold sores or other herpes infections - infections of the lungs or respiratory system ( e . g . pneumonia or bronchitis ) - bleeding from the gut , constipation , pain in upper abdomen , indigestion , excess wind , dry mouth - skin rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), skin reddening , dry skin , itching ( pruritus ), skin discolouration , skin loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder - pain in the joints or in the limbs ( extremities ), chest or back - fever , swelling in the limbs , feeling ill - problems with liver function ( seen in blood tests ) and increased blood bilirubin ( excreted by the liver ) uncommon side - effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : - blood infection , urinary tract infection , infection of the skin , infections in the nose and throat , fungal infections ( including those of the mouth ), influenza , gastroenteritis , tooth abscess - lumps under the skin ( lipoma ) - decreases in blood cells including platelets , thinning of blood ( seen in tests ) - allergy - diabetes , decrease in blood potassium , malnutrition , increased blood triglycerides - confusional state , panic attacks , depressed mood , decreased libido - difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , balance disorder , fainting , nerve damage ( neuropathy ) and problems with sensation - blurred or double vision - vertigo , ear pain - irregular heartbeat and palpitations ( arrhythmias ), chest pain and heart attack ( infarction ), - blood clots in the deep veins , high or low blood pressure , hot flushes , cold limbs ( extremities ), purple spots on the skin - blood clots in the veins in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ), collapsed lung , coughing up blood , asthma , shortness of breath on exertion - bowel obstruction , collection of fluid in the abdomen , inflammation of the small or large intestine , the stomach or the oesophagus , pain in the lower abdomen , abdominal discomfort , heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), blood in the stool - jaundice ( yellowing of skin and eyes ) - skin ulcer and blister , reaction of the skin with sunlight , reddening of palms , swelling or pain of the face - joint swelling or stiffness , bone pain , muscle weakness or stiffness - fluid collection in the kidneys , increased frequency of urination during the night , incontinence , blood in the urine , increase in blood creatinine ( sign of kidney dysfunction ) - unusual bleeding from the vagina - swelling ( oedema ), chills and rigors some of these side effects are more common when capecitabine is used with other medicines for the treatment of cancer . other side - effects seen in this setting are the following : common side - effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : - decrease in blood sodium , magnesium or calcium , increase in blood sugar 48 - nerve pain - ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), loss of hearing - vein inflammation - hiccups , change in voice - pain or altered / abnormal sensation in the mouth , pain in the jaw - sweating , night sweats - muscle spasm - difficulty in urination , blood or protein in the urine - bruising or reaction at the injection site ( caused by medicines given by injection at the same time ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : - narrowing or blockage of tear duct ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) - liver failure - inflammation leading to dysfunction or obstruction in bile secretion ( cholestatic hepatitis ) - specific changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - certain types of arrhythmia ( including ventricular fibrillation , torsade de pointes , and bradycardia ) - eye inflammation causing eye pain and possibly eyesight problems - inflammation of the skin causing red scaly patches due to an immune system illness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : - severe skin reaction such as skin rash , ulceration and blistering which may involve ulcers of the mouth , nose , genitalia , hands , feet and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
4 how to store docefrez 5 further information 1 what docefrez is and what it is used for docefrez contains the active substance docetaxel . docetaxel , derived from yew - tree needles , belongs to a group of anti - cancer medicines called taxanes . docefrez is used , either alone or in combination with other medicines , for the treatment of the following kinds of cancer : - advanced breast cancer , alone or with doxorubicin , or trastuzumab , or capecitabine - early breast cancer with or without lymph node involvement , with doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide - non - small cell lung cancer ( nsclc ), alone or with cisplatin - prostate cancer , with prednisone or prednisolone - metastatic gastric cancer , with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil - head and neck cancer , with cisplatin and 5 - fluorouracil . 2 before you use docefrez do not use docefrez - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of docefrez - if your number of white blood cells is too low - if you have severe liver disease take special care with docefrez tell your doctor if you have : - heart problems - liver problems - kidney problems before each docefrez dose , you will have blood tests to check that your blood cell counts and liver function are adequate . using other medicines 100 please tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - ritonavir and other protease inhibitors , used to treat hiv infection / aids - ketoconazole and itraconazole , used to treat fungal infections - ciclosporin , used to suppress your immune system ( e . g . after transplants ) - erythromycin , antibiotic used for bacterial infections pregnancy ask your doctor for advice before being given any medicine . you must not use docefrez if you are pregnant unless clearly indicated by your doctor . you must not become pregnant during treatment with this medicine and must use an effective method of contraception during therapy , because docefrez may be harmful for the unborn baby . if pregnancy occurs during your treatment , you must immediately inform your doctor . if you are a man being treated with docefrez you are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because docetaxel may alter male fertility . breast - feeding you must not breast - feed while using docefrez . driving and using machines there are no studies on the effects of docefrez on the ability to drive and use machines . however , given that it can cause dizziness , tiredness and fainting , you should not drive or use machines if you experience any of these side effects . important information about some of the ingredients of docefrez the solvent contains small amounts of ethanol ( alcohol ), less than 100 mg per dose . 3 how to use docefrez your doctor will calculate your dose according to your body surface area in square metres ( depends on weight and height ) and your general condition . you will be given docefrez by a healthcare professional in the hospital . it is administered through a drip into a vein ( intravenous infusion ) for about one hour . you should usually receive your docefrez infusion every three weeks . your doctor may change the dose and / or frequency of administration depending on the results of your blood tests , your general condition and the occurence of certain side effects . tell your doctor or nurse if you have fever , diarrhoea , sores in the mouth , feeling of numbness or pins and needles . your doctor may prescribe you other medicines before or during treatment with docefrez : - to minimise allergic reactions and fluid retention ( pre - treatment with an oral corticoid such as dexamethasone ), - to stimulate your bone marrow to produce more blood cells ( e . g . filgrastim ). if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse . 4 . possible side effects like all medicines , docefrez can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined as follows : - very common : affects more than 1 user in 10 - common : affects 1 to 10 users in 100 - uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 - rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 - very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 - not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . the most frequent side effects of docefrez , when given alone , are decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness ( all very common ). tell your doctor or nurse immediately during or shortly after the infusion , you notice any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions ( very common ): - flushing , skin reactions , itching - chest tightness , difficulty in breathing - fever or chills - back pain - low blood pressure . other very common side effects : fever *: tell your doctor or nurse immediately infections , including pneumonia and blood poisoning decreased number of red bloods cells ( anaemia , with symptoms of such as paleness , weakness ) decreased number of white blood cells ( may make you more prone to infections ) decreased number of platelets ( increased risk of unexpected bleedings ) allergic reactions ( see above ) headache * , insomnia * feeling of numbness or pins and needles , taste disturbances ( due to nerve damage ) pain in the joints or muscles inflammation of the eye or increased watering of the eyes swelling caused by fluids from the lymph nodes spreading to uncommon places swelling of the hands , feet , legs shortness of breath , cough * dripping or running nose ; inflammation of the throat and nose * bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth nausea , vomiting , indigestion *, bellyache * diarrhoea , constipation * hair loss redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body )* change in the colour of your nails *, which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain * change or absence of menstrual period * tiredness , pain , flu - like symptoms * 102 loss of appetite ( anorexia ), weight gain or loss * common side effects : fungal infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) dehydration dizziness , hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ; irregular heart beat ( arrhythmia ) dry mouth , difficulty or painful swallowing , inflammation of the gullet ( oesophagitis ) bleeding raised liver enzymes ( in blood tests ) uncommon side effects : fainting at the injection site ; skin reactions , inflammation of the vein or swelling inflammation of the colon , small intestine ; intestinal perforation blood clots . when docefrez is given in combination with other anti - cancer medicines , the frequency or severity of some side effects may increase . side effects marked with "*" have been reported when docefrez was given in combination . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or nurse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache 70 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased appetite feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal blurred vision , double vision vertigo , problems with balance , fall dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen difficulties with erection swelling of the body including extremities feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking weight gain muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , pain in limb sore throat uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attacks , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , dizziness on standing , sensitive skin , loss of taste , burning sensation , tremor on movement , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , fainting , increased sensitivity to noise , feeling unwell dry eyes , eye swelling , eye pain , weak eyes , watery eyes , eye irritation heart rhythm disturbances , increased heart rate , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart beat , heart failure flushing , hot flushes difficulty breathing , dry nose , nasal congestion increased saliva production , heartburn , numb around mouth sweating , rash , chills , fever muscle twitching , joint swelling , muscle stiffness , pain including muscle pain , neck pain breast pain difficulty with or painful urination , incontinence weakness , thirst , chest tightness changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ) hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring painful menstrual periods coldness of hands and feet rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss dilated pupils , cross eyes cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue inflammation of the pancreas difficulty in swallowing slow or reduced movement of the body 71 difficulty with writing properly increased fluid in the abdomen fluid in the lungs convulsions changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances muscle damage breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males interrupted menstrual periods kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention decrease in white blood cell count inappropriate behaviour allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affecr up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : heart problems : a slower or faster heart beat than usual or fluttering of the heartand symptoms that can include cough , shortness of breath , and swelling ( fluid retention ) in your legs or arms . injection related reactions : these may be mild or more severe and may include feeling sick , fever , chills , feeling tired , headache , loss of appetite , joint and muscle pains , and hot flushes . diarrhoea : these may be mild or moderate but can be very severe or long - lasting diarrhoea , passing 7 or more watery stools in a day . low number of white blood cells as shown in a blood test . this may or may not be with a fever . allergic reactions : swelling of your face and throat , with difficulty in breathing , this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . tumour lysis syndrome ( where cancer cells die quickly ). symptoms may include : kidney problems - signs include weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and confusion , heart problems - signs include fluttering of the heart or a faster or slower heart beat , seizures ( fits ), vomiting or diarrhoea and tingling in the mouth , hands or feet . tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): hair loss rash inflammation of your digestive tract ( e . g . sore mouth ) decrease in the number of red blood cells as shown in a blood test 54 muscle weakness constipation loss of taste , or a change in the way things taste not being able to sleep weak , numb , tingling or prickling sensations mainly affecting the feet and legs nose bleeds heartburn dry , itchy or acne like skin pain at the injection site , reddened skin ( erythema ) and bruising at the injection site nail problems , such as discoloration like white or dark streaks or change in nail color sore throat , red , sore or runny nose , flu - like symptoms and fever which may lead to infection of the ear , nose or throat producing more tears pain in the body , arms , legs , and belly common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): a feeling of numbness , prickling or tingling in your hands sharp jabbing , throbbing , freezing or burning pain feeling pain from something which should not be painful , such as a light touch reduced ability to feel changes in temperature loss of balance or coordination inflammation of the nail bed where the nail and skin meet condition in which the left part of the heart is not working properly with or without symptoms uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest symptoms such as a dry cough or breathlessness ( possible signs of ' interstitial lung disease ', a condition of damage to the tissues around the air sacs in the lungs ) fluid around the lungs causing difficulty in breathing if you get any of the side effects above , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . if you get any of the above after treatment with phesgo has been stopped , you should get in touch with your doctor immediately and say that you have previously been treated with phesgo . some of the side effects which you get may be due to your breast cancer . if you are given phesgo with chemotherapy at the same time , some side effects may also be due to these other medicines . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . about 14 out of 100 patients having this injection have been found to produce antibodies in their blood reacting against the antibody present in scintimun . this may increase the risk of allergic reactions in case of repeated administration of scintimun . therefore you should not receive scintimun a second time . in case of allergic reaction you will receive appropriate treatment from your doctor . possible side effects are listed in the order of their frequency below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): development of human anti - mouse antibodies reacting against the antibody in scintimun ( antibody of the mouse cells ) with a risk of allergic reaction 28 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction , including swelling of the face , hives ( urticaria ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness muscle or joint pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or the specialist in nuclear medicine . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported during the use of jorveza : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people − fungal infections in the gullet ( which can cause pain or discomfort when swallowing ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people − headache − fungal infections in the mouth and throat ( symptoms can be white spots ) − heartburn − indigestion − feeling sick ( nausea ) − tingling or numbness in your mouth − tiredness − decreased amount of the hormone cortisol in your blood . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people − difficulty in sleeping − anxiety − dizziness − taste disorder − dry eyes − high blood pressure − cough , dry throat − abdominal pain , upper abdominal pain − difficulty swallowing − inflammation of the stomach , ulcers in the stomach − burning tongue , swelling of the lips , dry mouth − rash , itching rash − sensation of foreign body − pain in the mouth or throat . the following side effects have been reported and are typical with medicines similar to jorveza ( corticosteroids ), and can therefore also occur with this medicine . the frequency of these events is currently not known : − increased risk of infection − cushing ' s syndrome , which is associated with too much corticosteroid and causes roundness of the face , weight gain , high blood sugar , build - up of fluid in the tissues ( e . g . swollen legs ), reduced potassium level in the blood ( hypokalaemia ), irregular periods in women , unwanted body hair in women , impotence , stretch marks on the skin , acne . − slowed growth in children − mood changes , such as depression , irritability or euphoria − restlessness with increased physical activity , aggression 28 − increased pressure in the brain , possibly with increased pressure in the eye ( swelling of the optic disk ) in adolescents − blurred vision − increased risk of blood clots , inflammation of the blood vessels ( which can happen when the medicine is stopped after long - term use ) − constipation , ulcers in the small intestine − inflammation of the pancreas , which causes severe pain in the belly and back − rash , red spots from bleeding in the skin , delayed wound healing , skin reactions such as contact dermatitis , bruising − muscle and joint pain , muscle weakness , muscle twitching − weakening of the bones ( osteoporosis ), bone damage due to poor circulation of blood ( osteonecrosis ) − general feeling of being ill . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , regranex can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). stop using regranex and tell your doctor straight away if you notice or suspect the following : excessive growth of new tissue at the wound ( rare ) infected skin ulcer ( very common ) 16 other side effects common infections of the bone which may be seen as fever , severe pain , swelling and redness around the bone that is affected redness and pain of skin uncommon burning sensation at the application site rare blisters and swelling under the skin if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , clopidogrel 1a pharma can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ) reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma '). side effects may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined as follows : very common : affects more than 1 user in 10 common : affects 1 to 10 users in 100 uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . other side effects reported with clopidogrel are : - common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by efavirenz teva or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . the most notable unwanted effects reported with efavirenz in combination with other anti - hiv medicines are skin rash and nervous system symptoms . you should consult your doctor if you have a rash , since some rashes may be serious ; however , most cases of rash disappear without any change to your treatment with efavirenz teva . rash was more common in children than in adults treated with efavirenz . the nervous system symptoms tend to occur when treatment is first started , but generally decrease in the first few weeks . in one study , nervous system symptoms often occurred during the first 1 - 3 hours after taking a dose . if you are affected your doctor may suggest that you take efavirenz teva at bedtime and on an empty stomach . some patients have more serious symptoms that may affect mood or the ability to think clearly . some patients have actually committed suicide . these problems tend to occur more often in those who have a history of mental illness . always notify your doctor immediately if you have these symptoms or any side effects while taking efavirenz teva . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , problems with coordination or balance - stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - itching - tiredness - feeling anxious , feeling depressed tests may show : - increased liver enzymes in the blood - increased triglycerides ( fatty acids ) in the blood 51 uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - nervousness , forgetfulness , confusion , fitting ( seizures ), abnormal thoughts - blurred vision - a feeling of spinning or tilting ( vertigo ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach ) caused by inflammation of the pancreas - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) that may cause severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome ) - yellow skin or eyes , itching , or pain in the abdomen ( stomach ) caused by inflammation of the liver - breast enlargement in males - angry behaviour , mood being affected , seeing or hearing things that are not really there ( hallucinations ), mania ( mental condition characterised by episodes of overactivity , elation or irritability ), paranoia , suicidal thoughts , catatonia ( condition in which the patient is rendered motionless and speechless for a period ) - whistling , ringing or other persistent noise in the ears - tremor ( shaking ) - flushing tests may show : - increased cholesterol in the blood rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - itchy rash caused by a reaction to sunlight - liver failure , in some cases leading to death or liver transplant , has occurred with efavirenz . most cases occurred in patients who already had liver disease , but there have been a few reports in patients without any existing liver disease . - unexplained feelings of distress not associated with hallucinations , but it may be difficult to think clearly or sensibly - suicide reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . odomzo may cause severe birth defects , you must not become pregnant while taking this medicine ( see " pregnancy ", " breast - feeding ", " fertility " and " contraception for women and men " in section 2 for more information ). stop taking odomzo and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following as these could be signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away if you notice any of the following : severe muscle cramps , muscle pain or muscle weakness . these could be signs of a problem called rhabdomyolysis , which involves the breakdown of muscle tissue . dark urine , decreased urine output or no urine output . these could be signs that your muscle fibre is breaking down , which is harmful to your kidneys . other possible side effects if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people muscle cramps , muscle pain , pain in the bones , ligaments and tendons absence of menstrual periods diarrhoea or heartburn decreased appetite headache disturbed sense of taste or strange taste in the mouth pain in the belly feeling sick vomiting itching hair loss tiredness pain weight loss . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people upset stomach or indigestion constipation rash abnormal hair growth thirst , not passing much urine , weight loss , dry flushed skin , irritability ( possible symptoms of low level of fluids in the body , known as dehydration ). during odomzo treatment , you may also have some abnormal blood test results . these can alert your doctor to possible changes in the function of some parts of your body , for example : high levels of the following enzymes : creatine phosphokinase ( muscle function ), lipase and / or amylase ( pancreas function ), alanine aminotransferase ( alt ) and / or aspartate aminotransferase ( ast ) ( liver function ) high level of creatinine ( kidney function ) high level of sugar in the blood ( known as hyperglycaemia ) low level of haemoglobin ( needed to transport oxygen in the blood ) low level of white blood cells . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) complications of diabetic eye disease ( retinopathy ). you should tell your doctor if you get eye problems , such as changes in vision , during treatment with this medicine . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions ). you must get immediate medical help and inform your doctor straight away if you get symptoms such as breathing problems , swelling of face and throat , wheezing , fast heartbeat , pale and cold skin , feeling dizzy or weak . inflamed pancreas ( acute pancreatitis ) which could cause severe pain in the stomach and back which does not go away . you should see a doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ) this usually goes away over time diarrhoea this usually goes away over time low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when this medicine is used with medicines that contain a sulfonylurea or insulin . your doctor may reduce your dose of these medicines before you start using this medicine . the warning signs of low blood sugar may come on suddenly . they can include : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , fast heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ) or very hungry , changes in vision , feeling sleepy or weak , feeling nervous , anxious or confused , difficulty concentrating or shaking . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you notice these warning signs . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when this medicine is used with oral diabetes medicine other than sulfonylurea or insulin being sick ( vomiting ) upset stomach or indigestion inflamed stomach (' gastritis ') the signs include stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) reflux or heartburn also called ' gastro - esophageal reflux disease ' stomach pain bloating of the stomach constipation tiredness less appetite gas ( flatulence ) 38 increase of pancreatic enzymes ( such as lipase and amylase ) shown in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) weight loss gallstones burping fast pulse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get a rash , tell your doctor immediately because this could mean that you have an allergic reaction to cayston . very common side effects ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - cough - blocked nose - wheezing - sore throat - shortness of breath - high temperature . this may be more common in children than in adults . common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - difficulty breathing - chest discomfort - runny nose - coughing up blood - rash 37 - joint pain - lower lung function test results uncommon side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1000 ) - joint swelling the following side effects have been observed after the use of aztreonam for injection , but not after taking cayston : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat with difficulty in swallowing or breathing , sweating , skin irritation and flaking , itchy rash , flushing , small red spots and very rarely , blistering of the skin . all these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you have any of these effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get side effects your doctor may decide to lower your dose , stop treatment temporarily or permanently . please also refer to the package leaflet for vemurafenib , which is used in combination with cotellic . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects listed below or if these get worse during treatment . severe bleeding ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) cotellic can cause severe bleeding , especially in your brain or stomach . depending on the area of the bleeding , symptoms may include : ∑ headaches , dizziness , or weakness ∑ vomiting blood ∑ abdominal pain ∑ red or black coloured stools . eye ( vision ) problems ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) cotellic can cause eye problems . some of these eye problems may be a result of " serous retinopathy " ( a build - up of fluid under the retina in the eye ). symptoms of serous retinopathy include : ∑ blurred vision ∑ distorted vision ∑ partly missing vision ∑ any other changes to your sight . heart problems ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) cotellic can lower the amount of blood pumped by your heart . symptoms may include : ∑ feeling dizzy ∑ feeling light - headed ∑ feeling short of breath ∑ feeling tired ∑ feeling like your heart is pounding , racing or beating unevenly ∑ swelling in the legs . muscle problems ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) cotellic can result in the breakdown of muscle ( rhabdomyolysis ), symptoms may include : ∑ muscle aches ∑ muscle spasms and weakness ∑ dark - or red - coloured urine . diarrhoea ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor straight away if you get diarrhoea and follow your doctor ' s instructions for what to do to help prevent or treat diarrhoea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) ∑ increased skin sensitivity to sunlight ∑ skin rash ∑ feeling sick ( nausea ) ∑ fever ∑ chills ∑ increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) ∑ abnormal blood test results related to creatine phosphokinase , an enzyme found mainly in heart , brain and skeletal muscle ∑ vomiting ∑ skin rash with a flat discoloured area or raised bump like acne ∑ high blood pressure ∑ anaemia ( a low level of red blood cells ) ∑ bleeding ∑ abnormal thickening of the skin . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ some types of skin cancer such as basal cell carcinoma , cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma and keratoacanthoma ∑ dehydration , when your body does not have enough fluid ∑ decreased levels of phosphate or sodium ( shown in blood tests ) ∑ increased sugar level ( shown in blood tests ) ∑ increased liver pigment ( called " bilirubin ") in the blood . signs include yellowing of the skin or eyes ∑ inflammation of the lungs that may cause difficulty breathing , and can be life - threatening ( called " pneumonitis "). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka d . d . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take slightly longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ''). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with chest or abdominal pain , persistent low blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects 33 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are : coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) ( common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), acute bleeding from the lungs ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) may result in coughing up blood , cases with fatal outcomes were observed ( uncommon side effect , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens , contact your doctor immediately as you may need urgent medical treatment . overall list of possible side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - headache - dizziness - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - swelling of limbs ( oedema peripheral ) - diarrhoea - feeling or being sick ( nausea and vomiting ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - inflammation in the digestive system ( gastroenteritis ) - reduction of red blood cells ( anaemia ) seen as pale skin , weakness or breathlessness - awareness of an irregular , hard , or rapid heartbeat ( palpitation ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - nose bleed ( epistaxis ) - difficulty breathing through your nose ( nasal congestion ) - pain in the stomach , intestine or abdomen ( gastrointestinal and abdominal pain ) - heartburn ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - difficulty in swallowing ( dysphagia ) - constipation - bloating ( abdominal distension ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , mabcampath can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor may give you other medicines or change your dose to help reduce any side effects ( see section 2 " take special care "). serious side effects , including difficulty in breathing , inflammation of the lungs , extreme shortness of breath , fainting , heart attack , low red blood cell and low blood platelet levels , infections , bleeding in the brain ( intracranial haemorrhage ) have occurred with fatal outcome . diseases related to an overactive immune system where your immune system attacks your own body can lead to low red blood cells , low blood platelets and / or low white blood cells , and nerve disorders , and these can also be fatal . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . in addition , testing indicating the presence of antibodies that may destroy red blood cells ( coombs test ) has been reported . very common side effects ( seen in at least 1 in every 10 patients treated in clinical trials ): usually one or more of these effects happen during the first week after the start of treatment : fever , shivering / chills , sweating , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , low blood pressure , low white / red blood cell levels , infections including pneumonia and blood poisoning , irritation and / or blistering of the mouth region , low blood platelet levels , tiredness , rash , itching , red raised lesions on the skin , shortness of breath , headache , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . they are usually only mild or moderate problems and they gradually diminish during the course of treatment . common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 patients in every 100 patients treated in clinical trials ): high blood pressure , fast or slow heart rate , feeling your heart racing , blood vessel spasm becoming red in the face , bruising of the skin taste changes decreased sense of touch dizziness , sensation of spinning , fainting , shaking or trembling movements , feeling restless eye inflammation ( e . g . conjunctivitis ) pins and needles or burning sensation of the skin abnormal liver function , constipation , indigestion , passing abdominal gas inflammation , irritation and / or tightness of the lungs , throat and / or sinuses , too little oxygen reaching the body organs , coughing , coughing up of blood abdominal bleeding ( e . g . in the stomach and intestine ) injection site reactions including redness , swelling , pain , bruising , inflammation generally feeling unwell , weakness , pain in various parts of the body ( muscle , back , chest , bones , joints , stomach and intestine ) weight loss , dehydration , thirst , swelling of the lower legs , temperature change sensation , low calcium or sodium blood levels flu - like symptoms abscess , skin redness or allergic skin reaction , blistering of the skin confusion , anxiety , depression , sleeplessness uncommon side effects ( affects 1 to 10 patients in every 1 , 000 patients treated in clinical trials ): bone marrow disorders heart disorders ( heart stopping , heart attack , heart congestion , irregular heart rate ) blood disorders ( abnormal clotting , decreased protein , low potassium levels ) high blood sugar , worsening diabetes bleeding and inflammation of the gums , blisters on the tongue , nosebleeds fluid in the lungs , difficulty breathing , harsh sound when breathing , runny nose , abnormal findings in the lungs , lymph gland disorders nervousness , abnormal thinking swelling around the eye ringing sound in the ears , deafness hiccups , burping hoarseness abnormal kidney function paralysis of the small bowel impotence unsteadiness , increased muscle tone unusual increased or altered sensitivity to touch abnormal sensation / feeling or movement 52 pain when urinating , decreases in urine flow , increased frequency in urination , blood in urine , incontinence tumour lysis syndrome ( a metabolic disorder , which may begin with pains in the side and blood in the urine ) if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or your pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) may occur very commonly with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). it can be very serious . if your blood sugar level falls too much , you may become unconscious . serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . if you have symptoms of low blood sugar , take actions to increase your blood sugar level immediately . see advice in ' too low blood sugar ' below . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( seen rarely ) to the insulin or any of the ingredients in tresiba , stop using this medicine and see a doctor straight away . the signs of a serious allergic reaction are : the local reactions spread to other parts of your body you suddenly feel unwell with sweating you start being sick ( vomiting ) you experience difficulty in breathing you experience rapid heartbeat or feeling dizzy . skin changes at the injection site : if you inject insulin at the same place , the fatty tissue may shrink ( lipoatrophy ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). lumps under the skin may also be caused by build - up of a protein called amyloid ( cutaneous amyloidosis ; how often this occurs is not known ). the insulin may not work very well if you inject into a lumpy , shrunken or thickened area . change the injection site with each injection to help prevent these skin changes . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) local reactions : local reactions at the place you inject yourself may occur . the signs may include : pain , redness , hives , swelling and itching . the reactions usually disappear after a few days . see your doctor if they do not disappear after a few weeks . stop using tresiba and see a doctor straight away if the reactions become serious . for more information , see ' serious allergic reaction ' above . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around your joints : when you first start using your medicine , your body may keep more water than it should . this causes swelling around your ankles and other joints . this is usually only short - lasting . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) this medicine can cause allergic reactions such as hives , swelling of the tongue and lips , diarrhoea , nausea , tiredness and itching . general effects from diabetes treatment too low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) too low blood sugar may happen if you : drink alcohol ; use too much insulin ; exercise more than usual ; eat too little or miss a meal . warning signs of too low blood sugar these may come on suddenly : headache ; slurred speech ; fast heartbeat ; cold sweat , cool pale skin ; feeling sick , feeling very hungry ; tremor or feeling nervous or worried ; feeling unusually tired , weak and sleepy ; feeling confused , difficulty in concentrating ; short - lasting changes in your sight . what to do if you get too low blood sugar eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack , like sweets , biscuits or fruit juice ( always carry glucose tablets or a high sugar snack , just in case ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . you may need to measure your blood sugar more than once , as with all basal insulin products improvement from the period of low blood sugar may be delayed . wait until the signs of too low blood sugar have gone or when your blood sugar level has settled . then carry on with your insulin as usual . what others need to do if you pass out tell everyone you spend time with that you have diabetes . tell them what could happen if your blood sugar gets too low , including the risk of passing out . let them know that if you pass out , they must : 50 turn you on your side get medical help straight away not give you any food or drink because you may choke . you may recover more quickly from passing out with an injection of glucagon . this can only be given by someone who knows how to use it . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you come round . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . if severe low blood sugar is not treated over time , it can cause brain damage . this can be short or long - lasting . it may even cause death . talk to your doctor if : your blood sugar got so low that you passed out you have used an injection of glucagon you have had too low blood sugar a few times recently . this is because the dosing or timing of your insulin injections , food or exercise may need to be changed . too high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) too high blood sugar may happen if you : eat more or exercise less than usual ; drink alcohol ; get an infection or a fever ; have not used enough insulin ; keep using less insulin than you need ; forget to use your insulin or stop using insulin without talking to your doctor . warning signs of too high blood sugar these normally appear gradually : flushed , dry skin ; feeling sleepy or tired ; dry mouth , fruity ( acetone ) breath ; urinating more often , feeling thirsty ; losing your appetite , feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ). these may be signs of a very serious condition called ketoacidosis . this is a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar . if not treated , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death . what to do if you get too high blood sugar test your blood sugar level . test your urine or blood for ketones . get medical help straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when you get imfinzi , you can have some serious side effects ( see section 2 ). talk to your doctor straight away if you get any of the following side effects , that have been reported in clinical trials with durvalumab , and includes the serious side effects listed in section 2 : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections of the upper respiratory tract serious lung infections ( pneumonia ) underactive thyroid gland that can cause tiredness or weight gain cough inflammation of the lungs ( pneumonitis ) diarrhoea stomach pain skin rash or itchiness fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tooth and mouth soft tissue infections flu overactive thyroid gland that can cause fast heart rate or weight loss hoarse voice ( dysphonia ) inflammation of the gut or intestine ( colitis ) abnormal liver tests ( aspartate aminotransferase increased ; alanine aminotransferase increased ) night sweats muscle pain ( myalgia ) abnormal kidney function tests ( blood creatinine increased ) painful urination swelling of the legs ( oedema peripheral ) reaction to the infusion of the medicine that can cause fever or flushing 33 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased secretion of hormones produced by the adrenal glands that can cause tiredness a condition leading to high blood sugar levels ( type 1 diabetes mellitus ) inflammation of the liver that can cause nausea or feeling less hungry blistering of the skin inflammation of the muscle inflammation of the kidneys ( nephritis ) that can decrease the amount of your urine rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) underactive function of pituitary gland ( hypopituitarism including diabetes insipidus ) that can cause tiredness , an increase in the amount of your urine inflammation of the heart a condition in which the muscles become weak and there is a rapid fatigue of the muscles ( myasthenia gravis ). talk to your doctor straight away if you get any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you need to pay special attention if you get the following side effects during treatment with ofev : diarrhoea ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea may lead to dehydration : a loss of fluid and important salts ( electrolytes , such as sodium or potassium ) from your body . at the first signs of diarrhoea drink plenty of fluids and contact your doctor immediately . start appropriate anti - diarrhoeal treatment , e . g . with loperamide , as soon as possible . the following other side effects were observed during treatment with this medicine . talk to your doctor if you get any side effects . idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis ( ipf ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - pain in the lower body ( abdomen ) - abnormal liver test results common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting - loss of appetite - weight loss - bleeding - rash - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - pancreatitis - inflammation of the large bowel - serious liver problems - low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - jaundice , that is a yellow colour to the skin and whites of the eyes due to high levels of bilirubin 44 - itching - heart attack - hair loss ( alopecia ) not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - renal failure - an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ) other chronic fibrosing interstitial lung diseases ( ilds ) with a progressive phenotype very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - loss of appetite - pain in the lower body ( abdomen ) - abnormal liver test results common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight loss - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - bleeding - serious liver problems - rash - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - pancreatitis - inflammation of the large bowel - low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) - jaundice , that is a yellow colour to the skin and whites of the eyes due to high levels of bilirubin - itching - heart attack - hair loss ( alopecia ) not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - renal failure - an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ) systemic sclerosis associated interstitial lung disease ( ssc - ild ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - pain in the lower body ( abdomen ) - abnormal liver test results common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - loss of appetite - weight loss - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the large bowel 45 - serious liver problems - renal failure - low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) - rash - itching not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - heart attack - pancreatitis - jaundice , that is a yellow colour to the skin and whites of the eyes due to high levels of bilirubin - an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . constipation is a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). it can be an early symptom of a blockage in your intestine . in case of constipation , please inform your doctor or pharmacist . some side effects could be serious . if you get any of the following side effects , seek immediate medical attention : 70 - allergic reaction ( signs including rash , hives , swelling , trouble breathing ). this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). - blockage in the intestine ( signs include : severe bloating ; abdominal pain , swelling or cramps ; severe constipation ) has been reported . frequency is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - rupture in the intestinal wall ( signs include : severe stomach pain , chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or a tender abdomen ) has been reported . frequency is not known . - serious inflammation of the large bowel ( symptoms include : severe abdominal pain , stomach or intestine disorders , or blood in the stool [ gastrointestinal bleeding ]) and crystal deposit in the intestine have been reported . frequency is not known . other side effects have been reported in patients taking renvela : very common : vomiting , upper abdominal pain , nausea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , flatulence not known : cases of itching , rash , slow intestine motility ( movement ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , ipreziv can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking ipreziv and seek medical help immediately if you have any of the following allergic reactions , which occur rarely ( less than 1 in 1000 people ): - difficulties in breathing , or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) - itching of the skin with raised lumps . other possible side effects include : common side effects affecting less than 1 in 10 people : - dizziness - diarrhoea - increased blood creatine phosphokinase ( an indicator of muscle damage ). uncommon side effects affecting less than 1 in 100 people : - low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or dizzy - feeling tired - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - skin rash and itching - nausea - muscle spasms - increased serum creatinine in the blood ( an indicator of kidney function ) - increased uric acid in the blood ( an indicator of kidney function ). rare side effects affecting less than 1 in 1000 people : - changes in blood test results including decreased levels of a protein in the red blood cells ( haemoglobin ). when ipreziv is taken with chlortalidone ( a water tablet ), higher levels of certain chemicals in the blood ( such as creatinine ), which are indicators of kidney function , have been seen commonly ( in less than 1 in 10 users ), and low blood pressure is also common . swelling of the hands , ankles or feet is more common ( in less than 1 in 10 users ) when ipreziv is taken with amlodipine ( a calcium channel blocker for treating hypertension ) than when ipreziv is taken alone ( less than 1 in 100 users ). the frequency of this event is highest when amlodipine is taken alone . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious serious allergic reactions including angioedema occurred rarely . you should stop taking toviaz and contact your doctor immediately if you develop swelling of the face , mouth or throat . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) you may get a dry mouth . this effect is usually mild or moderate . this may lead to a greater risk of dental caries . therefore , you should brush your teeth regularly twice daily and see a dentist when in doubt . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry eye constipation trouble digesting food ( dyspepsia ) straining or pain when emptying the bladder ( dysuria ) dizziness headache pain in the stomach diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dry throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) urinary tract infection sleepiness ( somnolence ) difficulty tasting ( dysgeusia ) vertigo rash dry skin itching an uncomfortable feeling in the stomach wind ( flatulence ) difficulty in completely emptying the bladder ( urinary retention ) delay in passing urine ( urinary hesitation ) extreme tiredness ( fatigue ) increased heart beat ( tachycardia ) palpitations liver problems cough nasal dryness throat pain stomach acid reflux blurred vision 35 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) urticaria confusion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): severe kidney impairment ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain specific blood tests ). low level of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing sores inside the mouth or jaw , discharge , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zometa or after stopping treatment . irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving zoledronic acid for postmenopausal osteoporosis . it is currently unclear whether zoledronic acid causes this irregular heart rhythm but you should report it to your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid . severe allergic reaction : shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . osteonecrosis has also very rarely been seen occurring with other bones than the jaw , especially the hip or thigh . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , pain or stiffness while being treated with zometa or after stopping treatment . tell your doctor about any of the following side effects as soon as possible : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , drowsiness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . conjunctivitis . low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): hypersensitivity reactions . low blood pressure . chest pain . skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , rash , itching . high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . weight increase . increased sweating . sleepiness . blurred vision , tearing of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . sudden coldness with fainting , limpness or collapse . difficulty in breathing with wheezing or coughing . urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): slow heart beat . confusion . unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ). flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling . painful redness and / or swelling of the eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): fainting due to low blood pressure . severe bone , joint and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using cresemba and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : - rash , swelling of your lips , mouth , tongue or throat with difficulty breathing - these may be signs of an allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : - severe blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes or genitals . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - low potassium in your blood , - decreased appetite , - hallucinations ( delirium ), - headache , - sleepiness , - inflamed veins that could lead to blood clots , - shortness of breath or sudden and severe difficulty breathing , - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , - changes in blood tests of liver function , - rash , itching , - kidney failure ( symptoms could include swelling of legs ), - chest pain , feeling tired or sleepy , - problems where the injection was given . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - reduced white blood cells - can increase your risk of infection and fever , - reduced blood cells called ' platelets ' - can increase your risk for bleeding or bruising , - reduced red blood cells - can make you feel weak or short of breath or make your skin pale , - severe reduction in blood cells - can make you feel weak , cause bruising or make infections more likely , - rash , swelling of your lips , mouth , tongue or throat with difficulty breathing ( hypersensitivity ), - low blood sugar levels , - low blood levels of magnesium , - low levels in the blood of a protein called ' albumin ', - not getting the right goodness from your diet ( malnutrition ), - depression , difficulty sleeping , - seizure , fainting or feeling faint , dizziness , - sensation of tingling , tickling , or pricking of the skin ( paraesthesia ), - altered mental state ( encephalopathy ), - changes in taste ( dysgeusia ), - feeling of ' spinning ' or being dizzy ( vertigo ), - heart beat problems - may be too fast or uneven , or extra heart beats this may show in your heart tracing ( electrocardiogram or ecg ), - problems with the blood circulation , - low blood pressure , 55 - wheezing , very fast breathing , coughing up blood or blood - stained sputum , nose bleeding , - indigestion , - constipation , - feeling bloated ( abdominal distension ), - enlarged liver , - inflammation of the liver , - problems with the skin , red or purple spots on the skin ( petechiae ), inflamed skin ( dermatitis ), hair loss , - back pain , - swelling of the extremities , - feeling weak , very tired , or sleepy or generally out of sorts ( malaise ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this vaccine : allergic reactions if your child has an allergic reaction , see your doctor straight away . the signs may include : rashes that may be itchy or blistering swelling of the eyes and face difficulty in breathing or swallowing a sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these signs usually start very soon after the injection has been given . talk to a doctor straight away if they happen after leaving the doctor ' s surgery . see your doctor straight away if your child has any of the following serious side effects : collapse times when they lose consciousness or have a lack of awareness fits with or without fever these side effects have happened very rarely with infanrix hexa as with other vaccines against whooping cough . they usually happen within 2 to 3 days after vaccination . other side effects include : very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): sleepiness , loss of appetite , high temperature of 38 or higher , swelling , pain , redness where the injection was given , unusual crying , feeling irritable or restless . common ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), high temperature of more than 39 . 5 , swelling larger than 5 cm or hard lump where the injection was given , feeling nervous . uncommon ( these may occur with up to 1 in 100 doses of the vaccine ): upper respiratory tract infection , tiredness , cough , large swelling at the injected limb . rare ( these may occur with up to 1 in 1 , 000 doses of the vaccine ): bronchitis , rash , swollen glands in the neck , armpit or groin ( lymphadenopathy ), bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ( thrombocytopenia ), in babies born very prematurely ( at or before 28 weeks of gestation ) longer gaps than normal between breaths may occur for 2 - 3 days after vaccination , temporarily stopping breathing ( apnoea ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), swelling of the whole injected limb , blisters . very rare ( these may happen with up to 1 in 10 , 000 doses of the vaccine ): itching ( dermatitis ). experience with hepatitis b vaccine in extremely rare cases the following side effects have been reported with hepatitis b vaccine : paralysis , numbness or weakness of the arms and legs ( neuropathy ), inflammation of some nerves , possibly with pins and needles or loss of feeling or normal movement ( guillain - barré syndrome ), swelling or infection of the brain ( encephalopathy , encephalitis ), infection around the brain ( meningitis ). the causal relationship to the vaccine has not been established . bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ( thrombocytopenia ) has been reported with hepatitis b vaccines . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you can usually carry on taking the drops , unless the effects are serious . if you are worried , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . do not stop using cystadrops without speaking to your doctor . the following side effects were reported : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) eye pain eye redness , eye itching , eye irritation ( burning ) watery eyes blurred vision discomfort where the drops have been instilled ( mainly sticky eyes and sticky eyelashes ), medicine deposit on the eyelashes , around the eyes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) abnormal sensation in eye , a feeling of something in the eye dry eyes swollen eyelid irritation of eyelid visual impairement pain where the drops have been instilled stye reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are not severe and normally disappear within a few days or weeks after treatment . if you or your child gets a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat with difficulty in swallowing or breathing , these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , taking this leaflet with you . a heart problem , called qt prolongation , can occur while taking eurartesim and for some days after taking the last dose . this can cause a life - threatening abnormality of the heart rhythm . your doctor may take electrical recordings of the heart ( electrocardiogram , ecg ) while you or your child is being treated and after the last dose is given . your doctor will advise you when these readings will be taken . if you notice anything different about your or your child ' s heart rhythm or have symptoms ( such as palpitations or irregular heart beat ) you should contact your doctor as soon as possible and before the next dose is due . sometimes a problem with your red blood cells , called haemolytic anaemia can occur after receiving malaria treatment . contact your doctor immediately if you or your child develops one or more of the following symptoms after treatment with eurartesim : pale skin , general weakness , headache , shortness of breath and rapid heartbeat ; particularly with exercise , confusion , dizziness , or dark - coloured urine . side effects in adults common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anaemia , headache , heart rhythm disturbances ( ecg changes or noticing unusually fast heart beats or palpitations ), fever , general weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) influenza , respiratory infections , poor appetite or loss of appetite , dizziness , convulsions ( fits ), irregular or slow heart rate , cough , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , nausea , inflammation or enlargement of the liver , abnormal liver function tests , itching , pain in the muscles or joints . side effects in children very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) influenza , cough , fever . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections , ear infection , anaemia , abnormalities in various types of blood cells ( white blood cells and platelets ), poor appetite or loss of appetite , eye infection , heart rhythm disturbances ( change as in adults , ecg changes ), abdominal pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , skin inflammation , rash , general weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) abnormalities in red blood cells , excessive numbers of platelets , enlargement of some organs ( such as liver or spleen ), swollen lymph glands , convulsions ( fits ), headache , abnormal heart sounds ( heard by your doctor with a stethoscope ), nose bleeds , runny nose , nausea , inflammation of the mouth , inflammation or enlargement of the liver , jaundice , abnormal liver function blood tests , skin itching and inflammation , pain in the joints . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , duloxetine boehringer ingelheim can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common side effects ( these can affect more than 10 in 100 patients treated ) feeling sick ( nausea ), somnolence , headache , dizziness and dry mouth common side effects ( these can affect from 1 to 10 users in 100 patients treated ) tiredness , trouble sleeping , anxiety , feeling agitated or having abnormal dreams tremor or numbness , including numbness or tingling of the skin diarrhoea , constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), heartburn , breaking wind , stomach pain 43 tinnitus ( perception of sound in the ear when there is no external sound ) blurred eyesight feeling the heart pumping in the chest , flushing , increased sweating , night sweats problems getting an erection , less sex drive ( itchy ) rash muscle pain , muscle tightness , muscle spasm increased yawning lack of appetite , weight loss uncommon side effects ( these can affect from 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 patients treated ) throat inflammation feeling disorientated , feeling sleepy , lack of motivation tasting things differently than usual , disturbance in attention , stiffness , spasms and involuntary movements of the muscles , muscle twitching , abnormal manner of walking poor sleep quality restless legs syndrome burping , indigestion , gastroenteritis vertigo , ear pain inflammation of the liver that may cause abdominal pain large pupils ( the dark centre of the eye ), visual disturbance fast or irregular heart beat sexual problems , including changes in ejaculation and abnormal orgasm abnormal periods , including heavy or prolonged periods allergic reactions , increased tendency to bruise , blisters or sensitivity to sunlight increase in blood pressure , feeling cold in your fingers and / or toes , feeling dizzy ( particularly when standing up too quickly ), cold sweats , shivering or fainting an increased level of sugar in the blood need to pass more urine than normal , need to pass urine during the night , difficulty or inability to pass urine or having an urine flow decreased grinding of teeth , feeling hot / cold , thirst , throat tightness , nose bleeds weight gain rare side effects ( these can affect from 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 patients treated ) decreased thyroid gland activity dehydration mania ( over activity , racing thoughts and decrease need for sleep ) bad breath increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) menopausal symptoms contraction of the jaw muscle increased level of cholesterol in the blood , low levels of sodium in the blood ( the symptoms are feeling sick and unwell with weak muscles or confused ), serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness or hives fits other possible side effects hallucinations , suicidal thoughts , behaviour aggression and anger a sensation of restlessness or an inability to sit or stand still or " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ) passing bright red blood in your stools , vomiting blood , or black tarry stools ( faeces ) having abnormal urine odour syndrome of inadequate secretion of anti - diuretic hormone ( siadh ) chest pain 44 yellow colouration of the skin ( jaundice ), hepatic failure , stevens - johnson syndrome , sudden swelling of skin or mucosa ( angioedema ) if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a ) summary of serious and very common side effects low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . low blood sugar may occur if you : inject too much insulin . eat too little or miss a meal . exercise more than usual . drink alcohol ( see section 2 drinking alcohol and taking levemir ). signs of low blood sugar : cold sweat ; cool pale skin ; headache ; rapid heartbeat ; feeling sick ; feeling very hungry ; temporary changes in vision ; drowsiness ; unusual tiredness and weakness ; nervousness or tremor ; feeling anxious ; feeling confused ; difficulty in concentrating . severe low blood sugar can lead to unconsciousness . if prolonged severe low blood sugar is not treated , it can cause brain damage ( temporary or permanent ) and even death . you may recover more quickly from unconsciousness with an injection of the hormone glucagon given by someone who knows how to use it . if you are given glucagon you will need glucose or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when the symptoms of low blood sugar have disappeared or when your blood sugar level is stabilised , continue insulin treatment as usual . if you have such low blood sugar that makes you pass out , if you have had the need for an injection of glucagon , or if you have experienced many incidents of low blood sugar , talk to a 47 doctor . the amount or timing of insulin , food or exercise may need to be adjusted . tell relevant people that you have diabetes and what the consequences may be , including the risk of passing out ( becoming unconscious ) due to low blood sugar . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn you on your side and get medical help straight away . they must not give you any food or drink because you may choke . serious allergic reaction to levemir or one of its ingredients ( called a systemic allergic reaction ) is a very rare side effect but can potentially be life threatening . it may affect less than 1 in 10 , 000 people . seek medical advice immediately : if signs of allergy spread to other parts of your body . if you suddenly feel unwell , and you : start sweating ; start being sick ( vomiting ); have difficulty in breathing ; have a rapid heartbeat ; feel dizzy . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) list of other side effects uncommon side effects may affect less than 1 in 100 people . signs of allergy : local allergic reactions ( pain , redness , hives , inflammation , bruising , swelling and itching ) at the injection site may occur . these usually disappear after a few weeks of taking your insulin . if they do not disappear , or if they spread throughout your body , talk to your doctor immediately . see also serious allergic reaction above . vision problems : when you first start your insulin treatment , it may disturb your vision , but the disturbance is usually temporary . changes at the injection site ( lipodystrophy ): the fatty tissue under the skin at the injection site may shrink ( lipoatrophy ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy ). changing the site with each injection reduces the risk of developing such skin changes . if you notice your skin pitting or thickening at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse . these reactions can become more severe , or they may change the absorption of your insulin , if you inject in such a site . swollen joints : when you start taking insulin , water retention may cause swelling around your ankles and other joints . normally this soon disappears . if not , contact your doctor . diabetic retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes which can lead to loss of vision ): if you have diabetic retinopathy and your blood sugar level improves very fast , the retinopathy may get worse . ask your doctor about this . rare side effects may affect less than 1 in 1 , 000 people . painful neuropathy ( pain due to nerve damage ): if your blood sugar level improves very fast , you may get nerve related pain , this is called acute painful neuropathy and is usually transient . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes 48 high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : increased urination ; feeling thirsty ; losing your appetite ; feeling sick ( nausea or vomiting ); feeling drowsy or tired ; flushed ; dry skin ; dry mouth and a fruity ( acetone ) smell of the breath . what to do if you experience high blood sugar : if you get any of above signs : test your blood sugar level , test your urine for ketones if you can , then seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however some patients may experience serious side effects and may require treatment . side effects may also occur after your treatment with flixabi has stopped . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , skin rash , hives , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . some of these reactions may be serious or life - threatening . an allergic reaction could happen within 2 hours of your injection or later . more signs of allergic side effects that may happen up to 12 days after your injection include pain in the muscles , fever , joint or jaw pain , sore throat or headache . signs of a heart problem such as chest discomfort or pain , arm pain , stomach pain , shortness of breath , anxiety , lightheadedness , dizziness , fainting , sweating , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , and swelling of your feet . signs of infection ( including tb ) such as fever , feeling tired , cough which may be persistent , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , weight loss , night sweats , diarrhoea , wounds , collection of pus in the gut or around the anus ( abscess ), dental problems or burning sensation when urinating possible signs of cancer including but not limited to swelling of lymph nodes , weight loss , fever , unusual skin nodules , changes in moles or skin colouring , or unusual vaginal bleeding signs of a lung problem such as coughing , breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest signs of a nervous system problem ( including eye problems ) such as signs of a stroke ( sudden numbness or weakness of your face , arm or leg , especially on one side of your body ; sudden confusion , trouble speaking or understanding ; trouble seeing in one or both eyes , trouble walking , dizziness , loss of balance or coordination or a severe headache ), fits , tingling / numbness in any part of your body , or weakness in arms or legs , changes in eyesight such as double vision or other eye problems signs of a liver problem ( including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) such as yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark - brown coloured urine , pain or swelling in the upper right side of the stomach area , joint pain , skin rashes , or fever signs of an immune system disorder such as joint pain or a rash on cheeks or arms that is sensitive to the sun ( lupus ) or cough , shortness of breath , fever or skin rash ( sarcoidosis ) signs of low blood counts such as persistent fever , bleeding or bruising more easily , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , or looking pale . signs of serious skin problems such as reddish - target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) skin , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes or small pus - filled bumps that can spread over the body . these skin reactions can be accompanied by fever . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the above . the following side effects have been observed with infliximab : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people stomach pain , feeling sick viral infections such as herpes or flu upper respiratory infections such as sinusitis headache side effect due to an infusion pain . common : may affect up to 1 10 people changes in how your liver works , increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) lung or chest infections such as bronchitis or pneumonia difficult or painful breathing , chest pain bleeding in the stomach or intestines , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn , constipation nettle - type rash ( hives ), itchy rash or dry skin balance problems or feeling dizzy fever , increased sweating circulation problems such as low or high blood pressure bruising , hot flush or nosebleed , warm , red skin ( flushing ) feeling tired or weak bacterial infections such as blood poisoning , abscess or infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) infection of the skin due to a fungus blood problems such as anaemia or low white blood cell count swollen lymph nodes depression , problems sleeping eye problems , including red eyes and infections 55 fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) or palpitations pain in the joints , muscles or back urinary tract infection psoriasis , skin problems such as eczema and hair loss reactions at the injection site such as pain , swelling , redness or itching chills , a build up of fluid under the skin causing swelling feeling numb or having a tingling feeling . uncommon : may affect up to1 in 100 people shortage of blood supply , swelling of a vein collection of blood outside the blood vessels ( haematoma ) or bruising skin problems such as blistering , warts , abnormal skin colouration or pigmentation , or swollen lips , or thickening of the skin , or red , scaly and flaky skin severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), an immune system disorder called lupus , allergic reactions to foreign proteins wounds taking longer to heal swelling of the liver ( hepatitis ) or gall bladder , liver damage feeling forgetful , irritable , confused , nervous eye problems including blurred or reduced vision , puffy eyes or sties new or worsening heart failure , slow heart rate fainting convulsions , nerve problems a hole in the bowel or blockage of the intestine , stomach pain or cramps swelling of your pancreas ( pancreatitis ) fungal infections such as yeast infection or fungal infection of the nails lung problems ( such as oedema ) fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) narrowed airway in the lungs , causing difficulty breathing inflamed lining of the lung , causing sharp chest pains that feel worse with breathing ( pleurisy ) tuberculosis kidney infections low platelet count , too many white blood cells infections of the vagina . blood test result showing ' antibodies ' against your own body . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people a type of blood cancer ( lymphoma ) your blood not supplying enough oxygen to your body , circulation problems such as narrowing of a blood vessel inflammation of the lining of the brain ( meningitis ) infections due to a weakened immune system hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past inflamed liver caused by a problem with the immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) liver problem that causes yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) abnormal tissue swelling or growth severe allergic reaction that may cause loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening ( anaphylactic shock ) swelling of small blood vessels ( vasculitis ) immune disorders that could affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( such as sarcoidosis ) collections of immune cells resulting from an inflammatory response ( granulomatous lesions ) lack of interest or emotion serious skin problems such as toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome and acute generalised exanthematous pustulosis 56 other skin problems such as erythema multiforme , lichenoid reactions ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash and / or threadlike white - grey lines on mucous membranes ), blisters and peeling skin , or boils ( furunculosis ) serious nervous system disorders such as transverse myelitis , multiple sclerosis - like disease , optic neuritis and guillain - barré syndrome inflammation in the eye that may cause changes in the vision , including blindness fluid in the lining of the heart ( pericardial effusion ) serious lung problems ( such as interstitial lung disease ) melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ). cervical cancer low blood counts , including a severely decreased number of white blood cells . small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin abnormal values of a blood protein called ' complement factor ' which is part of the immune system . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data cancer in children and adults a rare blood cancer affecting mostly teenage boys or young men ( hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ) liver failure merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ) worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ) heart attack stroke temporary loss of sight during or within 2 hours of infusion infection due to a live vaccine because of a weakened immune system . additional side effects in children and adolescents children and adolescents who took infliximab for crohn ' s disease showed some differences in side effects compared with adults who took infliximab for crohn ' s disease . the side effects that happened more in children were : low red blood cells ( anaemia ), blood in stool , low overall levels of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), redness or blushing ( flushing ), viral infections , low levels of white blood cells that fight infection ( neutropenia ), bone fracture , bacterial infection and allergic reactions of the breathing tract . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take the action to increase your blood sugar levels inmediately . hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar level falls too low , you may pass out 53 ( become unconscious ). serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , see the box at the end of this leaflet . severe allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include large - scale skin reactions ( rash and itching all over the body ), severe swelling of skin or mucous membranes ( angiooedema ), shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure with rapid heartbeat and sweating . severe allergic reactions to insulins may become life - threatening . tell a doctor straight away if you notice signs of severe allergic reaction . skin changes at the injection site if you inject insulin too often at the same place , the skin may either shrink ( lipoatrophy , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). also lumps under the skin caused by a build - up of a protein called amyloid may occur ( cutaneous amyloidosis , how often they occur is not known ). the insulin may not work very well . change the injection site with each injection to help prevent these skin changes . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin and allergic reactions at the injection site the signs may include reddening , unusually intense pain when injecting , itching , hives , swelling or inflammation . they can spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually disappear in a few days to a few weeks . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye reactions a marked change ( improvement or worsening ) in your blood sugar control can disturb your vision temporarily . if you have proliferative retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes ) severe hypoglycaemic attacks may cause temporary loss of vision . general disorders in rare cases , insulin treatment may also cause temporary build - up of water in the body , with swelling in the calves and ankles . very rare side - effects ( may affect up to1 in 10 , 000 people ) in very rare cases , dysgeusia ( taste disorders ) and myalgia ( muscular pain ) can occur . use in children and adolescents in general , the side effects in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . complaints of injection site reactions ( injection site pain , injection site reaction ) and skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ) are reported relatively more frequently in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less than in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious . if you are given bortezomib accord for multiple myeloma or mantle cell lymphoma , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle cramping , muscle weakness - confusion , visual loss or disturbances , blindness , seizures , headaches - shortness of breath , swelling of your feet or changes in your heart beat , high blood pressure , tiredness , fainting - coughing and breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest . treatment with bortezomib accord can very commonly cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . therefore , you will have to take regular blood tests before and during your treatment with bortezomib accord , to check your blood cell counts regularly . you may experience a reduction in the number of : 51 - platelets , which may make you be more prone to bruising , or to bleeding without obvious injury ( e . g ., bleeding from your bowels , stomach , mouth and gum or bleeding in the brain or bleeding from the liver ) - red blood cells , which can cause anaemia , with symptoms such as tiredness and paleness - white blood cells may make you more prone to infections or flu - like symptoms . if you are given bortezomib accord for the treatment of multiple myeloma the side effects you may get are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sensitivity , numbness , tingling or burning sensation of the skin , or pain in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage reduction in the number of red blood cells and or white blood cells ( see above ) fever feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , loss of appetite constipation with or without bloating ( can be severe ) diarrhoea : if this happens , it is important that you drink more water than usual . your doctor may give you another medicine to control diarrhoea tiredness ( fatigue ), feeling weak muscle pain , bone pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing which may lead to fainting high blood pressure reduced functioning of your kidneys headache general ill feeling , pain , vertigo , light - headedness , a feeling of weakness or loss of consciousness shivering infections , including pneumonia , respiratory infections , bronchitis , fungal infections , coughing with phlegm , flu like illness shingles ( localised including around the eyes or spread across the body ) chest pains or shortness of breath with exercise different types of rash itching of the skin , lumps on the skin or dry skin facial blushing or tiny broken capillaries redness of the skin dehydration heartburn , bloating , belching , wind , stomach pain , bleeding from your bowels or stomach alteration of liver functioning a sore mouth or lip , dry mouth , mouth ulcers or throat pain weight loss , loss of taste muscle cramps , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , pain in your limbs blurred vision infection of the outermost layer of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelids ( conjunctivitis ) nose bleeds difficulty or problems in sleeping , sweating , anxiety , mood swings , depressed mood , restlessness or agitation , changes in your mental status , disorientation swelling of body , to include around eyes and other parts of the body uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heart failure , heart attack , chest pain , chest discomfort , increased or reduced heart rate failing of your kidneys inflammation of a vein , blood clots in your veins and lungs problems with blood clotting 52 insufficient circulation inflammation of the lining around your heart or fluid around your heart infections including urinary tract infections , the flu , herpes virus infections , ear infection and cellulitis bloody stools , or bleeding from mucosal membranes , e . g ., mouth , vagina cerebrovascular disorders paralysis , seizures , falling , movement disorders , abnormal or change in , or reduced sensation ( feeling , hearing , tasting , smelling ), attention disturbance , trembling , twitching arthritis , including inflammation of the joints in the fingers , toes , and the jaw disorders that affect your lungs , preventing your body from getting enough oxygen . some of these include difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , breathing that becomes shallow , difficult or stops , wheezing hiccups , speech disorders increased or decreased urine production ( due to kidney damage ), painful passing of urine or blood / proteins in the urine , fluid retention altered levels of consciousness , confusion , memory impairment or loss hypersensitivity hearing loss , deafness or ringing in the ears , ear discomfort hormone abnormality which may affect salt and water absorption overactive thyroid gland inability to produce enough insulin or resistance to normal levels of insulin irritated or inflamed eyes , excessively wet eyes , painful eyes , dry eyes , eye infections , lump in the eyelid ( chalazion ), red and swollen eyelids , discharge from the eyes , abnormal vision , bleeding of the eye swelling of your lymph glands joint or muscle stiffness , sense of heaviness , pain in your groin hair loss and abnormal hair texture allergic reactions redness or pain at the injection site mouth pain infections or inflammation of the mouth , mouth ulcers , oesophagus , stomach and intestines , sometimes associated with pain or bleeding , poor movement of the intestines ( including blockage ), abdominal or oesophageal discomfort , difficulty swallowing , vomiting of blood skin infections bacterial and viral infections tooth infection inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of the bile duct genital pain , problem having an erection weight increase thirst hepatitis injection site or injection device related disorders skin reactions and disorders ( which may be severe and life threatening ), skin ulcers bruises , falls and injuries inflammation or haemorrhage of the blood vessels that can appear as small red or purple dots ( usually on the legs ) to large bruise - like patches under the skin or tissue benign cysts a severe reversible brain condition which includes seizures , high blood pressure , headaches , tiredness , confusion , blindness or other vision problems . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart problems to include heart attack , angina flushing discolouration of the veins 53 inflammation of the spinal nerve problems with your ear , bleeding from your ear underactivity of your thyroid gland buddchiari syndrome ( the clinical symptoms caused by blockage of the hepatic veins ) changes in or abnormal bowel function bleeding in the brain yellow discolouration of eyes and skin ( jaundice ) serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest tightness , and / or feeling dizzy / faint , severe itching of the skin or raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse breast disorders vaginal tears genital swelling inability to tolerate alcohol consumption wasting , or loss of body mass increased appetite fistula joint effusion cysts in the lining of joints ( synovial cysts ) fracture breakdown of muscle fibers leading to other complications swelling of the liver , bleeding from the liver cancer of the kidney psoriasis like skin condition cancer of the skin paleness of the skin increase of platelets or plasma cells ( a type of white cell ) in the blood blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) abnormal reaction to blood transfusions partial or total loss of vision decreased sex drive drooling bulging eyes sensitivity to light rapid breathing rectal pain gallstones hernia injuries brittle or weak nails abnormal protein deposits in your vital organs coma intestinal ulcers multi - organ failure death if you are given bortezomib accord together with other medicines for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma the side effects you may get are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia loss of appetite 54 sensitivity , numbness , tingling or burning sensation of the skin , or pain in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage nausea and vomiting diarrhoea mouth ulcers constipation muscle pain , bone pain hair loss and abnormal hair texture tiredness , feeling weak fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shingles ( localized including around the eyes or spread across the body ) herpes virus infections bacterial and viral infections respiratory infections , bronchitis , coughing with phlegm , flu like illness fungal infections hypersensitivity ( allergic reaction ) inability to produce enough insulin or resistance to normal levels of insulin fluid retention difficulty or problems in sleeping loss of consciousness altered level of consciousness , confusion feeling dizzy increased heartbeat , high blood pressure , sweating , abnormal vision , blurred vision heart failure , heart attack , chest pain , chest discomfort , increased or reduced heart rate high or low blood pressure sudden fall of blood pressure upon standing which may lead to fainting shortness of breath with exercise cough hiccups ringing in the ears , ear discomfort bleeding from your bowels or stomach heartburn stomach pain , bloating difficulty swallowing infection or inflammation of the stomach and intestines stomach pain sore mouth or lip , throat pain alteration of liver function itching of skin redness of skin rash muscle spasms infection of the urinary tract pain in limbs swelling of body , to include eyes and other parts of the body shivering redness and pain at injection site general ill feeling weight loss weight increase 55 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hepatitis severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest tightness , and / or feeling dizzy / faint , severe itching of the skin or raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse movement disorders , paralysis , twitching vertigo hearing loss , deafness disorders that affect your lungs , preventing your body from getting enough oxygen . some of these include difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , breathing that becomes shallow , difficult or stops , wheezing blood clots in your lungs yellow discoloration of the eyes and skin ( jaundice ) lump in the eyelid ( chalazion ), red and swollen eyelids rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) reporting of side effects if any of the side effects , gets serious , or if you notice , any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 treatment episodes ) allergic , hypersensitivity or anaphylactic reactions . signs may include skin rashes , itching , flushing and hives ; wheezing or difficulty breathing ; feeling faint or dizzy ; and severe swelling of the lips or throat , or at the injection site . blood clots in arteries in the heart ( which could lead to a heart attack or angina ), in the brain ( which could lead to a stroke ) or in the intestine and kidneys . signs may include severe pain in the chest , breathlessness , confusion , difficulty with speech or movement ( paralysis ) or abdominal pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 treatment episodes ) blood clots in the veins in lungs , legs , liver , kidneys or at site of injection . signs may include difficulty in breathing , red and painful swelling in the leg and abdominal pain . lack of effect or decreased response to treatment . if you notice any of these serious side effects , get medical help immediately . explain that you have been using novoseven . remind your doctor if you have a history of allergic reactions as you may need to be monitored more carefully . in most cases of blood clots , the patients were predisposed to blood clotting disorders . other rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 treatment episodes ) nausea ( feeling sick ) headache changes in some liver and blood tests . other uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 treatment episodes ) allergic skin reactions including rash , itching and hives fever . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking arava : - if you experience weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - pale skin , tiredness , or bruising , as these may indicate blood disorders caused by an imbalance in the different types of blood cells which make up blood , - tiredness , abdominal pain , or jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the eyes or skin ), as these may indicate serious conditions such as liver failure , which may be fatal , - any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or cough , as this medicine may increase the chance of a severe infection which may be life - threatening , - cough or breathing problems as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - unusual tingling , weakness or pain in your hands or feet as these may indicate problems with your nerves ( peripheral neuropathy ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), - mild allergic reactions , - loss of appetite , weight loss ( usually insignificant ), - tiredness ( asthenia ), - headache , dizziness , - abnormal skin sensations like tingling ( paraesthesia ), - mild increase in blood pressure , - colitis , - diarrhoea , - nausea , vomiting , - inflammation of the mouth or mouth ulcers , - abdominal pain , - an increase in some liver test results , 80 - increased hair loss , - eczema , dry skin , rash , itching , - tendonitis ( pain caused by inflammation in the membrane surrounding the tendons usually in the feet or hands ), - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ), - problems in the nerves of the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ), - a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood , - anxiety , - taste disturbances , - urticaria ( nettle rash ), - tendon rupture , - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood ( cholesterol and triglycerides ), - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - an increase in the numbers of blood cells called eosinophiles ( eosinophilia ); mild decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ); decrease in the number of all blood cells ( pancytopenia ), - severe increase in blood pressure , - inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ), - an increase in some liver results which may develop into serious conditions such as hepatitis and jaundice , - severe infections called sepsis which may be fatal , - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( lactate dehydrogenase ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a marked decrease of some white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ), - severe and potentially severe allergic reactions , - inflammation of the small vessels ( vasculitis , including cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis ), - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), - severe liver injury such as liver failure or necrosis which may be fatal , - severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). other side effects such as kidney failure , a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood , pulmonary hypertension , male infertility ( which is reversible once treatment with this medicine is stopped ), cutaneous lupus ( characterized by rash / erythema on skin areas that are exposed to light ), psoriasis ( new or worsening ) and dress may also occur with an unknown frequency . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking ifirmacombi and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people 37 side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with ifirmacombi were : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - nausea / vomiting - abnormal urination - fatigue - dizziness ( including when getting up from a lying or sitting position ) - blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine kinase ) or raised levels of substances that measure kidney function ( blood urea nitrogen , creatinine ). if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - diarrhoea - low blood pressure - fainting - heart rate increased - flushing - swelling - sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ) - blood tests may show lowered levels of potassium and sodium in your blood . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . side effects reported since the launch of the combination of irbesartan and hydrochlorothiazide some undesirable effects have been reported since marketing of ifirmacombi . undesirable effects where the frequency is not known are : - headache , - ringing in the ears , - cough , - taste disturbance , - indigestion , - pain in joints and muscles , - liver function abnormal and impaired kidney function , - increased level of potassium in your blood and - allergic reactions such as rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . side effects associated with irbesartan alone in addition to the side effects listed above , chest pain , severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ), and decrease in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ) have also been reported . side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide alone skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ); loss of appetite ; stomach irritation ; stomach cramps ; constipation ; jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); inflammation of the pancreas characterised by severe upper stomach pain , often with nausea and vomiting ; sleep disorders ; depression ; blurred vision ; lack of white blood cells , which can result in frequent infections , fever ; decrease in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ), decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) characterised by tiredness , headaches , being short of breath when exercising , dizziness and looking pale ; kidney disease ; lung problems including pneumonia or build - up of fluid in the lungs ; increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun ; inflammation of blood vessels ; a skin disease characterized by the peeling of the skin all over the body ; cutaneous lupus erythematosus , which is identified by a rash that may appear on the face , neck , and scalp ; allergic reactions ; weakness 38 and muscle spasm ; altered heart rate ; reduced blood pressure after a change in body position ; swelling of the salivary glands ; high sugar levels in the blood ; sugar in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood fat ; high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout . it is known that side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide may increase with higher doses of hydrochlorothiazide . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects ( also section 2 what you need to know before you take lorviqua ). your doctor may lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : - cough , shortness of breath , chest pain or worsening breathing problems - slow pulse , ( 50 beats per minute or less ), feeling tired , dizzy or faint or losing consciousness - abdominal ( belly ) pain , back pain , nausea , vomiting , itching or yellowing of the skin and eyes - mental status changes ; changes in cognition including confusion , memory loss , reduced ability to concentrate ; changes in mood including irritability and mood swings ; changes in speech including difficulty speaking , such as slurred or slow speech ; or loss of contact with reality , such as believing , seeing or hearing things that are not real other side effects of lorviqua may include : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - increase in cholesterol and triglycerides ( fats in your blood that would be detected during blood tests ) - limb or skin swelling - problems with your eyes , such as difficulty seeing out of one or both eyes , double vision , or perceived flashes of light - problems with the nerves in your arms and legs , such as pain , numbness , unusual sensations like burning or pins and needles , difficulty walking , or difficulty with usual activities of daily living such as writing - increased level of enzymes called lipase and / or amylase in the blood that would be detected during blood tests - low number of red blood cells known as anaemia that would be detected during blood tests - diarrhoea - constipation - pain in your joints - weight gain - headache - rash - muscle pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . libtayo acts on your immune system and may cause inflammation in parts of your body ( see the conditions listed in ' look out for side effects ' in section 2 ). inflammation may cause serious damage to your body and may need treatment or require you to stop treatment with libtayo . some inflammatory conditions may also lead to death . seek urgent medical attention if you have any of the following signs or symptoms , or if they get worse : skin problems such as rash or itching , skin blistering or ulcers in mouth or other mucous membrane . lung problems ( pneumonitis ) such as new or worsening cough , being short of breath or chest pain . gut problems ( colitis ) such as frequent diarrhoea often with blood or mucus , more bowel movements than usual , stools that are black or tarry , and severe stomach ( abdomen ) pain or tenderness . liver problems ( hepatitis ) such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , severe nausea or vomiting , pain on right side of your stomach ( abdomen ), feeling sleepy , dark urine ( the colour of tea ), bleeding or bruising more easily than normal and feeling less hungry than usual . hormone gland problems such as headache that will not go away or unusual headaches , fast heartbeat , increased sweating , feeling more cold or hot than usual , very tired , dizzy or fainting , weight gain or weight loss , feeling more hungry or thirsty than usual , hair loss , constipation , your voice gets deeper , very low blood pressure , passing water more often than usual , nausea or vomiting , stomach ( abdomen ) pain , changes in mood or behaviour ( such as decreased sex drive , being irritable or forgetful ). symptoms of type 1 diabetes such as feeling more hungry or thirsty than usual , needing to urinate more often , weight loss , and feeling tired . kidney problems ( nephritis and kidney failure ) such as passing water less often than usual , passing blood , swollen ankles and feeling less hungry than normal . infusion - related reactions ( sometimes can be severe or life - threatening ) such as chills , shaking or fever , itching or rash , flushing or swollen face , being short of breath or wheezing , feeling dizzy or feel like passing out and back or neck pain , nausea , vomiting or abdominal pain . problems in other parts of the body such as : nervous system problems such as headache or stiff neck , fever , feeling tired or weak , chills , vomiting , confusion , memory problems or feeling sleepy , fits ( seizures ), seeing or hearing things that are not really there ( hallucinations ), severe muscle weakness , tingling , numbness , weakness or burning pain in arms or legs , paralysis in the extremities muscle and joint problems such as joint pain or swelling , muscle pain , weakness or stiffness eye problems such as changes in eyesight , eye pain or redness , sensitivity to light heart and circulatory problems such as changes in heartbeat , heart beating fast , seeming to skip a beat or pounding sensation , chest pain , shortness of breath other : dryness in many parts of the body from mouth to eyes , nose , throat and the top layers of skin , bruises on the skin or bleeding . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials of patients treated with cemiplimab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching feeling tired diarrhoea ( loose stools ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): thyroid gland problems cough , inflammation of the lungs increased liver enzymes in blood joint pain , swelling , polyarthritis and joint effusion abnormal kidney function test infusion - related reactions muscle or bone pain shortness of breath 34 inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the liver . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): muscle pain , weakness or stiffness type 1 diabetes that may include feeling more hungry or thirsty than usual , needing to urinate more often , weight loss , and feeling tired inflammation of the heart muscle , which may present as shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , feeling tired or chest pain inflammation of the covering of the heart inflammation of the kidneys inflammation of the pituitary gland situated at the base of the brain ; decreased secretion of hormones produced by the adrenal glands ; inflammation of the thyroid inflammation of brain and spinal cord membranes usually caused by infection dryness in many parts of the body , from mouth to eyes , nose , throat and the top layers of skin eye pain , irritation , itchiness or redness ; uncomfortable sensitivity to light inflammation of the nerves causing tingling , numbness , weakness or burning pain of the arms or legs a temporary inflammation of the nerves that causes pain , weakness , and paralysis in the extremities ; a condition in which the muscles become weak and tire easily bruises on the skin or bleeding . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) inflammation of the muscles which may include muscle pain or weakness ( myositis ) other side effects that have been reported ( frequency not known ): organ transplant rejection reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of them are mild and transient , but very rare cases of serious adverse liver reactions and liver failure , including fatal cases , have been reported . if you notice any of the following , stop taking ketek and tell your doctor immediately : - allergic or skin reactions such as face swelling , general allergic reactions including allergic shock , or serious skin conditions associated with red spots , blisters ( frequency not known ). - severe , persistent or bloody diarrhoea associated with abdominal pain or fever , which can be a sign of serious bowel inflammation which may occur following treatment with antibiotics ( very rare ). - signs and symptoms of liver disease ( hepatitis ) such as yellowing of skin and eyes , dark urine , itching , loss of appetite or abdominal pain ( uncommon ). - worsening of a condition called myasthenia gravis , a rare disease which causes muscle weakness ( frequency unknown ). - irregular heartbeat the above serious side effects may require urgent medical attention . the other side effects listed below are given with an estimation of the frequency with which they may occur with ketek : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , usually mild and temporary . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , flatulence ( excess wind ) - dizziness , headaches , disturbance of taste - vaginal candida infection ( fungal infection associated with local itching , burning and white discharge ) - increase in liver enzymes ( detected by blood test ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - constipation , loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - inflammation in the mouth , fungal infection in the mouth ( candida infection ) - liver problem ( hepatitis ) - rash , hives ( urticaria ), itching , eczema - drowsiness , difficulties in falling asleep ( insomnia ), nervousness , vertigo - tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - visual disturbances ( blurred vision , difficulty in focusing , double vision )( please read section 2 ) - flushes , fainting ( transient loss of consciousness ) - changes in heart rate ( e . g . slow beating ) or abnormality of electrocardiogram ( ecg ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - increase of certain white blood cells , detected by blood test ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - disturbance of smell , muscle cramps . additional side effects ( frequency not known frequency cannot be estimated from available data ) which may occur with ketek are : - tremors , convulsions - abnormality of electrocardiogram ( ecg ), called prolongation of qt interval - inflamed pancreas - joint and muscle pain - confusion - hallucination ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - loss of taste and smell - liver failure . if any of these undesirable effects are troublesome , severe , or do not wear off as treatment goes on , tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a severe allergic reaction is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) and may develop rapidly . symptoms may include : skin rash ( including itchy , bumpy rash ) unusual wheezing , or difficulty in breathing swollen eyelids , lips or tongue pains in muscles or joints collapse or blackout . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . don ' t take any more tablets . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea ( which may make you dehydrated and lead to more severe complications ) tell your doctor immediately at the first sign of diarrhoea ( loose stool ), as it is important that this is treated right away . also tell your doctor immediately if your diarrhoea worsens . there is more advice on reducing the risk of diarrhoea at the end of section 4 . rash , dry skin , itching tell your doctor if you get a skin rash . there is more advice on reducing the risk of skin rash at the end of section 4 . other very common side effects loss of appetite feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) tiredness , feeling weak indigestion constipation sore mouth / mouth ulcers stomach pain trouble sleeping back pain pain in hands and feet joint or back pain a skin reaction on the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( including tingling , numbness , pain , swelling or reddening ) cough , shortness of breath headache nose bleed hot flush unusual hair loss or thinning tell your doctor if any of these side effects get severe or troublesome . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): an effect on how your heart works in most cases , the effect on your heart will not have any symptoms . if you do experience symptoms associated with this side effect , these are likely to include an irregular heartbeat and shortness of breath . liver problems , which may cause itching , yellow eyes or skin ( jaundice ), or dark urine or pain or discomfort in the right upper area of the stomach . nail disorders such as a tender infection and swelling of the cuticles tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): treatment - induced lung inflammation , which may cause shortness of breath or cough tell your doctor immediately if you get either of these symptoms . other uncommon side effects include : blood tests results that show changes in liver function ( usually mild and temporary ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( see the beginning of section 4 ) 42 the frequency of some side effects is not known ( it cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular heart - beat ( change in the electrical activity of the heart ) severe skin reaction that might include : rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever or any combination of these pulmonary arterial hypertension ( increased blood pressure in the arteries ( blood vessels ) of the lungs ) if you get other side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet . reducing the risk of diarrhoea and skin rash tyverb can cause severe diarrhoea if you suffer from diarrhoea while taking tyverb : drink plenty of fluids ( 8 to 10 glasses a day ), such as water , sports drinks or other clear liquids eat low - fat , high protein foods instead of fatty or spicy foods eat cooked vegetables instead of raw vegetables and remove the skin from fruits before eating avoid milk and milk products ( including ice cream ) avoid herbal supplements ( some may cause diarrhoea ). tell your doctor if your diarrhoea continues . tyverb can cause skin rash your doctor will check your skin before and during treatment . to care for sensitive skin : wash with a soap - free cleanser use fragrance free , hypoallergenic beauty products use sunscreen ( sun protection factor [ spf ] 30 or higher ). tell your doctor if you get a skin rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
the frequency of side effects is classified as follows : very common side effects ( likely to occur in more than 1 in 10 patients ) common side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 10 patients ) uncommon side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 100 patients ) rare side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ) very rare side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 10 , 000 patients ). like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you do not feel well while you are using aldara cream . some patients have experienced changes in skin colour in the area where aldara cream was applied . while these changes have tended to improve with time , in some patients they may be permanent . if your skin reacts badly when using aldara cream , stop applying the cream , wash the area with mild soap and water and contact your doctor or pharmacist . in some individuals a lowering of blood counts was noted . a lowering of blood counts might make you more susceptible to infections , make you bruise more easily or cause fatigue . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor . serious skin reactions have been reported rarely . if you experience skin lesions or spots on your skin that start out as small red areas and progress to look like mini targets , possibly with symptoms such as itching , fever , overall ill feeling , achy joints , vision problems , burning , painful or itchy eyes and mouth sores , stop using aldara cream and tell your doctor immediately . a small number of patients have experienced hair loss at the treatment site or surrounding area . if you are being treated for genital warts : many of the undesirable effects of aldara cream are due to its local action on your skin . very common effects include redness ( 61 % patients ), wearing away of the skin ( 30 % patients ), flakiness and swelling . hardening under the skin , small open sores , a crust that forms during healing , and small bubbles under the skin may also occur . you might also feel itching ( 32 % patients ), a burning sensation ( 26 % patients ) or pain in areas where you have applied aldara cream ( 8 % patients ). most of these skin reactions are mild and the skin will return to normal within about 2 weeks after stopping treatment . commonly some patients ( 4 % or less ) have experienced headache , uncommonly fevers and flu like symptoms joint and muscle pains ; prolapse of the womb ; pain on intercourse in females ; erection 30 difficulties ; increase in sweating ; feeling sick ; stomach and bowel symptoms ; ringing in the ears ; flushing ; tiredness ; dizziness ; migraine ; pins and needles ; insomnia ; depression ; loss of appetite ; swollen glands ; bacterial , viral and fungal infections ( e . g . cold sores ); vaginal infection including thrush ; cough and colds with sore throat . very rarely severe and painful reactions have occurred , particularly when more cream has been used than recommended . painful skin reactions at the opening of the vagina have very rarely made it difficult for some women to pass urine . if this occurs you should seek medical help immediately . if you are being treated for basal cell carcinoma : many of the undesirable effects of aldara cream are due to its local action on your skin . local skin reactions can be a sign that the drug is working as intended . very commonly the treated skin may be slightly itchy . common effects include : pins and needles , small swollen areas in the skin , pain , burning , irritation , bleeding , redness or rash . if a skin reaction becomes too uncomfortable during treatment , speak to your doctor . he / she may advise you to stop applying aldara cream for a few days ( i . e . to have a short rest from treatment ). if there is pus ( matter ) or other suggestion of infection , discuss this with your doctor . apart from reactions in the skin , other common effects include swollen glands and back pain . uncommonly some patients experience changes at the application site ( discharge , inflammation , swelling , scabbing , skin breakdown , blisters , dermatitis ) or irritability , feeling sick , dry mouth , flu - like symptoms and tiredness . if you are being treated for actinic keratosis many of the undesirable effects of aldara cream are due to its local action on your skin . local skin reactions can be a sign that the drug is working as intended . very commonly the treated skin may be slightly itchy . common effects include pain , burning , irritation or redness . if a skin reaction becomes too uncomfortable during treatment , speak to your doctor . he / she may advise you to stop applying aldara cream for a few days ( i . e . to have a short rest from treatment ). if there is pus ( matter ) or other suggestion of infection , discuss this with your doctor . apart from reactions in the skin , other common effects include headache , anorexia , nausea , muscle pain , joint pain and tiredness . uncommonly some patients experience changes at the application site ( bleeding , inflammation , discharge , sensitivity , swelling , small swollen areas in the skin , pins and needles , scabbing , scarring , ulceration or a feeling of warmth or discomfort ), or inflammation of the lining of the nose , stuffy nose , flu or flu - like symptoms , depression , eye irritation , swelling of the eyelid , throat pain , diarrhoea , actinic keratosis , redness , swelling of the face , ulcers , pain in extremity , fever , weakness or shivering . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function test , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - tiredness , fungal infections , confusion , hallucinations , vomiting , abnormal gait , heart failure and venous blood clotting ( thrombosis / thromboembolism ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) - seizures 75 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) and psychotic reactions alzheimer ' s disease has been associated with depression , suicidal ideation and suicide . these events have been reported in patients treated with memantine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , trazec can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by trazec are usually mild to moderate . the most common side effects are symptoms of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), which are usually mild . these include - sweating , - dizziness , - shaking , - weakness , - hunger , - feeling your heart beating fast , - tiredness , - feeling sick ( nausea ). they can also be caused by lack of food or too high a dose of any anti - diabetic medicine you are taking . if you do get symptoms of low blood sugar , eat or drink something containing sugar . abdominal pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting have been reported . rare effects are mild abnormalities in liver function tests and allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as rash and itching . a very rare effect is skin rash with blisters affecting the lips , eyes , mouth , sometimes with headache , fever and / or diarrhoea . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible serious side effects : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women , particularly if they are overweight , and in people with liver disease . the following may be signs of lactic acidosis : deep rapid breathing drowsiness feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) stomach pain if you think you may have lactic acidosis , get medical help immediately . any signs of inflammation or infection . in some patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of opportunistic infections ( infections that occur in people with a weak immune system ), signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is thought that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . autoimmune disorders , when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue , may also occur after you start taking medicines to treat hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . look out for any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as : muscle weakness weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice these or any symptoms of inflammation or infection , get medical help immediately . possible side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) dizziness , headache rash feeling weak tests may also show : decreases in phosphate in the blood 50 increased creatine kinase common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain , stomach pain difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams problems with digestion resulting in discomfort after meals , feeling bloated , flatulence rashes ( including red spots or blotches sometimes with blistering and swelling of the skin ), which may be allergic reactions , itching , changes in skin colour including darkening of the skin in patches other allergic reactions , such as wheezing , swelling or feeling light - headed tests may also show : low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) increased triglycerides ( fatty acids ), bile or sugar in the blood liver and pancreas problems uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain in the abdomen ( tummy ) caused by inflammation of the pancreas swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) breakdown of muscle , muscle pain or weakness which may occur due to damage to the kidney tubule cells tests may also show : decreases in potassium in the blood increased creatinine in your blood changes to your urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see possible serious side effects ) fatty liver yellow skin or eyes , itching , or pain in the abdomen ( tummy ) caused by inflammation of the liver inflammation of the kidney , passing a lot of urine and feeling thirsty , kidney failure , damage to kidney tubule cells softening of the bones ( with bone pain and sometimes resulting in fractures ) back pain caused by kidney problems damage to kidney tubule cells may be associated with breakdown of muscle , softening of the bones ( with bone pain and sometimes resulting in fractures ), muscle pain , muscle weakness and decreases in potassium or phosphate in the blood . if you notice any of the side effects listed above or if any of the side effects get serious , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . the frequency of the following side effects is not known . bone problems . some patients taking combination antiretroviral medicines such as truvada may develop a bone disease called osteonecrosis ( death of bone tissue caused by loss of blood supply to the bone ). taking this type of medicine for a long time , taking corticosteroids , drinking alcohol , having a very weak immune system , and being overweight , may be some of the many risk factors for developing this disease . signs of osteonecrosis are : joint stiffness 51 joint aches and pains ( especially of the hip , knee and shoulder ) difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . during treatment for hiv there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . other effects in children children given emtricitabine very commonly experienced changes in skin colour including darkening of the skin in patches children commonly experienced low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). this may cause the child to be tired or breathless if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . black stools may occur very commonly in patients taking velphoro . if you also have symptoms like increasing tiredness and breathlessness contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 " warnings "). the following side effects have also been reported in patients taking this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea ( generally occurring early on in the treatment , and improving over time ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , vomiting , indigestion , pain in stomach and gut , gas , tooth discolouration , change in taste . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bloating ( abdominal distension ), inflammation of the stomach , abdominal discomfort , difficulty swallowing , acid coming back up from the stomach ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), tongue discolouration , low or high calcium levels in the blood seen in tests , tiredness , itch , rash , headache , shortness of breath . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately or go to an emergency department nearby if the following rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects occur , because a serious allergic reaction might follow : - anaphylactic reactions , drug hypersensitivity ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ") - potentially life - threatening skin rashes characterised by formation of blisters and shedding of the skin and inner surfaces of body cavities , e . g . mouth and genitals , painful ulcers in the mouth and / or genital areas , accompanied by fever , sore throat and fatigue ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ), or by enlarged lymph nodes , liver enlargement , hepatitis ( up to liver failure ), raising of the white - cells count in the blood ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms - dress ) ( see section 2 ) - generalised skin rashes . the common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : - abnormal liver test results - diarrhoea - headache - rash ( including various types of rash , please see below under " uncommon " and " rare " sections ) - nausea - increase in gout symptoms - localised swelling due to retention of fluids in tissues ( oedema ). other side effects which are not mentioned above are listed below . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased appetite , change in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) of which a symptom may be excessive thirst , increased blood fat levels , weight increase - loss of sex drive - difficulty in sleeping , sleepiness . - dizziness , numbness , tingling , reduced or altered sensation ( hypoesthesia , hemiparesis or paraesthesia ), altered sense of taste , diminished sense of smell ( hyposmia ) - abnormal ecg heart tracing , irregular or rapid heartbeats , feeling your heart beat ( palpitation ) - hot flushes or flushing ( e . g . redness of the face or neck ), increased blood pressure , bleeding ( hemorrhage , seen only in patients taking chemotherapy for blood disorders ) - cough , shortness of breath , chest discomfort or pain , inflammation of nasal passage and / or throat ( upper respiratory tract infection ), bronchitis - dry mouth , abdominal pain / discomfort or wind , heartburn / indigestion , constipation , more frequent passing of stools , vomiting , stomach discomfort - itching , hives , skin inflammation , skin discoloration , small red or purple spots on the skin , small , flat red spots on the skin , flat , red area on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , rash , areas of redness and spots on the skin , other type of skin conditions - muscle cramp , muscle weakness , pain / ache in muscles / joints , bursitis or arthritis ( inflammation of joints usually accompanied by pain , swelling and / or stiffness ), pain in extremity , back pain , muscle spasm - blood in the urine , abnormal frequent urination , abnormal urine tests ( increased level of proteins in the urine ), a reduction in the ability of the kidneys to function properly - fatigue , chest pain , chest discomfort - stones in the gallbladder or in bile ducts ( cholelithiasis ) - increase in blood thyroid stimulating hormone ( tsh ) level - changes in blood chemistry or amount of blood cells or platelets ( abnormal blood test results ) - kidney stones - erectile difficulties . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - muscle damage , a condition which on rare occasions can be serious . it may cause muscle problems and particularly , if at the same time , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an abnormal muscle breakdown . contact your doctor immediately if you 50 experience muscle pain , tenderness or weakness - severe swelling of the deeper layers of the skin , especially around the lips , eyes , genitals , hands , feet or tongue , with possible sudden difficult breathing - high fever in combination with measles - like skin rash , enlarged lymph nodes , liver enlargement , hepatitis ( up to liver failure ), raising of the white - cells count in the blood ( leukocytosis , with or without eosinophilia ) - reddening of the skin ( erythema ), rash in various types ( e . g . itchy , with white spots , with blisters , with blisters containing pus , with shedding of the skin , measles - like rash ), widespread erythema , necrosis , and bullous detachment of the epidermis and mucous membranes , resulting in exfoliation and possible sepsis ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - nervousness - feeling thirsty - ringing in the ears - blurred vision , change in vision - hair loss - mouth ulceration - inflammation of the pancreas : common symptoms are abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting - increased sweating - weight decrease , increased appetite , uncontrolled loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - muscle and / or joint stiffness - abnormally low blood cell counts ( white or red blood cells or platelets ) - urgent need to urinate - changes or decrease in urine amount due to inflammation in the kidneys ( tubulointerstitial nephritis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - liver damage - increased level of creatine phosphokinase in blood ( an indicator of muscle damage ) - sudden cardiac death . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most frequently reported side effects are : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - painful skin - itching - complications in the wound healing process other side effects include : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - wound infection - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - skin irritation ( dermatitis ) - itchy rash - purple coloured rash - pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . internal doc ref : v6 . 6 26 the most serious side effects are : contact your doctor or go to your nearest emergency center immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : - severe allergy to mexiletine ( with symptoms such as severe rash with fever ); this is a very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - disorders of heart rhythm , see section " warnings and precautions " for symptoms and more information ; this is a common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people . other side effects that may occur : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal ( belly ) pain - insomnia ( difficulty sleeping ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - somnolence ( sleepiness ) - headache - tingling in the arms and legs - blurred vision - vertigo ( sensation of feeling off balance ) - rapid heart rate - flushing - low blood pressure ( which can cause dizziness and feeling faint ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - acne - pain in the arms and legs - tiredness - weakness - chest discomfort - malaise ( a feeling of general discomfort and illness ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - convulsions ( fits ) - speech disorders - slow heart rate rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - abnormal functioning of the liver ( observed after blood analysis ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - liver injury including inflammation ( hepatitis ) - severe reaction to the medicine ( with rash and fever ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - decrease in white blood cells or in platelets - lupus syndrome ( disease of the immune system ) - redness and peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome : a severe allergic reaction with skin rashes , often in the form of blisters and sores in the mouth and eyes , and other mucous membranes - blisters of the skin , malaise and fever in the context of a condition called dress - hallucinations ( seeing or hearing something that is not present ). - transient confusion ( a temporary inability to think clearly or concentrate ) - double vision - altered sense of taste - disorders of heart rhythm - collapse - hot flushes internal doc ref : v6 . 6 27 - pulmonary fibrosis ( disease of the lung ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - injury of the oesophagus ( food pipe ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start prezista . if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , your doctor should check your blood tests more often because you have an increased chance of developing liver problems . talk to your doctor about the signs and symptoms of liver problems . these may include yellowing of your skin or whites of your eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) urine , pale coloured stools ( bowel movements ), nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , or pain , aching , or pain and discomfort on your right side below your ribs . skin rash ( more often when used in combination with raltegravir ), itching . the rash is usually mild to moderate . a skin rash might also be a symptom of a rare severe situation . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether prezista must be stopped . other severe side effects were diabetes ( common ) and inflammation of the pancreas ( uncommon ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain or distension , dyspepsia , flatulence - headache , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , numbness , tingling or pain in hands or feet , loss of strength , difficulty falling asleep . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain , changes in electrocardiogram , rapid heart beating - decreased or abnormal skin sensibility , pins and needles , attention disturbance , loss of memory , problems with your balance - difficulty breathing , cough , nosebleed , throat irritation - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , heartburn , retching , dry mouth , discomfort of the abdomen , constipation , belching - kidney failure , kidney stones , difficult discharge of urine , frequent or excessive passage of urine , sometimes at night - urticaria , severe swelling of the skin and other tissues ( most often the lips or the eyes ), eczema , excessive sweating , night sweats , hair loss , acne , scaly skin , colouration of nails - muscle pain , muscle cramps or weakness , pain in extremity , osteoporosis - slowing down of the thyroid gland function . this can be seen in a blood test . - high blood pressure , flushing - red or dry eyes - fever , swelling of lower limbs due to fluids , malaise , irritability , pain - symptoms of infection , herpes simplex - erectile dysfunction , enlargement of breasts - sleeping problems , sleepiness , depression , anxiety , abnormal dreams , decrease in sexual drive rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a reaction called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , fatigue , swelling of the face or lymph glands , increase of eosinophils ( type of white blood cells ), effects on liver , kidney or lung ] - heart attack , slow heart beating , palpitations - visual disturbance - chills , feeling abnormal - a feeling of confusion or disorientation , altered mood , restlessness - fainting , epileptic fits , changes or loss of taste - mouth sores , vomiting blood , inflamation of the lips , dry lips , coated tongue - running nose - skin lesions , dry skin - stiffness of muscles or joints , joint pain with or without inflammation - changes in some values of your blood cells or chemistry . these can be seen in the results of blood and / or urine tests . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in some white blood cells . some side effects are typical for anti - hiv medicines in the same family as prezista . these are : - muscle pain , tenderness or weakness . on rare occasions , these muscle disorders have been serious . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with fortacin in male patients : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inability to develop or maintain an erection reduced feeling in and around the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local irritation of the throat ( if inhaled ) irritation of the skin redness on and around the penis failure to ejaculate during sexual intercourse abnormal orgasm tingling in and around the penis pain or discomfort in and around the penis itching in and around the penis a high temperature the following side effects have been reported with fortacin in female partners : common : ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling of burning in and around the vagina reduced feeling in and around the vagina uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local irritation of the throat ( if inhaled ) vaginal thrush ( candida ) infection discomfort in the anus and rectum loss of feeling in the mouth difficulty or pain passing urine pain in the vagina discomfort or itching in the vulva and vagina reporting of side effects if you or your sexual partner get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , feeling sleepy feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) lack of appetite trouble sleeping , feeling agitated , less sex drive , anxiety , difficulty or failure to experience orgasm , unusual dreams dizziness , feeling sluggish , tremor , numbness , including numbness , pricking or tingling of the skin blurred eyesight tinnitus ( hearing sound in the ear when there is no external sound ) feeling the heart pumping in the chest , increased blood pressure , flushing increased yawning 64 constipation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , being sick ( vomiting ), heartburn or indigestion , breaking wind increased sweating , ( itchy ) rash muscle pain , muscle spasm painful urination , frequent urination problems getting an erection , changes in ejaculation falls ( mostly in elderly people ), fatigue weight loss children and adolescents under 18 years of age with depression treated with this medicine had some weight loss when they first start taking this medicine . weight increased to match other children and adolescents of their age and sex after 6 months of treatment . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) throat inflammation that causes a hoarse voice suicidal thoughts , difficulty sleeping , grinding or clenching the teeth , feeling disorientated , lack of motivation sudden involuntary jerks or twitches of the muscles , sensation of restlessness or an inability to sit or stand still , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , difficulty controlling movement e . g . lack of coordination or involuntary movements of the muscles , restless legs syndrome , poor sleep quality large pupils ( the dark centre of the eye ), problems with eyesight feeling of dizziness or " spinning " ( vertigo ), ear pain fast and / or irregular heart beat fainting , dizziness , lightheadedness or fainting on standing up , cold fingers and / or toes throat tightness , nose bleeds vomiting blood , or black tarry stools ( faeces ), gastroenteritis , burping , difficulty swallowing inflammation of the liver that may cause abdominal pain and yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes night sweats , hives , cold sweats , sensitivity to sunlight , increased tendency to bruise muscle tightness , muscle twitching difficulty or inability to pass urine , difficulty to start urinating , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow abnormal vaginal bleeding , abnormal periods , including heavy , painful , irregular or prolonged periods , unusually light or missed periods , sexual dysfunction , pain in the testicles or scrotum chest pain , feeling cold , thirst , shivering , feeling hot , abnormal gait weight gain duloxetine mylan may cause effects that you may not be aware of , such as increases in liver enzymes or blood levels of potassium , creatine phosphokinase , sugar , or cholesterol rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness with swollen tongue or lips , allergic reactions decreased thyroid gland activity which can cause tiredness or weight gain dehydration , low levels of sodium in the blood ( mostly in elderly people ; the symptoms may include feeling dizzy , weak , confused , sleepy or very tired , or feeling or being sick , more serious symptoms are fainting , fits or falls ), syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti - diuretic hormone ( siadh ) suicidal behaviour , mania ( over activity , racing thoughts and decreased need for sleep ), hallucinations , aggression and anger " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) 65 inflammation of the mouth , passing bright red blood in your stools , bad breath , inflammation of the large intestine ( leading to diarrhoea ) liver failure , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( serious illness with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ), serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) contraction of the jaw muscle abnormal urine odour menopausal symptoms , abnormal production of breast milk in men or women coughing , wheezing and shortness of breath which may be accompanied by a high temperature excessive vaginal bleeding shortly after birth ( postpartum haemorrhage ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects contact a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital if you experience any of the following symptoms : difficulty in breathing dizziness swelling of the face and neck . these symptoms may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects if you already have atopic dermatitis , you may experience more intense local skin reactions ( such as redness , swelling and itching ) and other general symptoms ( such as headache , muscle pain , feeling sick or tired ), as well as a flare - up or worsening of your skin condition . the most common side effects reported were at the site of injection . most of them were mild to moderate in nature and resolved without any treatment within seven days . if you get any of the following side effects , tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , aching muscles , feeling sick , tiredness , pain , redness , swelling , hardness or itching at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): chills , fever , joint pain , pain in extremities , loss of appetite , lump , discolouration , bruising or warmth at the injection site . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nose and throat infection , upper respiratory tract infection , swollen lymph nodes , abnormal sleep , dizziness , abnormal skin sensations , muscle stiffness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , diarrhea , vomiting , rash , itch , skin inflammation , bleeding , irritation , underarm swelling , feeling unwell , flushing , chest pain , pain in the armpit , increase of cardiac laboratory values ( like troponin i ), liver enzyme increased , white blood cell count decreased , mean platelet volume decreased . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): sinus infection , influenza , pink eye , hives ( nettle rash ), skin discolouration , sweating , skin bruising , night sweats , lump in skin , back pain , neck pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain , muscle weakness , swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers , faster heart beat , ear and throat ache , abdominal pain , dry mouth , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), migraine , nerve disorder causing weakness , tingling or numbness , drowsiness , scaling , inflammation , abnormal skin sensation , reaction at the injection site , rash , numbness , dryness , movement impairment , vesicles at the injection site , weakness , influenza like illness , swelling of the face , mouth and throat , white blood cell count increased , bruising . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following or combination of the following side effects : chills , shivering , fever , rapid heart rate , decreased blood pressure , aching muscles , feeling tired , coughing , difficulty breathing , confusion , redness , swelling or discharge in the affected area or at the site of the infusion line - these may be signs of an infection . neurologic events : shaking ( or tremor ), confusion , disturbances of brain function ( encephalopathy ), difficulty in communicating ( aphasia ), seizure ( convulsion ). fever , swelling , chills , decreased or increased blood pressure and fluid in the lungs , which may become severe - these may be signs of a so - called cytokine release syndrome . if you have severe and persistent stomach pain , with or without nausea and vomiting , as these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal condition known as pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ). treatment with blincyto can cause a decrease in the levels of certain white blood cells with or without fever ( febrile neutropenia or neutropenia ) or can lead to increased blood levels of potassium , uric acid , and phosphate and decreased blood levels of calcium ( tumour lysis syndrome ). your doctor will take regular blood tests during treatment with blincyto . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections in the blood including bacteria , fungi , viruses , or other types of infection decreased levels of certain white blood cells with or without fever (( febrile ) neutropenia , leukopenia ), decreased levels of red blood cells , decreased levels of platelets fever , swelling , chills , decreased or increased blood pressure and fluid in the lungs , which may become severe ( cytokine release syndrome ) not being able to sleep headache , shaking ( or tremor ) rapid heart rate ( tachycardia ) low blood pressure cough nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , constipation , abdominal pain rash back pain , pain in extremity fever ( pyrexia ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( oedema ), chills low levels of antibodies called " immunoglobulins " which help the immune system fight infection ( decreased immunoglobulins ) increased levels of liver enzymes ( alt , ast , ggt ) reactions related to infusion may include , wheezing , flushing , face swelling , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , high blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infection which can result in organ failure , shock or can be fatal ( sepsis ) lung infection ( pneumonia ) increased levels of white blood cell count ( leucocytosis ), decreased levels of certain white blood cells ( lymphopenia ) allergic reaction complications occurring after cancer treatment leading to increased blood levels of potassium , uric acid , and phosphate and decreased blood levels of calcium ( tumour lysis syndrome ) confusion , disorientation disturbances of brain function ( encephalopathy ) such as difficulty in communicating ( aphasia ), tingling of skin ( paraesthesia ), seizure , difficulty thinking or processing thoughts , difficulty remembering , difficulty in controlling movement ( ataxia ) feeling sleepy ( somnolence ), numbness , dizziness nerve problems affecting the head and neck such as visual disturbances , drooping eyelid and / or sagging muscles on one side of the face , difficulty hearing or trouble swallowing ( cranial nerve disorders ) wheezing or difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), breathlessness ( respiratory failure ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) flushing coughing with phlegm increased bilirubin in the blood bone pain chest pain or other pain high levels of some enzymes including blood enzymes increase in your weight uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): excessive activation of white blood cells associated with inflammation ( hemophagocytic histiocytosis ) swollen lymph nodes ( lymphadenopathy ) fever , swelling , chills , decreased or increased blood pressure and fluid in the lungs , which may be severe and can be fatal ( cytokine storm ) a condition which causes fluid to leak from the small blood vessels into your body ( capillary leak syndrome ) difficulty in speaking additionally , the side effects that happened more often in adolescents and children include : decreased levels of red blood cells ( anaemia ), decreased levels of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ), decreased levels of certain white blood cells ( leukopenia ) fever ( pyrexia ) reactions related to infusion may include face swelling , low blood pressure , high blood pressure ( infusion - related reaction ) increase in your weight high blood pressure ( hypertension ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . occasionally ( frequency unknown ; cannot be estimated from available data ), treatment with this medicine can cause inflammation of the small intestine or colon . if you have any of the following side effects contact your doctor immediately : - severe stomach pains - persistent diarrhoea - nervous system problems ( for example shaking , lack of coordination , slurred speech , muscle stiffness , worsening of muscle spasms ). other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( especially when starting treatment ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - skin rashes - anaemia ( you may feel unusually tired ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you get notice any of the following symptoms : chest pains , shortness of breath , or if there is swelling of your feet , which may be symptoms of heart problems difficulty breathing , including shortness of breath at rest or with activity or a cough ( dyspnoea ), rapid breathing , feeling like you can ' t breathe in enough air , wheezing , or cough , which can be signs of lung toxicity very high blood pressure , severe chest pain , severe headache , confusion , blurred vision , nausea and vomiting , or severe anxiety , which may be signs of a condition known as hypertensive crisis shortness of breath with everyday activities or at rest , irregular heartbeat , racing pulse , tiredness , dizziness , and fainting spells , which can be signs of a condition known as pulmonary hypertension swollen ankles , feet or hands , loss of appetite , passing less urine , or abnormal blood test results , which may be symptoms of kidney problems or kidney failure a side effect called tumour lysis syndrome , which can be caused by the rapid breakdown of tumour cells and may cause irregular heartbeat , kidney failure or abnormal blood test results fever , chills or shaking , joint pain , muscle pain , facial flushing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), weakness , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , fainting , chest tightness , or chest pain can occur as a reaction to the infusion unusual bruising or bleeding , such as a cut , that takes longer than usual to stop bleeding ; or internal bleeding such as coughing up blood , vomiting up blood , dark tarry stools , or bright red 50 blood in your stools ; or bleeding in the brain leading to sudden numbness or paralysis on one side of the face , legs or arms , sudden severe headache or trouble seeing or difficulty speaking or swallowing leg or arm pain or swelling ( which could be a symptom of blood clots in the deep veins of the leg or arm ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the lungs ) yellowing of your skin and eyes ( jaundice ), abdominal pain or swelling , nausea or vomiting , which could be symptoms of liver problems including liver failure . if you have ever had hepatitis b infection , treatment with this medicine may cause the hepatitis b infection to become active again bleeding , bruising , weakness , confusion , fever , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , and acute kidney failure , which may be signs of a blood condition known as thrombotic microangiopathy headaches , confusion , seizures ( fits ), visual loss , and high blood pressure ( hypertension ), which may be symptoms of a neurologic condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). other possible side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) serious lung infection ( pneumonia ) respiratory tract infection ( infection of the airways ) low platelets , which may cause easy bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ) low white blood cell count , which may decrease your ability to fight infection and may be associated with fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) which may cause tiredness and fatigue changes to blood tests ( decreased blood levels of potassium , increased blood levels of sugar and / or creatinine ) decreased appetite difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) headache numbness , tingling , or decreased sensation in hands and / or feet dizziness high blood pressure ( hypertension ) shortness of breath cough diarrhoea nausea constipation vomiting stomach pain back pain joint pain pain in limbs , hands or feet muscle spasms fever chills swelling of the hands , feet or ankles feeling weak tiredness ( fatigue ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infusion reaction heart failure and heart problems including rapid , strong or irregular heartbeat heart attack kidney problems , including kidney failure 51 blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) feeling too hot blood clot in the lungs fluid in the lungs wheezing serious infection including infection in the blood ( sepsis ) lung infection liver problems including an increase in liver enzymes in the blood flu - like symptoms ( influenza ) reactivation of the chicken pox virus ( shingles ) that can cause a skin rash and pain ( herpes zoster ) urinary tract infection ( infection of structures that carry urine ) cough which could include chest tightness or pain , nasal congestion ( bronchitis ) sore throat inflammation of the nose and throat runny nose , nasal congestion or sneezing viral infection infection of the stomach and intestine ( gastroenteritis ) bleeding in the stomach and bowels changes to blood tests ( decreased blood levels of sodium , magnesium , protein , calcium or phosphate , increased blood levels of calcium , uric acid , potassium , bilirubin or c - reactive protein ) dehydration anxiety feeling confused blurred vision cataract low blood pressure ( hypotension ) nose bleed change in voice or hoarseness indigestion toothache rash bone pain , muscle pain , chest pain muscle weakness aching muscles itchy skin redness of the skin increased sweating pain pain , swelling , irritation or discomfort where you received the injection into your vein ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) a general feeling of illness or discomfort uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding in the lungs inflammation of the colon caused by a bacteria called clostridium difficile allergic reaction to kyprolis multi - organ failure reduced blood flow to the heart bleeding in the brain stroke 52 difficulty breathing , rapid breathing and / or fingertips and lips looking slightly blue ( acute respiratory distress syndrome ) swelling of the lining of the heart ( pericarditis ), symptoms include pain behind the breast bone , sometimes spreading across to the neck and shoulders , sometimes with a fever fluid build - up in the lining of the heart ( pericardial effusion ), symptoms include chest pain or pressure and shortness of breath a blockage in the flow of bile from the liver ( cholestasis ), which can cause itchy skin , yellow skin , very dark urine and very pale stools perforation of the digestive system cytomegalovirus infection hepatitis b infection activated again ( viral inflammation of the liver ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following can all be signs of serious side effects : if you have chest pain , difficulty breathing , coughing and fainting if you experience unexpected bleeding or bruising without having an injury if you find blood in your vomit , stools or urine , or have black stools if you get signs of infections such as fever , severe chills if you get fever , sore mouth or throat , blistering or peeling of your skin and / or mucous membranes contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the above . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections ( including bacterial , viral and fungal ) heart and lungs : shortness of breath digestive problems : diarrhoea , feeling or being sick ( nausea , vomiting ) skin , hair , eye , general : skin rash , fever , swelling around the face , hands and feet , headache , feeling tired or weak , bleeding pain : pain in the muscles ( during or after discontinuing treatment ), tummy ( abdominal ) pain tests may show : low blood platelet count , low white blood cells count ( neutropaenia ), anaemia , fluid around the lungs common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infections : pneumonia , herpes virus infection ( including cytomegalovirus - cmv ), upper respiratory tract infection , serious infection of the blood or tissues ( including uncommon cases with fatal outcomes ) heart and lungs : palpitations , irregular heartbeat , congestive heart failure , weak heart muscle , high blood pressure , increased blood pressure in the lungs , cough digestive problems : appetite disturbances , taste disturbance , bloated or distended tummy ( abdomen ), inflammation of the colon , constipation , heartburn , mouth ulceration , weight increase , weight decrease , gastritis skin , hair , eye , general : skin tingling , itching , dry skin , acne , inflammation of the skin , persistent noise in ears , hair loss , excessive perspiration , visual disorder ( including blurred vision and disturbed vision ), dry eye , bruise , depression , insomnia , flushing , dizziness , contusion ( bruising ), anorexia , somnolence , generalised oedema pain : pain in joints , muscular weakness , chest pain , pain around hands and feet , chills , stiffness in muscles and joints , muscle spasm tests may show : fluid around the heart , fluid in the lungs , arrhythmia , febrile neutropaenia , gastrointestinal bleeding , high uric acid levels in the blood uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heart and lungs : heart attack ( including fatal outcome ), inflammation of the lining ( fibrous sack ) surrounding the heart , irregular heartbeat , chest pain due to lack of blood supply to the 110 heart ( angina ), low blood pressure , narrowing of airway that may cause breathing difficulties , asthma , increased blood pressure in the arteries ( blood vessels ) of the lungs digestive problems : inflammation of the pancreas , peptic ulcer , inflammation of the food pipe , swollen tummy ( abdomen ), tear in the skin of the anal canal , difficulty in swallowing , inflammation of the gallbladder , blockage of bile ducts , gastro - oesophageal reflux ( a condition where acid and other stomach contents come back up into the throat ) skin , hair , eye , general : allergic reaction including tender , red lumps on the skin ( erythema nodosum ), anxiety , confusion , mood swings , lower sexual drive , fainting , tremor , inflammation of the eye which causes redness or pain , a skin disease characterized by tender , red , well - defined blotches with the sudden onset of fever and raised white blood cell count ( neutrophilic dermatosis ), loss of hearing , sensitivity to light , visual impairment , increased eye tearing , disturbance in skin colour , inflammation of fatty tissue under the skin , skin ulcer , blistering of the skin , nail disorder , hair disorder , hand - foot disorder , renal failure , urinary frequency , breast enlargement in men , menstrual disorder , general weakness and discomfort , low thyroid function , losing balance while walking , osteonecrosis ( a disease of reduced blood flow to the bones , which can cause bone loss and bone death ), arthritis , skin swelling anywhere in the body pain : inflammation of vein which can cause redness , tenderness and swelling , inflammation of the tendon brain : loss of memory tests may show : abnormal blood test results and possibly impaired kidney function caused by the waste products of the dying tumour ( tumour lysis syndrome ), low levels of albumin in the blood , low levels of lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , high level of cholesterol in the blood , swollen lymph nodes , bleeding in the brain , irregularity of the electrical activity of the heart , enlarged heart , inflammation of the liver , protein in the urine , raised creatine phosphokinase ( an enzyme mainly found in the heart , brain and skeletal muscles ), raised troponin ( an enzyme mainly found in the heart and skeletal muscles ), raised gamma - glutamyltransferase ( an enzyme mainly found in the liver ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart and lungs : enlargement of the right ventricle in the heart , inflammation of the heart muscle , collection of conditions resulting from blockage of blood supply to the heart muscle ( acute coronary syndrome ), cardiac arrest ( stopping of blood flow from the heart ), coronary ( heart ) artery disease , inflammation of the tissue covering the heart and lungs , blood clots , blood clots in the lungs digestive problems : loss of vital nutrients such as protein from your digestive tract , bowel obstruction , anal fistula ( an abnormal opening from the anus to the skin around the anus ), impairment of kidney function , diabetes skin , hair , eye , general : convulsion , inflammation of the optic nerve that may cause a complete or partial loss of vision , blue - purple mottling of the skin , abnormally high thyroid function , inflammation of the thyroid gland , ataxia ( a condition associated with lack of muscular coordination ), difficulty walking , miscarriage , inflammation of the skin blood vessels , skin fibrosis brain : stroke , temporary episode of neurologic dysfunction caused by loss of blood flow , facial nerve paralysis , dementia immune system : severe allergic reaction musculoskeletal and connective tissue : delayed fusion of the rounded ends that form joints ( epiphyses ); slower or delayed growth other side effects that have been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the lungs bleeding in the stomach or bowels that can cause death recurrence ( reactivation ) of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ) a reaction with fever , blisters on the skin , and ulceration of the mucous membranes 111 disease of the kidneys with symptoms including oedema and abnormal laboratory test results such as protein in the urine and low protein level in the blood damage to blood vessels known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( tma ), including decreased red blood cell count , decreased platelets , and formation of blood clots your doctor will check for some of these effects during your treatment . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience blood clots in the veins , especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . have dementia and experience a sudden change in your mental state or sudden weakness or numbness of your face , arms or legs , especially on one side , or slurred speech , even for a short period of time . these may be signs of a stroke . experience fever , muscle stiffness , sweating or a lowered level of consciousness ( a disorder called " neuroleptic malignant syndrome "). immediate medical treatment may be needed . are a man and experience prolonged or painful erection . this is called priapism . immediate medical treatment may be needed . experience involuntary rhythmic movements of the tongue , mouth and face . withdrawal of paliperidone may be needed . experience a severe allergic reaction characterised by fever , swollen mouth , face , lip or tongue , shortness of breath , itching , skin rash and sometimes drop in blood pressure ( amounting to an ' anaphylactic reaction '). even if you have previously tolerated oral risperidone or oral paliperidone , rarely allergic reactions occur after receiving injections of paliperidone . are planning to have an operation on your eye , make sure you tell your eye doctor that you are taking this medicine . during an operation on the eye for cloudiness of the lens ( cataract ), the iris ( the coloured part of the eye ) may become floppy during surgery ( known as " floppy iris syndrome ") that may lead to eye damage . are aware of having dangerously low numbers of a certain type of white blood cell needed to fight infection in your blood . the following side effects may happen : very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people difficulty falling or staying asleep . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people common cold symptoms , urinary tract infection , feeling like you have the flu paliperidone janssen - cilag international can raise your levels of a hormone called " prolactin " found on a blood test ( which may or may not cause symptoms ). when symptoms of high prolactin occur , they may include ( in men ) breast swelling , difficulty in getting or maintaining erections , or other sexual dysfunction ; ( in women ) breast discomfort , leakage of milk from the breasts , missed menstrual periods , or other problems with your cycle . high blood sugar , weight gain , weight loss , decreased appetite irritability , depression , anxiety parkinsonism : this condition may include slow or impaired movement , sensation of stiffness or tightness of the muscles ( making your movements jerky ), and sometimes even a sensation of movement " freezing up " and then restarting . other signs of parkinsonism include a slow shuffling walk , a tremor while at rest , increased saliva and / or drooling , and a loss of expression on the face . restlessness , feeling sleepy , or less alert dystonia : this is a condition involving slow or sustained involuntary contraction of muscles . while it can involve any part of the body ( and may result in abnormal posture ), dystonia often involves muscles of the face , including abnormal movements of the eyes , mouth , tongue or jaw . dizziness dyskinesia : this is a condition involving involuntary muscle movements , and can include repetitive , spastic or writhing movements , or twitching . tremor ( shaking ) headache rapid heart rate high blood pressure cough , stuffy nose abdominal pain , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , toothache increased liver transaminases in your blood bone or muscle ache , back pain , joint pain loss of menstrual periods leakage of milk from the breasts fever , weakness , fatigue ( tiredness ) a reaction at the injection site , including itching , pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people pneumonia , infection of the chest ( bronchitis ), infection of the breathing passages , sinus infection , bladder infection , ear infection , fungal infection of the nails , tonsillitis , infection of 74 the skin white blood cell count decreased , decrease in the type of white blood cells that help to protect you against infection , decrease in platelets ( blood cells that help you stop bleeding ), anaemia allergic reaction diabetes or worsening of diabetes , increased insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ) in your blood increased appetite loss of appetite resulting in malnutrition and low body weight high blood triglycerides ( a fat ), increased cholesterol in your blood sleep disorder , elated mood ( mania ), decreased sexual drive , nervousness , nightmares tardive dyskinesia ( twitching or jerking movements that you cannot control in your face , tongue , or other parts of your body ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience involuntary rhythmic movements of the tongue , mouth and face . withdrawal of this medicine may be needed . fainting , a restless urge to move parts of your body , dizziness upon standing , disturbance in attention , problems with speech , loss or abnormal sense of taste , reduced sensation of skin to pain and touch , a sensation of tingling , pricking , or numbness of skin blurry vision , eye infection or " pink eye ", dry eye sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , ear pain an interruption in conduction between the upper and lower parts of the heart , abnormal electrical conduction of the heart , prolongation of the qt interval from your heart , rapid heartbeat upon standing , slow heart rate , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( electrocardiogram or ecg ), a fluttering or pounding feeling in your chest ( palpitations ) low blood pressure , low blood pressure upon standing ( consequently , some people taking this medicine may feel faint , dizzy , or may pass out when they stand up or sit up suddenly ) shortness of breath , congestion of breathing passages , wheezing , sore throat , nosebleeds abdominal discomfort , stomach or intestinal infection , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth , excessive passing of gas or wind increased ggt ( a liver enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood hives ( or " nettle rash "), itching , rash , hair loss , eczema , dry skin , skin redness , acne an increase of cpk ( creatine phosphokinase ) in your blood , an enzyme which is sometimes released with muscle breakdown muscle spasms , joint stiffness , muscle weakness , neck pain incontinence ( lack of control ) of urine , frequent passing of urine , pain when passing urine erectile dysfunction , ejaculation disorder , missed menstrual periods or other problems with your cycle ( females ), development of breasts in men , sexual dysfunction , breast pain swelling of the face , mouth , eyes , or lips , swelling of the body , arms or legs an increase in body temperature a change in the way you walk chest pain , chest discomfort , feeling unwell hardening of the skin fall . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people eye infection skin inflammation caused by mites , abscess under the skin increase in eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood inappropriate secretion of a hormone that controls urine volume sugar in the urine life threatening complications of uncontrolled diabetes low blood sugar excessive drinking of water not moving or responding while awake ( catatonia ) confusion 75 sleep walking lack of emotion inability to reach orgasm neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( confusion , reduced or loss of consciousness , high fever , and severe muscle stiffness ), blood vessel problems in the brain , including sudden loss of blood supply to brain ( stroke or " mini " stroke ), unresponsive to stimuli , loss of consciousness , low level of consciousness , convulsion ( fits ), balance disorder abnormal coordination glaucoma ( increased pressure within the eyeball ) problems with movement of your eyes , eye rolling , oversensitivity of the eyes to light , increased tears , redness of the eyes atrial fibrillation ( an abnormal heart rhythm ), irregular heart beat blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ). if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately flushing trouble breathing during sleep ( sleep apnoea ) lung congestion crackly lung sounds inflammation of the pancreas , swollen tongue , stool incontinence , very hard stool chapped lips rash on skin related to drug , thickening of skin , dandruff breakdown of muscle fibers and pain in muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) joint swelling inability to pass urine breast discomfort , enlargement of the glands in your breasts , breast enlargement vaginal discharge very low body temperature , chills , feeling thirsty symptoms of drug withdrawal accumulation of pus caused by infection at injection site , deep skin infection , a cyst at injection site , bruising at injection site . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data dangerously low numbers of a certain type of white blood cell needed to fight infection in your blood severe allergic reaction characterised by fever , swollen mouth , face , lip or tongue , shortness of breath , itching , skin rash and sometimes drop in blood pressure dangerously excessive intake of water sleep - related eating disorder coma due to uncontrolled diabetes shaking of the head blood clot in the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . decreased oxygen in parts of your body ( because of decreased blood flow ) fast , shallow breathing , pneumonia caused by inhaling food , voice disorder a blockage in the bowels , lack of bowel muscle movement that causes blockage yellowing of the skin and the eyes ( jaundice ) serious allergic reaction with swelling that may involve the throat and lead to difficulty breathing skin discolouration , flaky itchy scalp or skin abnormal posture newborn babies born to mothers who have taken paliperidone janssen - cilag international during pregnancy may experience side effects of the drug and / or withdrawal symptoms , such as irritability , slow , or sustained muscle contractions , shaking , sleepiness , breathing , or feeding problems priapism ( a prolonged penile erection that may require surgical treatment ) 76 a decrease in body temperature dead skin cells at the injection site and an ulcer at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , olysio can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with olysio when used in combination with sofosbuvir : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : - itching of the skin - skin rash * - constipation - being sensitive to sunlight ( photosensitivity ) - increased ' bilirubin ' levels in your blood ( bilirubin is a pigment made by the liver ). * skin rash may affect more than 1 in 10 people ( very common ) when olysio is used in combination with sofosbuvir for 24 weeks . the following side effects may happen with olysio when used in combination with peginterferon alfa and ribavirin : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching of the skin - skin rash - being short of breath . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : - increased ' bilirubin ' levels in your blood ( bilirubin is a pigment made by the liver )* - being sensitive to sunlight ( photosensitivity ) - constipation . * in a clinical study in asian patients from china and south - korea , increased blood ' bilirubin ' levels were reported in more than 1 in 10 people ( very common ). read the package leaflets for the other medicines used for treating your hepatitis c infection for side effects reported with these medicines . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following : any sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ), and feeling you are going to faint . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . carmustine obvius may cause the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - delayed myelosuppression ( decrease in blood cells in bone marrow ) which can increase the chance of infections if white blood cells are decreased - ataxia ( lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements ); - dizziness ; - headache ; - transient redness in the eye , blurred vision due to retinal bleeding ; - hypotension ( fall in blood pressure ); - phlebitis ( inflammation of the veins ) associated with pain , swelling , redness , tenderness ; - respiratory disorders ( lung related disorders ) with breathing problems ; this medicine may cause severe ( possibly fatal ) lung damage . lung damage may occur years after treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , persistent cough , chest pain , persistent weakness / tiredness . - severe nausea and vomiting - when used on the skin , inflammation of the skin ( dermatitis ); - accidental contact with skin may cause transient hyperpigmentation ( darkening of an area of skin or nails ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - acute leukaemias and bone marrow dysplasias ( abnormal development of the bone marrow ). symptoms may include bleeding from the gums , bone pain , fever , frequent infections , frequent or severe nosebleed , lumps caused by swollen lymph nodes in and around the neck , underarm , abdomen or groin , pale skin , shortness of breath , weakness , fatigue or a general decrease in energy ; - anaemia ( decrease in the amount of red blood cells in the blood ); - encephalopathy ( disorder of brain ). symptoms may include muscle weakness in one area , poor decision - making or concentration , involuntary twitching , trembling , difficulty speaking or swallowing , seizures ; - anorexia ; - constipation ; - diarrhoea ; - inflammation of the mouth and lips ; - reversible liver toxicity in high - dose therapy . this can result in increased liver enzymes and bilirubin ( detected by blood tests ); - alopecia ( loss of hair ); - flushing of the skin ; - reactions on the injection site rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - veno - occlusive disease ( progressive blockage of the veins ) where very small ( microscopic ) veins in the liver are blocked . symptoms may include : fluid accumulation in the abdomen , enlargement of spleen , severe bleeding of the oesophagus , yellow - colouring of skin and whites of the eyes ; - breathing problems caused by interstitial fibrosis ( with lower doses ); 28 - kidney problems ; - gynecomastia ( breast growth in males ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - muscular pain ; - seizures ( fits ) including status epilepticus ; - tissue damage due to leakage in injection area ; - infertility ; - carmustine has been shown to adversely affect the development of unborn babies - electrolyte abnormalities ( and disturbances in the electrolyte balance ( low blood levels of potassium , magnesium , phosphate )) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact you doctor right away if you notice any of the following symptoms . you may need urgent medical advice or treatment : - if you develop unusual behaviours such as compulsions , obsessive thoughts , addictive gambling , excessive shopping or spending , impulsive behaviour and an abnormally high sex drive or an increase in sexual thoughts ( impulse control disorders ) ( see section 2 ). - if you see or hear things which are not there ( hallucinations ). - any combination of hallucinations , fever , restlessness , tremor and sweating ( serotonin syndrome ) - if you notice any suspicious skin changes because there is a higher risk of skin cancer ( not exclusively melanoma ) in patients with parkinson ' s disease ( see section 2 ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - involuntary movements ( dyskinesia ) - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - fall - allergy - fever - flu ( influenza ) - general feeling of being unwell ( malaise ) - neck pain - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure when rising to a standing position with symptoms like dizziness / light - headedness ( orthostatic hypotension ) - decreased appetite - constipation - dry mouth - nausea and vomiting 29 - flatulence - abnormal results of blood tests ( leucopenia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased weight - abnormal dreams - difficulty in muscular coordination ( balance disorder ) - depression - dizziness ( vertigo ) - prolonged muscle contractions ( dystonia ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - rash - bloodshot eyes ( conjunctivitis ) - urinary urgency uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stroke ( cerebrovascular accident ) - heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) - blistering rash ( vesiculobullous rash ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - elevated blood pressure - excessive drowsiness - sudden onset of sleep reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood 29 cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of kidney function a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an encephalopathy . the most frequently reported adverse reactions were nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people anorexia ( loss of appetite ); depression , hostility or aggression , anxiety , insomnia , nervousness or irritability ; convulsion , balance disorder ( equilibrium disorder ), dizziness ( sensation of unsteadiness ), lethargy ( lack of energy and enthusiasm ), tremor ( involuntary trembling ); vertigo ( sensation of rotation ); cough ; abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea ; rash ; asthenia / fatigue ( tiredness ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people decreased number of blood platelets , decreased number of white blood cells ; weight decrease , weight increase ; suicide attempt and suicidal ideation , mental disorder , abnormal behaviour , hallucination , anger , confusion , panic attack , emotional instability / mood swings , agitation ; amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal coordination / ataxia ( impaired coordinated movements ), paraesthesia ( tingling ), disturbance in attention ( loss of concentration ); diplopia ( double vision ), vision blurred ; elevated / abnormal values in a liver function test ; hair loss , eczema , pruritus ; muscle weakness , myalgia ( muscle pain ); injury . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people infection ; decreased number of all blood cell types ; severe allergic reactions ( dress , anaphylactic reaction [ severe and important allergic reaction ], quincke ' s oedema [ swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ]); decreased blood sodium concentration ; 30 suicide , personality disorders ( behavioural problems ), thinking abnormal ( slow thinking , unable to concentrate ); delirium ; encephalopathy ( see sub - section " tell your doctor immediately " for a detailed description of symptoms ); seizures may become worse or happen more often ; uncontrollable muscle spasms affecting the head , torso and limbs , difficulty in controlling movements , hyperkinesia ( hyperactivity ); change of the heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ); pancreatitis liver failure , hepatitis ; sudden decrease in kidney function ; skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ); rhabdomyolysis ( breakdown of muscle tissue ) and associated blood creatine phosphokinase increase . prevalence is significantly higher in japanese patients when compared to non - japanese patients ; limp or difficulty walking . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following , as you may need urgent medical treatment : - allergic reactions - the signs may include swelling of your face or eyes , having pale , itchy or tight skin or having a rash , feeling short of breath , tightness in the chest , irritation in your throat or being sick . these are uncommon side effects and may affect up to 1 in 100 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the signs above . other side effects include common - may affect up to 1 in 10 people - looking flushed - increased blood pressure uncommon - may affect up to 1 in 100 people . you may experience the following uncommon side effects : - headache - feeling dizzy - feeling anxious - feeling sick ( nausea ) - chest discomfort - low blood sugar ( symptoms : hunger , headache ) 34 - back pain - feeling hot or cold - increased breathing rate - pain at the injection site - heart pounding ( palpitations ) - pain in muscles or bones - shaking movements ( tremor ) - puffy and swollen skin - fever - over breathing ( hyperventilation ) - change in the way you taste things - a spinning feeling ( vertigo ) - reduced sense of touch or sensation - feeling tired or weak - inability to get or maintain an erection - indigestion , stomach ache or sore mouth - vomiting - decreased feeling or sensitivity especially in your skin or your face - increase in " blood lactate dehydrogenase " or " neutrophils " in blood tests - skin tightness this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation , which is associated with very low risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities ( passing on faulty genes ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact you doctor right away if you notice any of the following symptoms . you may need urgent medical advice or treatment : - if you develop unusual behaviours such as compulsions , obsessive thoughts , addictive gambling , excessive shopping or spending , impulsive behaviour and an abnormally high sex drive or an increase in sexual thoughts ( impulse control disorders ) ( see section 2 ). - if you see or hear things which are not there ( hallucinations ). - any combination of hallucinations , fever , restlessness , tremor and sweating ( serotonin syndrome ) - if you notice any suspicious skin changes because there is a higher risk of skin cancer ( not exclusively melanoma ) in patients with parkinson ' s disease ( see section 2 ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - involuntary movements ( dyskinesia ) - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - fall - allergy - fever - flu ( influenza ) - general feeling of being unwell ( malaise ) - neck pain - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure when rising to a standing position with symptoms like dizziness / light - headedness ( orthostatic hypotension ) - decreased appetite - constipation - dry mouth - nausea and vomiting - flatulence 29 - abnormal results of blood tests ( leucopenia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint inflammation ( arthritis ) - numbness and muscle weakness of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased weight - abnormal dreams - difficulty in muscular coordination ( balance disorder ) - depression - dizziness ( vertigo ) - prolonged muscle contractions ( dystonia ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - rash - bloodshot eyes ( conjunctivitis ) - urinary urgency uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stroke ( cerebrovascular accident ) - heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) - blistering rash ( vesiculobullous rash ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - elevated blood pressure - excessive drowsiness - sudden onset of sleep reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . seek urgent medical attention if your child develops any of the following serious side effects ( these occur commonly , i . e . may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): 36 bruising or bleeding for longer than usual if your child has been hurt - these may be signs of a low blood - platelet count . pale grey or blue skin colour , difficulty in breathing ( e . g . rapid breathing , shortness of breath ), swelling of the limbs or abdomen - these may be signs of possible problems with the heart . talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse if your child develops any other side effects . these can include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increases in liver enzymes ( transaminases ) seen in blood tests . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increases in liver enzymes ( aspartate aminotransferase , alanine aminotransferase ) seen in blood tests ; vomiting ; fever . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . modigraf reduces your body ' s defence mechanism ( immune system ), which will not be as good at fighting infections . therefore , you may be more prone to infections while you are taking modigraf . severe effects may occur , including allergic and anaphylactic reactions ( a very serious type of allergic reaction with fainting and difficulty breathing , which needs immediate medical attention ). benign and malignant tumours have been reported following modigraf treatment . cases of pure red cell aplasia ( a very severe reduction in red blood cell counts ), agranulocytosis ( a severely lowered number of white blood cells ), haemolytic anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells due to abnormal breakdown ) and febrile neutropenia ( a decrease in the type of white blood cells which fight infection , accompanied by fever ) have been reported . it is not known exactly how often these side effects occur . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - increased blood sugar , diabetes mellitus , increased potassium in the blood - difficulty in sleeping - trembling , headache - increased blood pressure - liver function tests abnormal - diarrhoea , nausea - kidney problems common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( platelets , red or white blood cells ), increase in white blood cell counts , changes in red blood cell counts ( seen in blood tests ) - reduced magnesium , phosphate , potassium , calcium or sodium in the blood , fluid overload , increased uric acid or lipids in the blood , decreased appetite , increased acidity of the blood , other changes in the blood salts ( seen in blood tests ) - anxiety symptoms , confusion and disorientation , depression , mood changes , nightmare , hallucination , mental disorders - fits , disturbances in consciousness , tingling and numbness ( sometimes painful ) in the hands and feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders - blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , eye disorders - ringing sound in your ears - reduced blood flow in the heart vessels , faster heartbeat - bleeding , partial or complete blocking of blood vessels , reduced blood pressure - shortness in breath , changes in the lung tissue , collection of liquid around the lung , inflammation of the throat , cough , flu - like symptoms - stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain or diarrhoea , bleeding in the stomach , inflammation or ulcer in the mouth , collection of fluid in the belly , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , bloating , loose stools - bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin due to liver problems , liver tissue damage and inflammation of the liver - itching , rash , hair loss , acne , increased sweating - pain in joints , limbs , back and feet , muscle spasms - insufficient function of the kidneys , reduced production of urine , impaired or painful urination - general weakness , fever , collection of fluid in your body , pain and discomfort , increase of the enzyme alkaline phosphatase in your blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed - insufficient function of your transplanted organ uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) - dehydration , inability to urinate - abnormal blood test results : reduced protein or sugar , increased phosphate , increase of the enzyme lactate dehydrogenase - coma , bleeding in the brain , stroke , paralysis , brain disorder , speech and language abnormalities , memory problems - clouding of the eye lens , impaired hearing - irregular heartbeat , stop of heartbeat , reduced performance of your heart , disorder of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , stronger heartbeat , abnormal ecg , heart rate and pulse abnormal - blood clot in a vein of a limb , shock - difficulties in breathing , respiratory tract disorders , asthma 35 - obstruction of the gut , increased blood level of the enzyme amylase , reflux of stomach content in your throat , delayed emptying of the stomach - inflammation of the skin , burning sensation in the sunlight - joint disorders - painful menstruation and abnormal menstrual bleeding - multiple organ failure , flu - like illness , increased sensitivity to heat and cold , feeling of pressure on your chest , jittery or abnormal feeling , weight loss rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - small bleedings in your skin due to blood clots - increased muscle stiffness - blindness , deafness - collection of fluid around the heart - acute breathlessness - cyst formation in your pancreas - problems with blood flow in the liver - serious illness with blistering of skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ; increased hairiness - thirst , fall , feeling of tightness in your chest , decreased mobility , ulcer very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - muscular weakness - abnormal heart scan - liver failure - painful urination with blood in the urine - increase of fat tissue not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - abnormality of the optic nerve ( optic neuropathy ) children and adolescents children and adolescents may experience the same side effects as adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects of unknown frequency ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) constipation abnormal liver test values reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or , pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines and medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), allergic reactions may occur . some of these reactions may be serious and may include difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you have an allergic reaction , call your doctor right away . the following side effects have been observed : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and itching at the injection site * common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , bruising , hard lump , and rash at the injection site *; headache *; pain in the arm or leg *; joint pain , muscle pain ; fever ; rash uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea ; swollen gland ( neck , armpit ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): hives at the injection site very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): varicella ( chicken pox ); shingles ; damage of retina caused by inflammation resulting in changes in sight ( in patients under immunosuppressive therapy ). * these adverse reactions have been observed in clinical trials and through post - marketing surveillance ; most of those observed in clinical trials were reported as mild in intensity . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this vaccine .
like all medicines , avandia can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for allergic reactions : these are very rare in people taking avandia . signs include : raised and itchy rash ( hives ) swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing collapse . contact a doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . stop taking avandia . fluid retention and heart failure : avandia can cause you to retain water ( fluid retention ) which leads to swelling and weight gain . extra body fluid can make some existing heart problems worse or lead to heart failure . this is more likely if you are also taking other medicines for your diabetes ( like insulin ), if you have kidney problems , or if you are over 65 . check your weight regularly ; if it goes up rapidly , tell your doctor . symptoms of heart failure include : shortness of breath , waking up short of breath at night getting tired easily after light physical activity such as walking rapid increase in your weight swollen ankles or feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms - either for the first time or if they get worse . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ): if you are taking avandia with other medicines for diabetes , it is more likely that your blood sugar could fall below the normal level . early symptoms of low blood sugar are : shaking , sweating , faintness nervousness , palpitations hunger . the severity can increase , leading to confusion and loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . the dose of your medicines may need to be reduced . liver problems : before you start taking avandia you will have a blood sample taken to check your liver function . this check may be repeated at intervals . these may be signs of liver problems : nausea and vomiting stomach ( abdominal ) pain loss of appetite dark - coloured urine . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get these symptoms . eye problems : swelling of the retina at the back of the eye which can cause blurred vision ( macular oedema ) can be a problem for people with diabetes . new or worse cases of macular oedema have occurred on rare occasions in people taking avandia and similar medicines . discuss with your doctor any concerns about your eyesight . broken bones : bone fractures can occur in people with diabetes . the chances of this happening may be higher in people , particularly women , taking avandia for more than one year . the most common are breaks in feet , hands and arms . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : chest pain ( angina ) broken bones reduction in blood count ( anaemia ) small increases in blood cholesterol , increased amount of fats in the blood increased weight , increased appetite constipation swelling ( oedema ) due to water retention . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) causing breathlessness heart failure swelling of the retina at the back of the eye ( macular oedema ) liver doesn ' t function as well as it should ( increase in liver enzymes ). very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : allergic reactions rapid and excessive weight gain caused by fluid retention . if you get side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects listed gets severe or troublesome , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . higher risk of blood clots certain people may have a higher risk of blood clots , including people with liver disease , and medicines like mulpleo could make this problem worse . signs of a blood clot : look out for any of the signs below : swelling , pain , heat , redness , or tenderness in your leg sudden shortness of breath , especially with sharp pain in the chest or rapid breathing pain in the abdomen ( tummy ), swollen abdomen , blood in your stools . ➤ get medical help immediately if you notice any of these . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea blood clot in the liver ( portal vein thrombosis ) rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following mild to moderate , short - lasting skin reactions around the injection area can occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , hardening or redness at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) itching at the injection site uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rash at the injection site allergic reactions such as rash , swelling or hives ( see section 2 ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they may happen days to weeks after you have had the injection . you may feel pain at the place where you had the injection , but this should wear off after a few minutes . you may get a dry mouth and it might become difficult to swallow . in rare cases difficulty in swallowing may be severe and choking is possible . if your swallowing difficulty gets worse or you have choking or breathing problems , see a doctor immediately . you may need urgent medical treatment . aspiration pneumonia caused by food particles or vomit entering into the lungs , and respiratory disease , have been reported after treatment with botulinum toxins ( type a and type b ). these side effects have sometimes resulted in death and are possibly related to the spread of botulinum toxin to body parts away from the place where the injection is given . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dry mouth - difficulty swallowing - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blurred vision or drooping of your upper eyelid - indigestion or being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - neck pain - feeling weak , pain or stiff muscles around your body - loss of strength or energy - changes in the taste of your food and drink - changes in the sound of your voice - flu - like symptoms skin allergies such as rash with or without paleness , redness , patches , severe itching ; and skin eruptions such as welts or hives have also been reported after receiving neurobloc . the frequency of these side effects is not known . it is possible that cervical dystonia could become worse after you have had your injection . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , revlimid can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking revlimid and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : hives , rashes , swelling of eyes , mouth or face , difficulty breathing , or itching , which may be symptoms of serious types of allergic reactions called angioedema and anaphylactic reaction . a serious allergic reaction that may begin as a rash in one area but spread with extensive loss of skin over the whole body ( stevens - johnson syndrome and / or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). widespread rash , high body temperature , liver enzyme elevations , blood abnormalities ( eosinophilia ), enlarged lymph nodes and other body organs involvement ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms which is also known as dress or drug hypersensitivity syndrome ). see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : fever , chills , sore throat , cough , mouth ulcers or any other symptoms of infection including within the bloodstream ( sepsis ) bleeding or bruising in the absence of injury chest pain or leg pain shortness of breath bone pain , muscle weakness , confusion or tiredness that might be due to high level of calcium in the blood . revlimid may reduce the number of white blood cells that fight infection and also the blood cells which help the blood to clot ( platelets ) which may lead to bleeding disorders such as nosebleeds and bruising . revlimid may also cause blood clots in the veins ( thrombosis ). other side effects it is important to note that a small number of patients may develop additional types of cancer , and it is possible that this risk may be increased with revlimid treatment . therefore your doctor should carefully evaluate the benefit and risk when you are prescribed revlimid . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): a fall in the number of red blood cells which may cause anaemia leading to tiredness and weakness rashes , itching muscle cramps , muscle weakness , muscle pain , muscle aches , bone pain , joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities generalised swelling including swelling of your arms and legs weakness , tiredness fever and flu like symptoms including fever , muscle ache , headache , earache , cough and chills numbness , tingling or burning sensation to the skin , pains in hands or feet , dizziness , tremordecreased appetite , change in the way things taste increase in pain , tumour size or redness around the tumour weight loss constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , heartburn low levels of potassium or calcium and / or sodium in the blood thyroid functioning less than it should be leg pain ( which could be a symptom of thrombosis ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the lungs , called pulmonary embolism ) infections of all types , including infection of the sinuses that surround the nose , infection of the lung and the upper respiratory tract shortness of breath blurred vision clouding of your eye ( cataract ) kidney problems which include kidneys not working properly or not being able to maintain normal function abnormal liver test results increase in liver test results changes to a protein in the blood that can cause swelling of the arteries ( vasculitis ) increases in your blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) decreases in your blood sugar levels headache nosebleed dry skin depression , mood change , difficulty sleeping cough a fall in blood pressure a vague feeling of bodily discomfort , feeling bad sore inflamed mouth , dry mouth dehydration common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): destruction of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) certain types of skin tumour bleeding of the gums , stomach , or bowels increased blood pressure , slow , fast or irregular heart beat increase in the amount of a substance which results from normal and abnormal breakdown of red blood cells increase in a type of protein that indicates inflammation in body darkening of your skin , discoloration of your skin resulting from bleeding underneath , typically caused by bruising , swelling of skin filled with blood , bruise increase in uric acid in the blood 95 skin eruptions , redness of skin , cracking , flaking or peeling skin , hives increased sweating , night sweats difficulty swallowing , sore throat , difficulty with voice quality or voice changes runny nose production of much more or much less urine than usual or the inability to control when to urinate passing blood in the urine shortness of breath especially when lying down ( which may be a symptom of heart failure ) difficulty getting an erection stroke , fainting , vertigo ( problem with inner ear which leads to feeling that everything is spinning ), temporary loss of consciousness chest pain spreading to the arms , neck , jaw , back or stomach , feeling sweaty and breathless , feeling sick or vomiting , which may be symptoms of a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) muscle weakness , lack of energy neck pain , chest pain chills joint swelling bile flow from liver slowed or blocked low levels of phosphate or magnesium in the blood difficulty speaking liver injury impaired balance , difficulty moving deafness , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) nerve pain , unpleasant abnormal sensation especially to touch an excess of iron in the body thirst confusion toothache fall which may result in injury uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bleeding within the skull circulatory problems loss of vision loss of sex drive ( libido ) passing large amounts of urine with bone pain and weakness , which may be symptoms of a kidney disorder ( fanconi syndrome ) yellow pigmentation to the skin , mucus membrane or eyes ( jaundice ), pale coloured stools , dark coloured urine , skin itch , rash , pain or swelling of the stomach these may be symptoms of injury to the liver ( hepatic failure ) stomach pain , bloating , or diarrhoea , which may be symptoms of inflammation in the large intestine ( called colitis or caecitis ) damage to the cells of the kidney ( called renal tubular necrosis ) changes to the colour of your skin , sensitivity to sunlight tumour lysis syndrome - metabolic complications that can occur during treatment of cancer and sometimes even without treatment . these complications are caused by the break - down products of dying cancer cells and may include the following : changes to blood chemistry ; high potassium , phosphorus , uric acid , and low calcium consequently leading to changes in kidney function , heart beat , seizures , and sometimes death . increase in blood pressure within blood vessels that supply the lungs ( pulmonary hypertension ). not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): sudden , or mild but worsening pain in the upper stomach and / or back , which remains for a few days , possibly accompanied by nausea , vomiting , fever and a rapid pulse these symptoms may be due to inflammation of the pancreas . wheezing , shortness of breath or a dry cough , which may be symptoms caused by inflammation of the tissue in the lungs . rare cases of muscle breakdown ( muscle pain , weakness or swelling ) which can lead to kidney problems ( rhabdomyolysis ) have been observed , some of them when revlimid is administered with a statin ( a type of cholesterol lowering medicines ). a condition affecting the skin caused by inflammation of small blood vessels , along with pain in the joints and fever ( leukocytoclastic vasculitis ). breakdown of the wall of the stomach or gut . this may lead to very serious infection . tell your doctor if you have severe stomach pain , fever , nausea , vomiting , blood in your stool , or changes in bowel habits . viral infections , including herpes zoster ( also known as ' shingles ', a viral disease that causes a painful skin rash with blisters ) and recurrence of hepatitis b infection ( which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark brown - colored urine , right - sided stomach pain , fever and feeling nauseous or being sick ). rejection of solid organ transplant ( such as kidney , heart ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the most serious side effects of treosulfan therapy or the transplant procedure include : decrease in blood cell counts which is the intended effect of the medicine to prepare you for your transplant infusion ( all patients : very common ) infections caused by bacteria , viruses and fungi ( all patients : very common ) blocking of a vein into the liver ( adults : uncommon ; children and adolescents : not known ) inflammation of the lung ( pneumonitis ) ( adults : uncommon ) your doctor will monitor your blood counts and liver enzymes regularly to detect and manage these events . adults a list of all other side effects is set out below according to how common they are . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decreased counts of white blood cells with fever ( febrile neutropenia ) inflammation of the lining of various parts of the body , especially in the mouth ( which can cause ulcers ), diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , belly ( abdominal ) pain tiredness increased blood level of bilirubin ( a liver pigment , often a sign of liver problems ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bloodstream infection ( sepsis ) allergic reactions decreased appetite problems sleeping ( insomnia ) headache , dizziness changes and abnormalities in heart rhythm ( heartbeat is irregular , too fast or too slow ) high blood pressure , flushing difficulty breathing , nosebleeds mouth pain , inflammation of the stomach , upset stomach , constipation , difficulty in swallowing a type of rash with flat or raised red bumps on the skin ( maculopapular rash ), red spots on the skin ( purpura ), redness of skin ( erythema ), hand and foot syndrome ( palms of the hands or soles of the feet tingle , become numb , painfully swollen , or red ), itching , hair loss pain in arms or legs , back pain , bone pain , joint pain , muscle pain sudden decrease of kidney function , blood in the urine retention of fluid in the body causing swelling ( oedema ), fever , chills increased liver enzymes , increased c - reactive protein ( a marker of inflammation in the body ), weight gain , weight loss 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high blood sugar level confusion problems in the nerves of the arms or legs with symptoms such as numbness , reduced or increased sensitivity , tingling , burning pain ( peripheral sensory neuropathy ) bruising , low blood pressure fluid around the lung ( pleural effusion ), inflammation of throat , inflammation of or pain in voice box , cough , hiccups bleeding in the mouth , feeling bloated , gullet or stomach pain , dry mouth liver damage a type of rash with red spots and sometimes with purple or blistered areas in the centre ( erythema multiforme ), acne , rash , excessive sweating chest pain , pain not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) life - threatening condition after bloodstream infection ( septic shock ) different cancer caused by chemotherapeutic treatment ( second malignancy ) increased acidity in the blood , abnormal control of blood sugar level , abnormal blood level of electrolytes ( salts in the blood ) restlessness abnormal brain function ( encephalopathy ), bleeding in the brain , restless , repetitive , or involuntary movements and rapid speech ( extrapyramidal disorder ), fainting , sensation of tingling , pricking or numbness ( paraesthesia ) dry eye heart not pumping enough blood for the body ' s needs ( heart failure ), heart attack , fluid in the sac around the heart ( pericardial effusion ) blockage of a blood vessel ( embolism ), bleeding throat pain , decrease in the oxygen supply to a tissue ( hypoxia ), hoarseness gastrointestinal bleeding , inflammation of the colon , inflammation of the gullet , inflammation of the anus , mouth ulcer liver failure , enlarged liver , liver pain reddening of the skin ( generalised erythema ), inflammation of skin ( dermatitis ), death of skin tissue , skin ulcer , bronze pigmentation of skin , dry skin muscle weakness kidney failure , inflammation of the urinary bladder ( cystitis ), pain on passing urine ( dysuria ) pain or inflammation at the injection site , feeling cold increased blood level of creatinine ( a substance normally removed by the kidneys into the urine ), increased blood level of lactate dehydrogenase ( a substance that indicates tissue or cellular damage ) children and adolescents a list of all other side effects is set out below according to how common they are . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the mucosa especially in the mouth ( with ulcers ), diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain itching fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) throat pain , nosebleeds difficulty in swallowing , mouth pain 35 reddening and flaking of most of the skin of the body ( dermatitis exfoliative ), a type of rash with flat or raised red bumps on the skin ( maculopapular rash ), rash , redness of skin ( erythema ), skin pain , bronze pigmentation of skin , hair loss increased liver enzymes , increased blood level of bilirubin ( a liver pigment , often a sign of liver problems ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) different cancer caused by chemotherapeutic treatment ( second malignancy ) decreased counts of white blood cells with fever ( febrile neutropenia ) less acid than normal in the blood ( alkalosis ), abnormal blood level of electrolytes , decreased blood level of magnesium headache , sensation of tingling , pricking or numbness ( paraesthesia ), seizure bleeding in the eye , dry eye leakage of fluid from the capillaries ( small blood vessels ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure decrease in the oxygen supply to parts of the body ( hypoxia ) inflammation of the colon , inflammation of anus , upset stomach , inflammation of the lining of the rectum , gastrointestinal pain , constipation enlarged liver , liver damage skin ulcer , a type of rash with red spots and sometimes with purple or blistered areas in the centre ( erythema multiforme ), hives , skin condition with fluid - filled blisters ( dermatitis bullous ), acne , hand and foot syndrome ( palms of the hands or soles of the feet tingle , become numb , painfully swollen , or red ), nappy rash with ulceration in the area surrounding the anus pain in arms or legs decrease of kidney function , kidney failure , inflammation of the urinary bladder ( cystitis ) redness of scrotal skin chills , tiredness , pain increased blood level of a liver enzyme ( gamma - glutamyl transferase ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of kidney function a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an encephalopathy . the most frequently reported side effects are nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people anorexia ( loss of appetite ); depression , hostility or aggression , anxiety , insomnia , nervousness or irritability ; convulsion , balance disorder ( equilibrium disorder ), dizziness ( sensation of unsteadiness ), lethargy ( lack of energy and enthusiasm ), tremor ( involuntary trembling ); vertigo ( sensation of rotation ); cough ; abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea ; rash ; asthenia / fatigue ( tiredness ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people decreased number of blood platelets , decreased number of white blood cells ; weight decrease , weight increase ; suicide attempt and suicidal ideation , mental disorder , abnormal behaviour , hallucination , anger , confusion , panic attack , emotional instability / mood swings , agitation ; amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal coordination / ataxia ( impaired coordinated movements ), paraesthesia ( tingling ), disturbance in attention ( loss of concentration ); diplopia ( double vision ), vision blurred ; elevated / abnormal values in a liver function test ; 40 hair loss , eczema , pruritus ; muscle weakness , myalgia ( muscle pain ); injury . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people infection ; decreased number of all blood cell types ; severe allergic reactions ( dress , anaphylactic reaction [ severe and important allergic reaction ], quincke ' s oedema [ swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ]); decreased blood sodium concentrations suicide , personality disorders ( behavioural problems ), thinking abnormal ( slow thinking , unable to concentrate ); delirium ; encephalopathy ( see sub - section " tell your doctor immediately " for a detailed description of symptoms ); seizures may become worse or happen more often ; uncontrollable muscle spasms affecting the head , torso and limbs , difficulty in controlling movements , hyperkinesia ( hyperactivity ); change of the heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ); pancreatitis ; liver failure , hepatitis ; sudden decrease in kidney function ; skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). rhabdomyolysis ( breakdown of muscle tissue ) and associated blood creatine phosphokinase increase . prevalence is significantly higher in japanese patients when compared to non - japanese patients . limp or difficulty walking reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . however , nulojix can cause serious side effects that may need treatment . tell your family or caregiver about your treatment as you might get symptoms that you might not be aware of yourself . tell your doctor immediately if you or your family notice any symptoms listed below : 36 nervous system symptoms may include memory lapse ; speech and communication difficulties ; a change in your mood or behaviour ; confusion or inability to control your muscles ; weakness on one side of the body ; vision changes ; or headache . infection symptoms may include fever ; unexplained weight loss ; swollen glands ; cold symptoms such as a runny nose or sore throat ; cough with sputum ; blood in your sputum ; earache ; cuts or scrapes that are red ; warm and oozing pus . kidney or bladder symptoms may include tenderness at the site of your transplanted kidney ; difficulty passing urine ; changes in the amount of urine you produce ; blood in the urine ; pain or burning on urination . gastrointestinal symptoms may include pain on swallowing ; painful mouth ulcers ; white patches in the mouth or throat ; upset stomach ; stomach pain ; vomiting ; or diarrhoea . skin changes may include unexpected bruising or bleeding ; brown or black skin lesion with uneven borders , or one part of the lesion does not look like the other ; a change in the size and colour of a mole ; or a new skin lesion or bump . allergic reactions may include , but are not limited to , rash ; reddened skin ; hives ; itching ; lip swelling ; tongue swelling ; swelling of the face ; swelling over entire body ; chest pain ; shortness of breath ; wheezing ; or dizziness .. very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : bladder or kidney infection , upper respiratory infection , cmv infection ( can cause serious blood and tissue infections ), fever , cough , bronchitis shortness of breath constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain high blood pressure , low blood pressure headache , difficulty sleeping , feeling nervous or anxious , swelling of the hands and feet joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities pain when passing urine , blood in the urine tests may show : low blood count or anaemia , low white blood cell count increased amounts of creatinine in your blood ( blood test used to measure kidney function ), increased amounts of protein in your urine changes in blood levels of different salts or electrolytes increased amounts of cholesterol and triglyceride ( blood fats ) high levels of sugar in your blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : cancer and non - cancerous growths of the skin dangerous decrease of blood pressure which , if untreated , may lead to collapse , coma and death stroke dead tissue because of stopped blood supply liver inflammation ( cytolytic hepatitis ) damage to the kidney fluid in the lungs , wheezing , chest pain or angina , enlarged heart muscle ( bottom of the heart ) infection of the blood or tissues , respiratory infections , pneumonia , flu , sinus inflammation , runny nose , sore throat , pain in the mouth / throat region , herpes virus infections , shingles and other viral infections , mouth sores , thrush , kidney infection , fungal skin infections , fungal infections of the nails and other fungal infections , skin infection , infection of soft tissues , wound infection , infection limited to one area , slow healing , bloody bruise , build up of lymph fluid around the transplanted kidney fast heart rate , slow heart rate , abnormal and irregular heart beat , weak heart diabetes dehydration 37 inflammation of the stomach and intestines , usually caused by a virus upset stomach unusual sensation of pins and needles , numbness or weakness of the arms and legs rash , itching muscle pain , muscle weakness , bone pain , joint swelling , abnormal cartilage between bones of the spine , sudden inability to bend joint , muscle spasms , arthritis blockage of kidney blood vessels , enlarged kidney due to blockage of urine flow out of the kidney , backflow of urine from the bladder into the kidney tubes , inability to hold urine , incomplete emptying of the bladder , urinating at night , sugar in the urine increase in body weight , decrease in body weight cataract , increased blood congestion in the eye , blurred vision shaking or tremors , dizziness , fainting or passing out , ear pain , buzzing , ringing or other persistent noise in the ears acne , hair loss , abnormal change to the skin , excessive sweating , night sweats weakness / gap in abdominal muscles and out pouching of skin over healed incision , hernia on the stomach wall depression , fatigue , feeling of tiredness , drowsiness , or lack of energy , general feeling of being unwell , difficulty breathing when laying down , nose bleeding typical appearance of a person with high levels of steroids , such as moon face , hump back , upper body obesity abnormal collection of fluid tests may show : low platelet counts in your blood , too many white blood cells , too many red blood cells changes in blood levels of carbon dioxide , fluid retention , low protein in the blood abnormal liver function tests , blood parathyroid hormone increased increased protein ( c - reactive protein ) in blood indicating inflammation a decrease of antibodies ( proteins that fight infection ) in your blood uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : lung cancer , rectal cancer , breast cancer , a form of cancer in the bones , musles , or fat tissue , tumor of the skin and intestinal tract caused by a herpes virus and seen in patients with a weakened immune system , prostate cancer , cancer of the cervix , throat cancer , cancer of the lymph nodes , cancer of the bone marrow , cancer of the kidney , kidney tubes , or bladder fungal infection of brain , inflammation of the brain , serious brain infection called pml ( progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ) abnormal swelling of the brain , increased pressure inside the skull and brain , seizure , weakness causing loss of movement on one side of the body , loss of the covering around nerves , inability of muscles to move in the face any disease of the brain causing headache , fever , hallucinations , confusion , abnormal speech and body movement poor blood flow to the heart , blocked heart beats , abnormal aorta heart valve , abnormal rapid heart rate sudden problems with breathing leading to lung damage , increased blood pressure in the lungs , inflammation of the lungs , coughing up blood , abnormality of lungs and air tubes delivering air in and out of lungs , fluid in the sac around the lungs , breathing that stops temporarily during sleep , abnormal speaking sound genital herpes inflammation of the colon ( large bowel ) caused by the cytomegalovirus , inflammation of the pancreas , ulcer in the stomach , small intestines , or large intestine , blockage of the small intestine , black , tar - like stools , rectal bleeding , abnormal colour of the stool bacterial infections , inflammation or infection of the inner layer of the heart , tuberculosis , bone infection , inflammation of the lymph nodes , chronic dilation of the airways in the lungs with frequent lung infections infection with the strongyloides worm , diarrheal infection with giardia parasite kidney disease that is caused by a virus ( polyomavirus - associated nephropathy ), inflammation of the kidneys , scarring of the kidneys , shrinkage of the small tubes in the kidney , inflammation of the bladder with bleeding 38 blood clotting in kidney artery guillian - barré syndrome ( a condition that causes muscle weakness or paralysis ) ebv ( epstein - barr virus ) lymphoproliferative disease blood clotting in veins , inflamed veins , periodic leg cramps abnormal arteries , scarring of the arteries , clotting in the arteries , narrowing of the arteries , temporary redness of the face / skin , swelling of the face stones in the gallbladder , fluid filled pocket in the liver , fatty liver skin disease with thickened patches of red skin , often with silvery scales , abnormal hair growth , excessive hair breakage , nails breaking , ulcer on the penis abnormal balance of minerals in the body causing bone problems , bone inflammation , abnormal weakening of the bone leading to bone problems , inflammation of the lining of the joints , rare bone condition inflammation of the testicles , an abnormally prolonged penile erection , abnormal cervical cells , breast mass , pain in the testes , ulcer in the female genital area , thinned vaginal walls , infertility or inability to become pregnant , swelling of the scrotum seasonal allergy poor appetite , loss of taste , decreased hearing abnormal dreams , mood swings , abnormal lack of ability to focus and sit still , difficulty understanding or thinking , poor memory , migraine , irritability numbness or weakness from poorly controlled diabetes , changes in the foot from diabetes , inability to keep legs still swelling of back of the eye causing changes in sight , eye inflamed , uncomfortable / increased sensitivity to light , swelling of the eyelid cracking of the corner of the mouth , swollen gums , salivary gland pain increased sexual desire burning sensation reaction to an infusion , scare tissue , inflammation , return of disease , feeling hot , ulcer not making enough urine failure of transplanted organ to work , problems during or after a transfusion , separation of the wound edges before it heals , broken bone , complete tear or separation of tendon , low blood pressure during or after a procedure , high blood pressure during or after a procedure , bruise / collection of blood within the soft tissues after a procedure , pain related to a procedure , headache related to a procedure , bruise of the soft tissue tests may show : dangerously low red blood cells , dangerously lowered white cell counts , destruction of red blood cells , blood clotting problems , acid in the blood from diabetes , lack of acid in the blood improper production of hormones by the adrenal glands low vitamin d levels pancreatic enzymes in the blood increased , troponin levels in the blood increased , prostate - specific antigen ( psa ) increased , high uric acid levels in the blood , cd - 4 lymphocyte cell counts decreased , low blood sugar reporting of side effects if any of the side effects gets serious , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following early symptoms of allergic reactions : - rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , - swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness . severe symptoms , including difficulty in breathing and ( nearly ) fainting , require prompt emergency treatment . for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 people ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 221 people ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) factor viii inhibitors ( for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache and fever . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) factor viii inhibitors ( for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment )), dizziness , flu , fainting , abnormal heartbeat , red itchy bumps on the skin , chest discomfort , injection site bruise , injection site reaction , itching , increased sweating , unusual taste in the mouth , hot flushes , migraines , memory impairment , chills , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , shortness of breath , sore throat , infection of the lymphatic vessels , whitening of skin , eye inflammation , rashes , excessive sweating , foot and leg swelling , reduced percentage of red blood cells , increase in a type of white blood cells ( monocytes ), and pain in the upper abdomen or lower chest . related to surgery catheter - related infection , decreased red cell blood count , swelling of limbs and joints , prolonged bleeding after drain removal , decreased factor viii level and post - operative bruise . related to central venous access devices ( cvad ) catheter - related infection , systemic infection and local blood clot at the catheter site . side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) potentially life - threatening reactions ( anaphylaxis ) and other allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ), general disorders ( tiredness , lack of energy ). additional side effects in children other than the development of inhibitors in previously untreated paediatric patients ( pups ), and catheter - related complications , no age - specific differences in side effects were noted in the clinical studies . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the below listed side effects . the doctor might ask you to stop using luveris . allergic reaction allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , hives , swelling of your face with difficulty breathing can sometimes be serious . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome lower abdominal pain together with nausea or vomiting . these may be the symptoms of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ). your ovaries may have over - reacted to the treatment and formed large sacs of fluid or cysts ( see also in section 2 under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). if this happens , your doctor will need to examine you as soon as possible . serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) usually with severe ohss are found very rarely . this could cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). other common side effects headache feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal discomfort or abdominal pain sacs of fluid within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ), breast pain and pelvic pain . local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , itching , bruising , swelling or irritation . torsion of the ovary and bleeding into the abdomen have not been reported with luveris , however , there have been rare cases reported following treatment with human menopausal gonadotropin ( hmg ), a urine - derived medication also containing lh . ectopic pregnancy ( embryo implanted outside the womb ) may occur especially in women with a history of prior tubal disease . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , acomplia can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them very common side effects , that affect more than 1 per 10 , that have occurred in patients on acomplia include : nausea and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects , that affect more than 1 per 100 but less than1 per 10 , that have occurred in patients on acomplia include : upset stomach , vomiting , trouble with sleeping , nervousness , depression , irritability , dizziness , diarrhoea , anxiety , itching , excessive sweating , muscle cramps or spasm , fatigue , bruising , tendon pain and inflammation ( tendonitis ), memory loss , back pain ( sciatica ), altered sensitivity ( less sensitivity or abnormal burning or prickling sensation ) of the hands and feet , hot flush , fall , influenza , and joint sprain . uncommon side effects , that affect less than 1 per 100 but more than1 per 1000 , that have occurred in patients on acomplia include : sleepiness ( lethargy ), tremor , night sweats , panic symptoms , hiccups , anger , restlessness ( dysphoria ), emotional disorder , suicidal thoughts , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ). rare side effects , that affect less than 1 per 1000 , that have occurred in patients on acomplia include : hallucinations . during post - marketing experience the following side effects have also been reported ( frequency not known ): convulsion , disturbance in attention , delusion ( false belief ), paranoia , rash , headache and stomach pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a nurse or a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - you may need urgent medical treatment : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) persistent eye pain and inflammation new pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the thigh bone . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain or sore in your mouth or jaw . you may have early signs of severe jaw problems ( necrosis ( dead bone tissue ) in the jaw bone ). talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section 2 ). severe adverse skin reactions not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma attack other possible side effects common ( may affect upto 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , including fever , shaking and shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints . these symptoms usually disappear within a couple of hours or days . talk to a nurse or doctor if any effects become troublesome or last more than a couple of days rise in body temperature . stomach and tummy pain , indigestion , being sick , vomiting or having diarrhoea ( loose bowels ) low calcium or phosphate levels in your blood changes in blood test results such as gamma gt or creatinine a heart rhythm problem called '" bundle branch block "' pain in your bone or muscles headache , feeling dizzy or feeling weak feeling thirsty , sore throat , changes in taste swollen legs or feet aching joints , arthritis , or other joint problems problems with your parathyroid gland bruising infections a problem with your eyes called ' cataracts ' skin problems tooth problems . uncommon ( may affect less than 1 in 100 people ) shaking or shivering your body temperature getting too low ( hypothermia ) a condition affecting the blood vessels in your brain called '" cerebrovascular disorder "' ( stroke or brain bleeding ) heart and circulatory problems ( including palpitations , heart attack , hypertension ( high blood pressure ) and varicose veins ) changes in your blood cells (' anaemia ') a high level of alkaline phosphatase in your blood fluid build up and swelling ('" lymphoedema "') fluid in your lungs stomach problems such as '" gastroenteritis "' or '" gastritis "' gallstones being unable to pass water ( urine ), cystitis ( bladder inflammation ) migraine pain in your nerves , damaged nerve root deafness increased sensitivity of sound , taste or touch or changes in smell difficulty swallowing mouth ulcers , swollen lips ('" cheilitis "'), oral thrush itching or tingling skin around your mouth pelvic pain , discharge , itching or pain in the vagina a skin growth called a '" benign skin neoplasm "' memory loss sleep problems , feeling anxious , emotional instability , or mood swings skin rash hair loss injury or pain at the injection site weight loss kidney cyst ( fluid - filled sac in the kidney ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking nexium control and contact a doctor immediately : sudden wheezing , swelling of your lips , tongue and throat , rash , fainting or difficulties in swallowing ( severe allergic reaction , seen rarely ) reddening of the skin with blisters or peeling . there may also be severe blisters and bleeding in the lips , eyes , mouth , nose and genitals . this could be ' stevens - johnson syndrome ' or ' toxic epidermal necrolysis ', seen very rarely . yellow skin , dark urine and tiredness , which can be symptoms of liver problems , seen rarely . talk to your doctor as soon as possible if you experience any of the following signs of infection : this medicine may in very rare cases affect the white blood cells leading to immune deficiency . if you have an infection with symptoms such as fever with a severely reduced general condition or fever with symptoms of a local infection such as pain in the neck , throat or mouth or difficulties in urinating , you must consult your doctor as soon as possible so that a lack of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) can be ruled out by a blood test . it is important for you to give information about your medicine at this time . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . effects on your stomach or gut : diarrhoea , stomach ache , constipation , wind ( flatulence ). feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). benign growths ( polyps ) in the stomach . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling of the feet and ankles . disturbed sleep ( insomnia ), feeling sleepy . dizziness , tingling feelings such as " pins and needles ". spinning feeling ( vertigo ). dry mouth . increased liver enzymes shown in blood tests that check how the liver is working . skin rash , lumpy rash ( hives ) and itchy skin . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood problems such as a reduced number of white blood cells or platelets . this can cause weakness , bruising or make infections more likely . low levels of sodium in the blood . this may cause weakness , being sick ( vomiting ) and cramps feeling agitated , confused or depressed . taste changes . eyesight problems such as blurred vision . suddenly feeling wheezy or short of breath ( bronchospasm ). an inflammation on the inside of the mouth . an infection called " thrush " which can affect the gut and is caused by a fungus . hair loss ( alopecia ). skin rash on exposure to sunshine . joint pain ( arthralgia ) or muscle pain ( myalgia ). generally feeling unwell and lacking energy . increased sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) low numbers of red blood cells , white blood cells , and platelets ( a condition called pancytopenia ) aggression seeing , feeling or hearing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) severe liver problems leading to liver failure and inflammation of the brain . muscle weakness severe kidney problems enlarged breasts in men not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) low levels of magnesium in the blood . this may cause weakness , being sick ( vomiting ), cramps , tremor and changes in heart rhythm ( arrhythmias ). if you have very low levels of magnesium , you may also have low levels of calcium and / or potassium in your blood . inflammation of the gut ( leading to diarrhoea ). rash , possibly with pain in the joints . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must report any of the following symptoms immediately to the doctor or nurse / technologist , and get immediate treatment as they can be or can become very serious : side effects affecting the heart ( fainting , extra heart beats , chest pain ) or the respiratory system ( shortness of breath , tightening of the airways , swollen or tight throat , itchy or runny nose , sneezing ). most of the side effects observed after the use of optimark were of mild to moderate intensity and transient in nature . the most common side effects were a strange taste in the mouth , feeling hot , headache and dizziness . possible side effects are described in greater detail below . the frequencies below and the following symptoms are based on clinical trials , and on the experience in using optimark after it was on the market : frequency possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , strange taste in the mouth , feeling hot uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic / hypersensitivity reaction , dizziness , tingling sensation , numbness , reduced sense of smell , skin red and warm , nasal congestion , sore throat , nausea , diarrhoea , itching , rash , chest discomfort , chest pain , feeling cold including cold feeling in extremities , administration site reactions , changes in blood calcium levels 36 frequency possible side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) decreased appetite , feeling anxious , sleep disorder , drowsy feeling , burning sensation , a sensation of movement or spinning , ringing in the ears , eyelid redness , eye pain , vision blurred , bloodshot eyes , awareness of the heartbeat , irregular heartbeats , extra heartbeats , low blood pressure , shortness of breath , hoarseness , runny nose , throat constriction , mouth watering , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , hives , cold sweat , redness , higher blood level of a substance ( creatinine ) usually eliminated by the kidneys , blood in urine , face swollen , weakness and similar symptoms like fatigue and general feeling of being unwell , fever , swelling in limbs , chill , pain , cold feeling in extremities , liver enzyme increased , urine analysis abnormal , mineral values in urine increased , protein in urine , heart and muscle enzyme increased , decreased haemoglobin , feeling confused and disoriented , shaking , convulsion , pink eye , fast heart beat , high blood pressure , tightening of the airways , swollen throat or voice box , raw throat , cough , itchy nose , sneezing , sweating very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling around the eyes , abnormal ecg heart tracing , fainting , vomiting not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hardening of the skin which may affect also soft tissue and internal organs ( nephrogenic systemic fibrosis ), feeling unwell there have been reports of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis ( which causes hardening of the skin and may affect also soft tissue and internal organs ). when optimark was used in children aged 2 or older they had similar side effects as in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may experience diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache or headache during the first weeks of treatment with daliresp . talk to your doctor if these side effects do not resolve within the first weeks of treatment . some side effects could be serious . in clinical studies and post - marketing experience , rare instances of suicidal thinking and behaviour ( including suicide ) were reported . please notify your doctor immediately 27 of any suicidal thoughts you may have . you may also experience sleeplessness ( common ), anxiety ( uncommon ), nervousness ( rare ), panic attack ( rare ) or depressive mood ( rare ). in uncommon cases allergic reactions may occur . allergic reactions may affect the skin and in rare cases cause swelling of the eyelids , face , lips and tongue , possibly leading to difficulties in breathing and / or a drop in blood pressure and accelerated heartbeat . in case of an allergic reaction , stop taking daliresp and contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in the nearest hospital . take all your medicines and this leaflet with you and provide full information of your current medications . other side effects include the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache - weight decrease , decreased appetite - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - trembling , sensation of spinning head ( vertigo ), dizziness - sensation of rapid or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ) - gastritis , vomiting - reflux of stomach acid to the gullet ( acid regurgitations ), indigestion - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness or cramps - back pain - feeling of weakness or tiredness , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - male breast enlargement - decreased sense of taste - respiratory tract infections ( excluding pneumonia ) - bloody stools , constipation - elevation of liver or muscle enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) - wheals ( urticaria ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may be serious . stop taking neparvis and seek immediate medical attention if you notice any swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of angioedema ( an uncommon side effect which may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other possible side effects : if any of the side effects listed below becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( dizziness , light - headedness ) high level of potassium in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) decreased renal function ( renal impairment ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): cough dizziness diarrhoea low level of red blood cells ( shown in a blood test ) tiredness ( acute ) renal failure ( severe kidney disorder ) low level of potassium in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) headache fainting weakness feeling sick ( nausea ) low blood pressure ( dizziness , light - headedness ) when switching from sitting or lying to standing position gastritis ( stomach pain , nausea ) spinning sensation low level of sugar in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with rash and itching dizziness when switching from sitting to standing position reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : serious skin rashes including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using silapo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . if you experience headaches , particularly sudden , stabbing migraine - like headaches or feel confused or have fits , tell your doctor immediately . these may be the warning signs of a sudden rise in blood pressure which requires urgent treatment . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the effects in this list . other side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people diarrhoea feeling sick in your stomach vomiting fever respiratory tract congestion , such as stuffy nose and sore throat , has been reported in patients with kidney disease not yet on dialysis . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased blood pressure . raised blood pressure may require treatment with medicines ( or adjustment to any medicines you already take for high blood pressure ). your doctor may monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are using silapo , particularly at the start of therapy . blood clots ( including deep vein thrombosis and embolism ) that may require urgent treatment . you may have chest pain , breathlessness , and painful swelling and redness , usually in the leg as symptoms . cough stroke ( insufficient blood supply to the brain , which may lead to inability to move one or more limbs on one side of the body , inability to understand or formulate speech , or an inability to see one side of the visual field ). skin rashes and swelling around the eyes ( oedema ), which may result from an allergic reaction . blood clot in an artificial kidney . bone or muscle pain flu - like symptoms , such as headache , aches and pains in the joints , feeling of weakness , chills , tiredness and dizziness . these may be more common at the start of treatment . if you have these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to avoid them in the future . redness , burning and pain at the site of injection swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers arm or leg pain uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people cerebral haemorrhages . high levels of blood potassium which can cause abnormal heart rhythm ( this is a very common side effect in patients on dialysis ). fits nose or airway congestion allergic reaction hives rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 000 people symptoms of pure red cell aplasia ( prca ) prca means the bone marrow does not make enough red blood cells . prca causes sudden and severe anaemia . the symptoms are : o unusual tiredness , o feeling dizzy , o breathlessness . prca has been very rarely reported mostly in patients with kidney disease after months to years of treatment with silapo and other products that stimulate red blood cell production . an increase in levels of small blood cells ( called platelets ), which are normally involved in the formation of a blood clot may occur , particularly when starting treatment . your doctor will check on this . severe allergic reaction that may include : o a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat o difficulty swallowing or breathing o itchy rash ( hives ) problem with the blood that may cause pain , dark coloured urine or increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight ( porphyria ) if you are receiving haemodialysis : blood clots ( thrombosis ) may form in your dialysis shunt . this is more likely if you have low blood pressure or if your fistula has complications . blood clots may also form in your haemodialysis system . your doctor may decide to increase your heparin dose during dialysis . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are aware of any of these effects , or if you notice any other effects while you are receiving treatment with silapo . other side effects : kidney patients raised blood pressure which may require treatment with medicinal products or adjustment of the dosage of medicinal products you already take for high blood pressure . your doctor may monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are using silapo , particularly at the start of therapy . occlusion in the connection between artery and vein ( shunt thrombosis ) may occur especially if you have low blood pressure or if your arteriovenous fistula has complications . your doctor may check your shunt and prescribe a medicinal product to prevent thrombosis . cancer patients including adult patients with myelodysplastic syndrome blood clotting ( thrombotic vascular events ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). increase of blood pressure . therefore your haemoglobin - levels and your blood pressure should be controlled . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like other similar medicines ( medicines to reduce blood clotting ), inhixa may cause bleeding which may potentially be life - threatening . in some cases the bleeding may not be obvious . if you experience any bleeding event that does not stop by itself or if you experience signs of excessive bleeding ( exceptional weakness , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache or unexplained swelling ), consult your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using inhixa and talk to a doctor or nurse at once if you get any signs of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty breathing , swelling of the lips , mouth , throat or eyes ). you should tell your doctor straight away if you have any sign of blockage of a blood vessel by a blood clot such as : - cramping pain , redness , warmth , or swelling in one of your legs these are symptoms of deep vein thrombosis - breathlessness , chest pain , fainting or coughing up blood these are symptoms of a pulmonary embolism if you have a painful rash of dark red spots under the skin which do not go away when you put pressure on them . your doctor may request you perform a blood test to check your platelet count . overall list of possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding . increases in liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) you bruise more easily than usual . this could be because of a blood problem with low platelet counts . pink patches on your skin . these are more likely to appear in the area you have been injected with inhixa . skin rash ( hives , urticaria ). itchy red skin . bruising or pain at the injection site . decreased red blood cell count . high platelet counts in the blood . headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sudden severe headache . this could be a sign of bleeding in the brain . a feeling of tenderness and swelling in your stomach . you may have bleeding in your stomach . large red irregularly shaped skin lesions with or without blisters . skin irritation ( local irritation ). you notice yellowing of your skin or eyes and your urine becomes darker in colour . this could be a liver problem . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) severe allergic reaction . the signs may include : a rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue . increased potassium in your blood . this is more likely to happen in people with kidney problems or diabetes . your doctor will be able to check this by carrying out a blood test . an increase in the number of eosinophils in your blood . your doctor will be able to check this by carrying out a blood test . hair loss . osteoporosis ( a condition where your bones are more likely to break ) after long term use . tingling , numbness and muscular weakness ( particularly in the lower part of your body ) when you have had a spinal puncture or a spinal anaesthetic . lost of control over your bladder or bowel ( so you cannot control when you go to the toilet ). hard mass or lump at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea 100 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety sweating headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) liver disorders ( yellow skin , yellowing of the whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite ) aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat 101 patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and muscle weakness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) uneven heartbeat and poor control of movements other side effects seen with prometax transdermal patches and which may occur with the hard capsules : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever severe confusion urinary incontinence ( inability to retain adequate urine ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hyperactivity ( high level of activity , restlessness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction where the patch was used , such as blisters or skin inflammation if you get any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects appearing after the implantation of spherox are mostly related to the surgery . in general , these side effects are quite mild and disappear during the weeks following surgery . if you get any of the following serious side effects , you should immediately contact a doctor : hypersensitivity ( allergy ) ( symptoms : e . g . skin reactions , low blood pressure , constriction of airways , swollen tongue or throat , weak and rapid pulse , sickness , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , fainting , fever ) blood clot in a deep vein ( symptoms : e . g . swelling , pain , increased warmth in the affected area ) other side effects side effects can occur with the following frequencies : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people accumulation of fluid in the joint pain in the joint swelling in the joint common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people cracking sounds in the joint ligament disorder pain tendon inflammation muscle weakness joint lock impairment of walking pain of the front knee or kneecap tissue lump that may occur in the joint swelling due to obstructed flow of tissue fluid via the lymph vessels scar tissue pain accumulation of excess fluid in the bone marrow 25 inflammation of veins combined with the formation of a blood clot located near the surface of the skin ( symptoms : e . g . redness and / or warmth of the skin along the vein , tenderness , pain ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increase in size of the cartilage cells , softening of cartilage , disorder of bone formation , death of bone tissue , bone formation outside the skeleton . you may in that case notice symptoms , for example swelling or pain of the tissues around the joint . uneasiness wound - related complication reopening of a closed wound partial or complete detachment of the tissue beneath the bone and surrounding cartilage internal bleedings reporting side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or physical therapist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention : you should stop taking onglyza and see your doctor immediately if you experience the following symptoms of low blood sugar : trembling , sweating , anxiety , blurred vision , tingling lips , paleness , mood change , vagueness or confusion ( hypoglycaemia ); seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( seen rarely , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) may include : o rash o raised red patches on your skin ( hives ) o swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you have these symptoms , stop taking onglyza and call your doctor or nurse right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . you should stop taking onglyza and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). you should call your doctor if you experience the following side effect : severe joint pain . some patients have had the following side effects while taking onglyza and metformin : common ( may affect 1 to 10 users in 100 ): infection of the upper chest or lungs , infection of the urinary tract , inflamed stomach or gut usually caused by an infection ( gastroenteritis ), infection of the sinuses with a feeling of pain and fullness behind your cheeks and eyes ( sinusitis ), inflamed nose or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) ( signs of this may include a cold or a sore throat ), headache , muscle pain ( myalgia ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach ache and indigestion ( dyspepsia ). uncommon ( may affect 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) and difficulties in getting or maintaining an erection ( erectile dysfunction ). some patients have had the following side effects while taking onglyza and a sulphonylurea : very common : low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common : infection of the upper chest or lungs , infection of the urinary tract , inflamed stomach or gut usually caused by an infection ( gastroenteritis ), infection of the sinuses with a feeling of pain and fullness behind your cheeks and eyes ( sinusitis ), headache , stomach ache and vomiting . uncommon : tiredness , abnormal lipid ( fatty acids ) levels ( dyslipidaemia , hypertriglyceridaemia ). some patients have had the following side effects while taking onglyza and a thiazolidinedione : common : infection of the upper chest or lungs , infection of the urinary tract , inflamed stomach or gut usually caused by an infection ( gastroenteritis ), infection of the sinuses with a feeling of pain and fullness behind your cheeks and eyes ( sinusitis ), headache , vomiting , stomach ache and swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ). some patients have had the following side effects while taking onglyza and metformin and a sulphonylurea : common : dizziness , tiredness , stomach ache and flatulence . some patients have had the following additional side effects while taking onglyza alone : common : dizziness , diarrhoea and stomach ache . some patients have had the following side effects while taking onglyza alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): constipation , blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) some patients have had a small reduction in the number of one type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) shown in a blood test when onglyza was used alone or in combination . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 37 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability . disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal . blurred vision , double vision . vertigo , problems with balance , fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen . difficulties with erection . swelling of the body including extremities . feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking . weight gain . muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , pain in limb . sore throat . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar . change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , dizziness on standing , sensitive skin , loss of taste , burning sensation , tremor on movement , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , fainting , increased sensitivity to noise , feeling unwell . dry eyes , eye swelling , eye pain , weak eyes , watery eyes , eye irritation . heart rhythm disturbances , increased heart rate , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart beat , heart failure . flushing , hot flushes . difficulty breathing , dry nose , nasal congestion . increased saliva production , heartburn , numb around mouth . sweating , rash , chills , fever . muscle twitching , joint swelling , muscle stiffness , pain including muscle pain , neck pain . breast pain . difficulty with or painful urination , incontinence . weakness , thirst , chest tightness . changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropaenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ). hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . increased fluid in the abdomen . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ). jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may be expected ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergy ( hypersensitivity ) tell your doctor immediately if you have the following symptoms during or after this treatment : swelling around the eyes , lips , tongue , throat or hands breathing difficulties , hoarseness , difficulty in speaking skin redness , nettle rash ( urticaria ) or itching . such side effects may be serious and need immediate attention . heart and blood pressure problems symptoms such as headache or dizziness , as they may be due to a rise in blood pressure . this rise in blood pressure especially occurs at the end of having this treatment and usually settles down within several hours irregular heart beat redness of the face ( flush ). a decrease in blood pressure and a faster heart beat have also been observed in patients who have cyanide poisoning . breathing and chest problems fluid in the chest ( pleural effusion ) breathing difficulties a feeling of tightness in the throat dry throat 48 chest pressure . renal and urinary problems kidney injuries such as acute kidney impairment and urine crystals . red colouration of the urine . all patients will show a dark red colouration of the urine quite marked during the first three days following administration . urine colouration may last up to 35 days after administration of cyanokit . this red colouration has no other consequences on your body . gastrointestinal ( digestive ) problems discomfort in your stomach indigestion diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) difficulty in swallowing . eye problems swelling , irritation , redness . skin reactions most patients will experience a reversible red colouration of the skin and membranes lining body cavities ( mucous membranes ) that may last up to 15 days after administration of cyanokit . blister - like lesions on the skin ( pustular rashes ). these may last for several weeks , and affect mainly the face and the neck . inflammation in the part of the body where the medicine was infused . other side effects restlessness problems with memory dizziness headache swelling of ankles changes in the results of blood tests for certain white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) coloured plasma , which may cause artificial elevation or reduction in the levels of certain laboratory parameters . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately or contact the casualty department at your nearest hospital , if you get any of the following serious side effects . stop taking this medicine straight away , but take this leaflet and / or the tablets with you . - serious allergic reactions ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): hypersensitivity reactions , so - called anaphylactic reactions , anaphylactic shock and angioedema . typical symptoms are : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( nettle rash ), severe dizziness with very fast heartbeat and heavy sweating . - serious skin reactions ( frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): rash with swelling , blistering or peeling of the skin , losing skin and bleeding around eyes , nose , mouth or genitals and rapid deterioration of your general health , or rash when exposed to the sun . - other serious reactions ( frequency not known ): yellowing of the skin and eyes ( due to severe liver damage ), or kidney problems such as painful urination and lower back pain with fever . other side effects include : - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): benign polyps in the stomach . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache ; dizziness ; diarrhoea ; feeling sick , vomiting ; bloating and flatulence ( wind ); constipation ; dry mouth ; bellyache and discomfort ; skin rash or hives ; itching ; feeling weak , exhausted or generally unwell ; sleep disorders ; increase in liver enzymes in a blood test ; fracture in the hip , wrist or spine . - rare side effects : distortion or complete lack of the sense of taste ; disturbances in vision such as blurred vision ; pain in the joints ; muscle pains ; weight changes ; raised body temperature ; swelling of the extremities ; depression ; increased bilirubin and fat levels in blood ( seen in blood tests ), breast enlargement in males ; high fever and a sharp drop in circulating granular white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ). - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): disorientation ; reduction in the number of blood platelets , which may cause you to bleed or bruise more than normal ; reduction in the number of white blood cells , which may lead to more frequent infections ; coexisting abnormal reduction in the number of red and white blood cells , as well as platelets ( seen in blood tests ). - frequency not known : hallucination , confusion ( especially in patients with a history of these symptoms ); decreased level of sodium in blood ; decreased level of magnesium in blood , rash , possibly with pain in the joints ; feeling of tingling , prickling , pins and needles , burning sensation or numbness , inflammation in the large bowel , that causes persistent watery diarrhoea . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . seek medical attention right away if any of these severe side effects occur when using this medicine : 25 serious skin reactions ( frequency not known ) with skin lesions or spots on your skin that start out as small red areas and progress to look like mini targets , possibly with symptoms such as itching , fever , overall ill feeling , achy joints , vision problems , burning , painful or itchy eyes and mouth sores . if you experience these , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . in some individuals a lowering of blood counts was noted ( frequency not known ). this might make you more susceptible to infections , make you bruise more easily or cause tiredness . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor . if there is pus or another sign of skin infection ( frequency not known ), discuss this with your doctor . many of the side effects of this medicine are due to its local action on your skin . local skin reactions can be a sign that the medicine is working as intended . if your skin reacts badly or becomes too uncomfortable when using this medicine , stop applying the cream and wash the area with mild soap and water . then contact your doctor or pharmacist . he may advise you to stop applying this medicine for a few days ( i . e . to have a short rest from treatment ). the following side effects with imiquimod were reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin redness , scabbing , skin scaling , discharge , skin dryness , skin swelling , skin ulcer , and reduced skin pigmentation at the application site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - further reactions at the application site e . g . skin inflammation , itching , pain , burning , irritation , and rash - swollen glands - headache - dizziness - loss of appetite - nausea - diarrhoea - vomiting - flu - like symptoms - fever - pain - muscle and joint pain - chest pain - insomnia - tiredness - viral infection ( herpes simplex ) - increase in blood glucose uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - changes at the application site , e . g . bleeding , small swollen areas in the skin , inflammation , pins and needles , increased sensitivity to touch , scarring , feeling of warmth , skin breakdown , blisters or pustules - weakness - shivering - lack of energy ( lethargy ) - discomfort - swelling of the face - back pain - pain in limbs - stuffy nose 26 - throat pain - eye irritation - swelling of the eyelid - depression - irritability - dry mouth - abdominal pain rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - flaring up of autoimmune conditions ( a disease that results from an abnormal immune response is an autoimmune disease ) - skin reactions remote from the application site frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - changes in skin colour some patients have experienced changes in skin colour in the area where zyclara was applied . while these changes have tended to improve with time , in some patients they may be permanent . - hair loss a small number of patients have experienced hair loss at the treatment site or surrounding area . - increase in liver enzymes there have been reports of increased liver enzymes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects were mainly seen while patients were being given the medicine or shortly after (" infusion reactions "). the most serious side effects were severe allergic reactions ( seen uncommonly may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) and mild to moderate vomiting ( seen very commonly may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). symptoms of allergic reaction include rash , itching or hives on the skin ( seen commonly may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). if you experience any difficulty swallowing , talking , severe shortness of breath or wheezing , swelling of the face or lips , dizziness or weak pulse ; these may represent symptoms of a severe allergic reaction and you should tell your doctor immediately . based on the severity of the side effect , your doctor may slow or temporarily interrupt the infusion and / or give you additional medicines to reduce the effects of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . antihistamines and / or corticosteroids ) or to reduce fever ( antipyretics ). very common side effects include symptoms of infusion reactions such as headache , nausea , fever , chills and stomach ache . other very common adverse reactions were diarrhoea , mouth and throat pain , dizziness and trouble breathing . common side effects observed was muscle pain . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), blistering and peeling of the top layer of skin ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ; these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) or of unknown frequency ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however can not be ruled out for kinzalkomb . possible side effects of kinzalkomb : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased blood potassium levels , anxiety , fainting ( syncope ), sensation of tingling , pins and needles ( paraesthesia ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), heart rhythm disorders , low blood pressure , a sudden fall in blood pressure when you stand up , shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ), diarrhoea , dry mouth , flatulence , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle pain , erectile dysfunction ( inability to get or keep an erection ), chest pain , increased blood uric acid levels . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ), activation or worsening of systemic lupus erythematosus ( a disease where the body ' s immune system attacks the body , which causes joint pain , skin rashes and fever ); sore throat , inflamed sinuses , feeling sad ( depression ), difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), impaired vision , difficulty breathing , abdominal pain , constipation , bloating ( dyspepsia ), feeling sick ( vomiting ), inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abnormal liver function ( japanese patients are more likely to experience this side effect ), redness of the skin ( erythema ), allergic reactions such as itching or rash , increased sweating , hives ( urticaria ), joint pain ( arthralgia ) and pain in extremities , muscle cramps , flu - like - illness , pain , low levels of sodium , increased levels of creatinine , hepatic enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . adverse reactions reported with one of the individual components may be potential adverse reactions with kinzalkomb , even if not observed in clinical trials with this product . telmisartan in patients taking telmisartan alone the following additional side effects have been reported : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), urinary tract infections , deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , weakness , cough . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), serious allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction , drug rash ), low blood sugar levels ( in diabetic patients ), upset stomach , eczema ( a skin disorder ), arthrosis , inflammation of the tendons , decreased haemoglobin ( a blood protein ), somnolence . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease ) ** * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of telmisartan . however , it is not known whether telmisartan was the cause . hydrochlorothiazide in patients taking hydrochlorothiazide alone the following additional side effects have been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), low blood magnesium level . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( small purple - red marks in skin or other tissue caused by bleeding ), high blood calcium level , headache . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): increased ph ( disturbed acid - base balance ) due to low blood chloride level . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the salivary gland , skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ), decreases in the number ( or even lack ) of cells in the blood , including low red and white blood cell count , serious allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction ), decreased or loss of appetite , restlessness , light - headedness , blurred or yellowing of vision , decrease in vision and eye pain ( possible signs of acute myopia or acute - angle closure glaucoma ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis necrotising ), inflamed pancreas , upset stomach , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), lupus - like syndrome ( a condition mimicking a disease called systemic lupus erythematosus where the body ' s immune system attacks the body ); skin disorders such as inflamed blood vessels in the skin , increased sensitivity to sunlight , rash , redness of the skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( possible signs of erythema multiforme ), weakness , kidney inflammation or impaired kidney function , glucose in the urine ( glycosuria ), fever , impaired electrolyte balance , high blood cholesterol levels , decreased blood volume , increased blood levels of glucose , difficulties in controlling blood / urine levels of glucose in patients with a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus , or fat in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . betaferon may cause serious side effects . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . tell your doctor immediately and stop using betaferon : − if you experience symptoms such as itching all over your body , swelling of your face and / or your tongue or sudden shortness of breath . − if you feel noticeably more sad or hopeless than before the treatment with betaferon , or if you develop thoughts of suicide . − if you notice any unusual bruising , excessive bleeding after injury or if you seem to be catching a lot of infections . − if you have loss of appetite , fatigue , feeling sick , repeated vomiting , especially if you notice widespread itching , yellowing of the skin or of the whites of the eyes , or easy bruising . − if you experience symptoms like irregular heartbeat , swelling such as of the ankles or legs , or shortness of breath . − if you notice pain in your belly which is radiating to your back , and / or you feel sick or have a fever . tell your doctor immediately : − if you get some or all of these symptoms : foamy urine , fatigue , swelling , particularly in the ankles and eyelids , and weight gain , as they may be signs of a possible kidney problem . at the beginning of treatment side effects are common but in general they become less with further treatment . the most frequently observed side effects are : flu - like symptoms such as fever , chills , painful joints , malaise , sweating , headache , or muscular pain . these symptoms may be reduced by taking paracetamol or non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines such as ibuprofen . injection site reactions . symptoms can be redness , swelling , discolouration , inflammation , pain , hypersensitivity , tissue damage ( necrosis ). see ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 for more information and what to do , if you experience an injection site reaction . these may be reduced by the use of an auto - injector device . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for further information . to reduce side effects at the start of treatment , your doctor should start you on a low dose of betaferon and increase it gradually ( see section 3 . ' how to use betaferon '). the following side effects listing is based on reports from clinical trials with betaferon ( list 1 ) and from side effects reported on the marketed product ( list 2 ). list 1 : very common side effects which have occurred in clinical trials with betaferon ( at least 10 % of the cases ) and at a higher percentage than those observed with placebo . the table also includes side effects which occurred in less than 10 % but were significantly associated with the treatment . - infection , abscess 52 - reduced number of white blood cells , swollen lymph glands ( lymphadenopathy ) - decrease of sugar in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) - depression , anxiety - headache , dizziness , sleeplessness , migraine , numbness or tingling feeling ( paraesthesia ) - eye inflammation ( conjunctivitis ), abnormal vision - ear pain - irregular , rapid beating or pulsation of the heart ( palpitation ) - redness and / or facial flushing due to widening of blood vessels ( vasodilation ), increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - runny nose , cough , hoarseness due to infection of the upper respiratory tract , sinusitis , cough increased , shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ) - diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain - rises in the blood levels of liver enzymes ( will show up in blood tests ) - skin disorder , rash - muscle stiffness ( hypertonia ), painful muscles ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myasthenia ), back pain , pain in extremities such as fingers and toes - difficulty urinating ( urine retention ), protein in the urine ( will show up in urine tests ), urinary frequency , inability to hold back urination ( urinary incontinence ), urinary urgency - painful periods ( dysmenorrhoea ), menstrual disorder , heavy uterine bleeding ( metrorrhagia ) especially between menstrual periods , impotence - injection site reaction ( including redness , swelling , discolouration , inflammation , pain , allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ), skin breakdown and tissue damage ( necrosis ) at injection site ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ') - flu - like symptoms , fever , pain , chest pain , accumulation of fluid in arm , leg or face ( peripheral oedema ), lack / loss of strength ( asthenia ), chills , sweating , malaise in addition , the following side effects have been identified during post - marketing experience list 2 : side effects reported on the marketed product ( from spontaneous reporting , frequencies where known - based on clinical trials ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 users ): - painful joints ( arthralgia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): - the number of red cells in the blood may fall ( anaemia ) - the thyroid gland does not work properly ( too little hormone is produced ) ( hypothyroidism ) - weight increase or decrease - confusion - abnormally rapid heartbeat ( tachycardia ) - a reddish yellow pigment ( bilirubin ), which is produced by your liver , may rise ( this will show up in blood tests ) - swollen and usually itchy patches of skin or mucous membranes ( urticaria ) - itching ( pruritus ) - loss of scalp hair ( alopecia ) - menstrual disorders ( menorrhagia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 users ): - the number of platelets ( which help the blood to clot ) may fall ( thrombocytopenia ) - a certain type of blood fats ( triglycerides ) may increase ( will show up in blood tests ), see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' - suicide attempt - mood swings - convulsion 53 - a specific liver enzyme ( gamma gt ) which is produced by your liver , may rise ( this will show up in blood tests ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - skin discolouration rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 users ): - serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions - the thyroid gland does not work properly ( thyroid disorders ), too much hormone is produced ( hyperthyroidism ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' - blood clots in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uremic syndrome ). symptoms may include increased bruising , bleeding , fever , extreme weakness , headache , dizziness or light - headedness . your doctor may find changes in your blood and the function of your kidneys . side effects derived only during post - marketing : - breakdown of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ), frequency unknown - kidney problems including scarring ( glomerulosclerosis ) that may reduce your kidney function , uncommon - severe loss of appetite leading to weight loss ( anorexia ), rare - disease of the heart muscle ( cardiomyopathy ), rare - sudden shortness of breath ( bronchospasm ), rare - the liver does not work properly ( hepatic injury including hepatitis , hepatic failure ), rare - problems with your small blood vessels may develop when using medicines like betaferon ( systemic capillary leak syndrome ), frequency unknown - rash , redness of the skin in the face , joint pain , fever , weakness and others caused by the medicine ( drug - induced lupus erythematosus ), frequency unknown - severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ), frequency unknown . pulmonary arterial hypertension has been seen at various time points during treatment , including several years after starting treatment with betaferon . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking efficib and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). efficib may cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking efficib and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including rash , hives , blisters on the skin / peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced diarrhoea , nausea , flatulence , constipation , stomach ache or vomiting when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea such as glimepiride : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with insulin : very common : low blood sugar uncommon : dry mouth , headache some patients have experienced the following side effects during clinical studies while taking sitagliptin alone ( one of the medicines in efficib ) or during post - approval use of efficib or sitagliptin alone or with other diabetes medicines : common : low blood sugar , headache , upper respiratory infection , stuffy or runny nose and sore throat , osteoarthritis , arm or leg pain uncommon : dizziness , constipation , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking metformin alone : very common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and loss of appetite . these symptoms may happen when you start taking metformin and usually go away common : a metallic taste very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , hepatitis ( a problem with your liver ), hives , redness of the skin ( rash ) or itching 62 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any side effects occur , most are likely to be minor and temporary . however , some may be serious and need medical attention . serious side effects stop taking vfend and see a doctor immediately - rash - jaundice ; changes in blood tests of liver function - pancreatitis other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - visual impairment ( change in vision including blurred vision , visual color alterations , abnormal intolerance to visual perception of light , colour blindness , eye disorder , halo vision , night blindness , swinging vision , seeing sparks , visual aura , visual acuity reduced , visual brightness , loss of part of the usual field of vision , spots before the eyes ) - fever - rash - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - headache - swelling of the extremities - stomach pains - breathing difficulties - elevated liver enzymes common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - inflammation of the sinuses , inflammation of the gums , chills , weakness - low numbers of some types , including severe , of red ( sometimes immune - related ) and / or white blood cells ( sometimes with fever ), low numbers of cells called platelets that help the blood to clot - low blood sugar , low blood potassium , low sodium in the blood - anxiety , depression , confusion , agitation , inability to sleep , hallucinations - seizures , tremors or uncontrolled muscle movements , tingling or abnormal skin sensations , increase in muscle tone , sleepiness , dizziness - bleeding in the eye - heart rhythm problems including very fast heartbeat , very slow heartbeat , fainting - low blood pressure , inflammation of a vein ( which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot ) - acute breathing difficulty , chest pain , swelling of the face ( mouth , lips and around eyes ), fluid accumulation in the lungs - constipation , indigestion , inflammation of the lips - jaundice , inflammation of the liver and liver injury - skin rashes which may lead to severe blistering and peeling of the skin characterized by a flat , red area on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , redness of the skin 121 - itchiness - hair loss - back pain - kidney failure , blood in the urine , changes in kidney function tests uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - flu - like symptoms , irritation and inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract , inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract causing antibiotic associated diarrhoea , inflammation of the lymphatic vessels - inflammation of the thin tissue that lines the inner wall of the abdomen and covers the abdominal organ - enlarged lymph glands ( sometimes painful ), failure of blood marrow , increased eosinophil - depressed function of the adrenal gland , underactive thyroid gland - abnormal brain function , parkinson - like symptoms , nerve injury resulting in numbness , pain , tingling or burning in the hands or feet - problems with balance or coordination - swelling of the brain - double vision , serious conditions of the eye including : pain and inflammation of the eyes and eyelids , abnormal eye movement , damage to the optic nerve resulting in vision impairment , optic disc swelling - decreased sensitivity to touch - abnormal sense of taste - hearing difficulties , ringing in the ears , vertigo - inflammation of certain internal organs - pancreas and duodenum , swelling and inflammation of the tongue - enlarged liver , liver failure , gallbladder disease , gallstones - joint inflammation , inflammation of the veins under the skin ( which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot ) - inflammation of the kidney , proteins in the urine , damage to the kidney - very fast heart rate or skipped heartbeats , sometimes with erratic electrical impulses - abnormal electrocardiogram ( ecg ) - blood cholesterol increased , blood urea increased - allergic skin reactions ( sometimes severe ), including life - threatening skin condition that causes painful blisters and sores of the skin and mucous membranes , especially in the mouth , inflammation of the skin , hives , sunburn or severe skin reaction following exposure to light or sun , skin redness and irritation , red or purple discoloration of the skin which may be caused by low platelet count , eczema - infusion site reaction - allergic reaction or exaggerated immune response rare : may affect up to 1 in 1000 people - overactive thyroid gland - deterioration of brain function that is a serious complication of liver disease - loss of most fibers in the optic nerve , clouding of the cornea , involuntary movement of the eye - bullous photosensitivity - a disorder in which the body ' s immune system attacks part of the peripheral nervous system - heart rhythm or conduction problems ( sometimes life threatening ) - life threatening allergic reaction - disorder of blood clotting system - allergic skin reactions ( sometimes severe ), including rapid swelling ( oedema ) of the dermis , subcutaneous tissue , mucosa and submucosal tissues , itchy or sore patches of thick , red skin with silvery scales of skin , irritation of the skin and mucous membranes , life - threatening skin condition that causes large portions of the epidermis , the skin ' s outermost layer , to detach from the layers of skin below - small dry scaly skin patches , sometimes thick with spikes or ' horns ' 122 side effects with frequency not known : - freckles and pigmented spots other significant side effects whose frequency is not known , but should be reported to your doctor immediately : - skin cancer - inflammation of the tissue surrounding the bone - red , scaly patches or ring - shaped skin lesions that may be a symptom of an autoimmune disease called cutaneous lupus erythematosus as vfend has been known to affect the liver and the kidney , your doctor should monitor the function of your liver and kidney by doing blood tests . please advise your doctor if you have any stomach pains or if your stools have a different consistency . there have been reports of skin cancer in patients treated with vfend for long periods of time . sunburn or severe skin reaction following exposure to light or sun was experienced more frequently in children . if you or your child develops skin disorders , your doctor may refer you to a dermatologist , who after consultation may decide that it is important for you or your child to be seen on a regular basis . elevated liver enzymes were also observed more frequently in children . if any of these side effects persist or are troublesome , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : weight gain sleepiness increases in the levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes . increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine . increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood feeling more hungry . dizziness . restlessness . tremor . unusual movements ( dyskinesias ). constipation . dry mouth . rash . loss of strength . extreme tiredness . water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet . fever joint pain sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ) diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma seizures , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ) muscle stiffness or spasms ( including eye movements ) restless legs syndrome problems with speech stuttering , slow heart rate . sensitivity to sunlight . bleeding from the nose . abdominal distension drooling memory loss or forgetfulness urinary incontinence , lack of ability to urinate . hair loss . absence or decrease in menstrual periods . changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : lowering of normal body temperature . abnormal rhythms of the heart . sudden unexplained death . inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness . liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes . muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains . prolonged and / or painful erection . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 ) include : serious allergic reactions such as drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). while taking olanzapine , elderly patients with dementia may suffer from stroke , pneumonia , urinary incontinence , falls , extreme tiredness , visual hallucinations , a rise in body temperature , redness of the skin and have trouble walking . some fatal cases have been reported in this particular group of patients . in patients with parkinson ' s disease olanzapine glenmark europe may worsen the symptoms reporting side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take the action to increase you blood sugar straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar level falls too low , you may pass out ( become unconscious ). serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , see the box at the end of this leaflet . severe allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include large - scale skin reactions ( rash and itching all over the body ), severe swelling of skin or mucous membranes ( angiooedema ), shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure with rapid heart beat and sweating . severe allergic reactions to insulins may become life - threatening . tell a doctor straight away if you notice signs of severe allergic reactions . skin changes at the injection site : if you inject insulin too often at the same place , the skin may either shrink ( lipoatrophy ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). lumps under the skin may also be caused by build - up of a protein called amyloid ( cutaneous amyloidosis ; how often this occurs is not known ). the insulin may not work very well if you inject into a lumpy area . change the injection site with each injection to help prevent these skin changes . common reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin and allergic reactions at the injection site the signs may include reddening , unusually intense pain when injecting , itching , hives , swelling or inflammation . this can spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually disappear in a few days to a few weeks . rare reported side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye reactions a marked change ( improvement or worsening ) in your blood sugar control can disturb your vision temporarily . if you have proliferative retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes ) severe hypoglycaemic attacks may cause temporary loss of vision . general disorders in rare cases , insulin treatment may also cause temporary build - up of water in the body , with swelling in the calves and ankles . very rare reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) in very rare cases , dysgeusia ( taste disorders ) and myalgia ( muscular pain ) can occur . use in children and adolescents in general , the side effects in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . complaints of injection site reactions ( injection site pain , injection site reaction ) and skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ) are reported relatively more frequently in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less than in adults . there is no experience in children under 2 years . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straightaway ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia can be very serious and is very common with medicines containing insulin ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar falls too low , you may pass out ( become unconscious ). if blood sugar remains very low for too long it may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , see the box at the end of this leaflet . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : skin changes at the injection site : if you inject insulin too often at the same place , the skin may either shrink ( lipoatrophy ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy ). also lumps under the skin caused by build - up of a protein called amyloid may occur ( cutaneous amyloidosis ). it is not known , how often these events occur . the insulin may not work very well . change the injection site with each injection to help prevent these skin changes . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting diarrhoea skin and allergic reactions at the injection site : the signs may include reddening , unusually intense pain when injecting , itching , hives , swelling or inflammation . this can spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually disappear in a few days to a few weeks . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people cold , runny nose , sore throat hives ( urticaria ) headache indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach ache tiredness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the effects are mild or moderate . partial , sudden , temporary or permanent decrease or loss of vision in one or both eyes has been experienced by patients . stop taking levitra and contact your doctor immediately . sudden decrease or loss of hearing has been reported . cases of sudden death , fast or altered heart beat , heart attack , chest pain , and trouble in cerebral circulation ( including temporarily decreased blood flow to parts of the brain and bleeding in the brain ) have been reported in men taking vardenafil . most of the men who experienced these side effects had heart problems before taking this medicine . it is not possible to determine whether these events were directly related to vardenafil . the chance of having a side effect is described by the following categories : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 users - headache common : may affect up to 1 in 10 users - dizziness - flushing - blocked or runny nose - indigestion 52 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 users - swelling of skin and mucous tissue including swollen face , lips or throat - sleep disorder - numbness and impaired perception of touch - sleepiness - effects on vision , redness of the eye , effects on colour vision , eye pain and discomfort , light sensitivity - ringing in the ears , vertigo - fast heart beat or pounding heart - breathlessness - stuffy nose - acid reflux , gastritis , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth - raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , reddened skin - back or muscle pain , increase in blood of a muscle enzyme ( creatine phosphokinase ), muscle stiffness - prolonged erections - malaise rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 users - inflammation of the eyes ( conjunctivitis ) - allergic reaction - anxiety - fainting - amnesia - seizure - increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ), lacrimation increased - effects on the heart ( such as heart attack , altered heart beat or angina ) - high or low blood pressure - nose bleed - effect on results of blood tests to check liver function - sensitivity of the skin to sun light - painful erections - chest pain - temporarily decreased blood flow to parts of the brain very rare or not known : may affect less than 1 in 10 , 000 users or frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - blood in the urine ( haematuria ) - penile bleeding ( penile haemorrhage ) - presence of blood in the semen ( haematospermia ) - sudden death - bleeding in the brain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions to nexobrid can occur and can cause , for example , breathing difficulties , swelling of the skin , hives , redness of the skin , low blood pressure , fast heart rate and sickness / vomiting / stomach cramp , or a combination of such effects . if you notice any of these symptoms or signs , inform your doctor or caregiver immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain ( even if medicines are used to prevent or lessen pain caused by the removal of burnt tissue ) - infection of the burn wound - complications of the wound including ; wound opening , wounds drying out and breaking down and failure of skin grafts to heal properly reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following serious side effect has been reported in patients during treatment with savene ( frequency not known ): allergic reactions , symptoms of which could be itching ( pruritis ), rash , facial / throat swelling , wheezing , breathlessness or difficult breathing , changes in levels of consciousness , hypotension , sudden fainting if you get any of the above symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other possible side effects are listed below : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea reactions at the site of injection ( pain at the site , red , swollen or painful skin at the site or hardening of the skin at the site ) reduction in the number of white blood cells and platelets infection ( after an operation or other infections ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people vomiting diarrhoea feeling tired , feeling sleepy , feeling dizzy , sudden fainting reduction in any of your senses ( sight , smell , hearing , touch , taste ) fever inflammation of the blood vessel where the treatment is given ( phlebitis ) inflammation of a blood vessel just under the skin , often with a small blood clot blood clot in the vein , usually in an arm or leg inflammation in the mouth dry mouth hair loss itching ( pruritus ) weight loss , loss of appetite muscle pain , tremor ( uncontrolled muscle movement ) vaginal bleeding difficulties in breathing 26 pneumonia ( lung infection ) swelling in arms or legs ( oedema ) wound complications changes in liver function ( these may be seen in test results ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may be serious . liver problems can rarely happen ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). stop taking ketoconazole hra and tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following : - long - lasting severe headache or blurred vision - severe lack of appetite ( anorexia ) - weight loss - nausea or vomiting - unusual tiredness or fever - stomach pain - muscle weakness - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes - unusually dark urine or pale stools adrenal insufficiency is common and can be a serious side effect . ketoconazole hra may temporarily lower the amount of hormones produced by your adrenal gland ( cortisol ) to below the normal range , but your doctor will correct this using appropriate hormone medicines or by adjusting the dose of ketoconazole hra . you should contact your doctor immediately if you have symptoms such as weakness , fatigue , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): an elevated levels of liver enzymes in your blood 35 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea abdominal pain vomiting diarrhoea skin reactions ( pruritus , rash ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions which can , rarely , be serious change in laboratory markers platelet count decreased headache dizziness sleepiness skin reactions ( urticaria ) hair loss fatigue very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): pyrexia ( fever ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): insomnia nervousness intolerance to alcohol loss of appetite or increased appetite headache sensation of tingling or pricking aversion to light bleeding from the nose dyspepsia ( impaired digestion ) flatulence tongue discoloration dry mouth distortion of the sense of taste skin redness , drying , itching photosensitivity ( increase in the reaction to sunlight : redness , itching rash ) myalgia ( muscle pain ) arthralgia ( joint pain ) menstrual disorders azoospermia ( no sperm count ) erectile dysfunction gynaecomastia ( enlargement in breast tissues in male ) oedema peripheral ( dropsy in extremities ) malaise hot flush transient decrease of testosterone , a male hormone ( androgen ) made by the body , mostly produced in the testes reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following after having taken rozlytrek . your doctor may lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : you have cough , shortness of breath , and swelling in your legs or arms ( fluid retention ). these can be signs of heart problems you feel confused , have changes in mood , memory problems or hallucinations ( see things that are not there ) you feel dizzy or light - headed , or feel your heart beating irregularly or fast , as this may be a sign of an abnormal heart rhythm you notice any joint pain , bone pain , deformities or changes in your ability to move you have kidney problems or arthritis , as this may be the result of high uric acid levels in your blood . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people : feeling tired constipation changes in taste feeling unsteady or dizzy swelling diarrhoea feeling sick abnormal sense of touch which feels like itching , tingling or burning sensation lack of enough red blood cells ( anaemia ) shortness of breath weight gain increased blood level of creatinine ( a substance normally eliminated by the kidneys into the urine ) pain including back pain , neck pain , musculoskeletal pain , pain in limbs vomiting cough fever muscle pain joint pain headache 45 low blood pressure increased blood levels of certain liver enzymes ( ast / alt ) abnormal unpleasant sensation in your arms or legs loss of muscle coordination , being unsteady when walking disturbance in normal sleep patterns lung infection urinary tract infection muscle weakness decreased appetite blurred vision rash decreased number of a type of white blood cell called neutrophils stomach pain inability to empty your bladder completely difficulty swallowing . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : mood disorders dehydration fluid in your lungs fainting uncommon : may affect less than 1 in 100 people : changes in certain chemicals in your blood caused by rapid breakdown of tumour cells , which may cause damage to organs , including the kidneys , heart , and liver . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) immediate breathing difficulties : if you get breathing difficulties straight after using trixeo aerosphere , such as tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or feeling breathless , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions : swelling of your face , particularly around your mouth ( swelling of your tongue or throat may make it difficult to swallow ) rash or hives together with difficulty breathing suddenly feeling faint these symptoms may be signs of an allergic reaction which may become serious . stop using this medicine and call for medical help straight away if you notice the serious side effects above . other side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) thrush in the mouth ( a fungal infection ). rinsing your mouth out with water immediately after using trixeo aerosphere may help prevent this . feeling anxious difficulty sleeping feeling sick ( nausea ) headache coughing or a hoarse voice muscle cramps awareness of your heart beating ( palpitations ) high blood sugar levels ( as shown in tests ) painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) pneumonia ( infection of the lung ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following while using trixeo aerosphere , they could be symptoms of a lung infection : fever or chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shaking , tremor or feeling dizzy dry mouth , or mild irritation in the throat bruising of the skin feeling restless , nervous or agitated depression fast heart beat or uneven heart beat chest pain or tightening in the chest ( angina pectoris ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) changes in behaviour an effect on the adrenal gland 35 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): blurred vision clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of cataract ) increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) swelling of your face , particularly around your mouth ( swelling of your tongue or throat may make it difficult to swallow ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety sweating 151 headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) liver disorders ( yellow skin , yellowing of the whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite ) aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat 152 difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and muscle weakness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) uneven heartbeat and poor control of movements other side effects seen with rivastigmine transdermal patches and which may occur with the hard capsules : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever severe confusion urinary incontinence ( inability to retain adequate urine ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hyperactivity ( high level of activity , restlessness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction where the patch was used , such as blisters or skin inflammation if you get any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below : a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) is hypertension ( high blood pressure ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 pleople ) are : headache vascular access thrombosis ( blood clots in your dialysis access ). thrombocytopenia thrombosis 61 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) are : hypertensive encephalopathy ( very high blood pressure that can result in headache , especially sudden , stabbing , migraine - like headache , confusion , speech disturbances , fits or convulsions ). pulmonary embolism . maculo - papular rash ( red skin reaction that can include pimples or spots ) hot flush hypersensitivity ( allergic reaction that can cause unusual wheezing or difficulty in breathing ; swollen tongue , face or throat , or swelling around the injection site , or make you feel light - headed , faint or cause you to collapse ). if you have these symptoms please contact your doctor immediately to receive treatment . during clinical studies patients had a slight decrease in their platelet blood counts . there have been reports of platelet counts below the normal range ( thrombocytopenia ) in the post - marketing setting . hypersensitivity reactions , including cases of anaphylactic reaction and serious skin rashes including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatement . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using mircera if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately , see also section 2 . as with other esas , cases of thrombosis , including pulmonary embolism , have been reported in the post - marketing setting . a condition called pure red cell aplasia ( prca , stopped or reduced production of red blood cells ) due to anti - erythropoietin antibodies was observed in some patients treated with esas , including mircera . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v *. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you develop a serious allergic reaction , stop using praluent , talk to your doctor right away . sometimes serious allergic reactions such as hypersensitivity ( difficulties breathing ), nummular eczema ( reddish skin spots sometimes with blisters ), and hypersensitivity vasculitis ( which is a specific form of a hypersensitivity reaction with symptoms such as diarrhoea , with a rash , or purple - coloured skin spots on the skin ) have occurred ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). other side effects are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) redness , itching , swelling , pain / tenderness where the medicine was injected ( local injection site reactions ) upper respiratory tract signs or symptoms such as sore throat , running nose , sneezing itching ( pruritus ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) red and itchy raised bumps or hives ( urticaria ) not known the following side effects have been reported since the marketing of praluent , but how often they occur is not known : flu - like illness difficulties breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue ( angioedema ) 55 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you have a sign of infection such as a fever or sore throat . you have any unexpected bruising or bleeding . you have a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , angioeodema ). you have black or bloody stool or if you vomit blood or dark particles that look like coffee grounds . these may be signs of bleeding in the stomach or intestines . the frequency of certain side effects is dependent on the transplanted organ , i . e . some side effects can occur more or less often depending on whether this medicinal product is being taken to prevent your body from rejecting a transplanted heart or a transplanted kidney . for the sake of clarity each side effect is always listed under its highest frequency . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial , viral and / or fungal infections serious infection which may affect the whole body decrease in the number of white blood cells , platelets or red blood cells , which can result in increased risk of infections , bruising , bleeding , breathlessness and weakness bleeding underneath the skin increase in the number of white blood cells too much acid in the body high level of cholesterol and / or lipids in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of potassium in the blood , low level of potassium , magnesium , calcium and / or phosphate in the blood high level of uric acid in the blood , gout feeling restless , abnormalities of thought , perception and levels of awareness , depression , feeling anxious , difficulty in sleeping increased tension of the muscles , shaking , sleepiness , feeling dizzy , headache , tingling , pricking or numbness faster heart beat 66 low / high blood pressure , widening of blood vessels accumulation of fluid in the lung , shortness of breath , cough bloated belly vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick constipation , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ) decreased appetite changes in different laboratory parameters inflammation of the liver , yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes growth of the skin , rash , acne muscle weakness joint pain kidney problems blood in the urine fever , feeling of coldness , pain , feeling weak and feeble fluid retention in the body part of an internal organ or tissue bulging through a weak spot in the abdominal muscles muscle pain , neck and back pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin cancer , non - cancerous growth of the skin abnormal and excessive growth of tissue decrease in the number of all blood cells benign enlargement of the lymph nodes , inflammatory changes of the skin ( pseudolymphoma ) decreased weight abnormal thinking fit distortion of the sense of taste blood clot that forms within a vein inflammation of the tissue that lines the inner wall of the abdomen and covers most of the abdominal organs bowel blockage inflammation of the colon which causes abdominal pain or diarrhoea ( sometimes caused by cytomegalovirus ), ulcer of the mouth and / or stomach and / or duodenum , inflammation of the stomach , oesophagus and / or mouth and lips belching hair loss feeling unwell overgrowth of the gum tissue inflammation of the pancreas , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) protozoal infections proliferation of the lymphatic tissue , including malignant tumours insufficient production of red blood cells serious diseases of the bone marrow accumulation of lymphatic fluid within the body shortness of breath , cough , which can be due to bronchiectasis ( a condition in which the lung airways are abnormally dilated ) or pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ). talk to your doctor if you develop a persistent cough or breathlessness . decrease in the amount of antibodies in the blood severe reduction in the number of certain white blood cells ( possible symptoms are fever , sore throat , frequent infections ) ( agranulocytosis ) 67 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) alterations of the inner wall of the small intestine ( intestinal villous atrophy ) serious inflammation of the membrane that covers the brain and spinal cord serious inflammation of the heart and its valves bacterial infections usually resulting in a serious lung disorder ( tuberculosis , atypical mycobacterial infection ) serious disease of the kidney ( bk virus associated nephropathy ) serious disease of the central nervous system ( jc virus associated progressive multifocal leucoencephalopathy ) decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( neutropenia ) change of the shape of certain white blood cells do not stop taking your medicine unless you have discussed this with your doctor first . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if any of the following happen , tell your doctor straight away : allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , light - headedness ). other possible side effects of imprida : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): influenza ( flu ); blocked nose , sore throat and discomfort when swallowing ; headache ; swelling of arms , hands , legs , ankles or feet ; tiredness ; asthenia ( weakness ); redness and warm feeling of the face and / or neck . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness ; nausea and abdominal pain ; dry mouth ; drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; vertigo ; fast heart beat including palpitations ; dizziness on standing up ; cough ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; skin rash , redness of the skin ; joint swelling , back pain ; pain in joints . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): feeling anxious ; ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ); fainting ; passing more urine than normal or feeling more of an urge to pass urine ; inability to get or maintain an erection ; sensation of heaviness ; low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , light - headedness ; excessive sweating ; skin rash all over your body ; itching ; muscle spasm . if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported with amlodipine or valsartan alone and either not observed with imprida or observed with a higher frequency than with imprida : amlodipine consult a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following very rare , severe side effects after taking this medicine : - sudden wheeziness , chest pain , shortness of breath or difficulty in breathing . - swelling of eyelids , face or lips . - swelling of the tongue and throat which causes great difficulty breathing . - severe skin reactions including intense skin rash , hives , reddening of the skin over your whole body , severe itching , blistering , peeling and swelling of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) or other allergic reactions . - heart attack , abnormal heart beat . - inflamed pancreas , which may cause severe abdominal and back pain accompanied with feeling of being very unwell . the following side effects have been reported . if any of these cause you problems or if they last for more than one week , you should contact your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness ; palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ); flushing , ankle swelling ( oedema ); abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): mood changes , anxiety , depression , sleeplessness , trembling , taste abnormalities , fainting , loss of pain sensation ; visual disturbances , visual impairment , ringing in the ears ; low blood pressure ; sneezing / runny nose caused by inflammation of the lining of the nose ( rhinitis ); indigestion , vomiting ( being sick ); hair loss , increased sweating , itchy skin , skin discolouration ; disorder in passing urine , increased need to urinate at night , increased number of times of passing urine ; inability to obtain an erection , discomfort or enlargement of the breasts in men , pain , feeling unwell , muscle pain , muscle cramps ; weight increase or decrease . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): confusion . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets which may result in unusual brusing or easy bleeding ( red blood cell damage ); excess sugar in blood ( hyperglycaemia ); swelling of the gums , abdominal bloating ( gastritis ); abnormal liver function , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), liver enzyme increase which may have an effect on some medical tests ; increased muscle tension ; inflammation of blood vessels often with skin rash , sensitivity to light ; disorders combining rigidity , tremor and / or movement disorders . valsartan not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease in red blood cells , fever , sore throat or mouth sores due to infections ; spontaneous bleeding or bruising ; high level of potassium in the blood ; abnormal liver test results ; decreased renal functions and severely decreased renal functions ; swelling mainly of the face and the throat ; muscle pain ; rash , purplish - red spots ; fever ; itching ; allergic reaction ; blistering skin ( sign of a condition called dermatitis bullous ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
). children and adolescents ilumetri is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . this is because it has not yet been evaluated in this group of patients . other medicines and ilumetri tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . these include vaccines and immunosuppressants ( medicines that affect the immune system ). you should not be given certain types of vaccines ( live vaccines ) while using ilumetri . no data are available with the concomitant use of ilumetri and live vaccines . pregnancy , breastfeeding and fertility it is preferable to avoid the use of ilumetri in pregnancy . the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use an effective method of contraception whilst having treatment with ilumetri and for at least 17 weeks after treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines ilumetri has no or little effect on the ability to drive and use machines . 3 . how to use ilumetri ilumetri is intended for use under the guidance and supervision of a physician experienced in the diagnosis and treatment of psoriasis . always use this medicine exactly as your doctor has told you . check with your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure . this medicine is for single use only . the recommended dose of ilumetri is 100 mg by subcutaneous injection at weeks 0 , and 4 and every 12 weeks thereafter . in patients with certain characteristics ( e . g . high disease burden , body weight ≥ 90 kg ) 200 mg may provide greater efficacy . your doctor will decide for how long you need to take ilumetri . after proper training in subcutaneous injection technique , you may inject ilumetri yourself if your doctor determines that it is appropriate . for instructions on how to inject ilumetri yourself , see ' instructions for use ' at the end of this leaflet . talk to your doctor about when you will have your injections and follow - up appointments . use in children and adolescents the safety and efficacy of ilumetri in children and adolescents under 18 years of age has not yet been established and therefore ilumetri is not recommended for use in children or adolescents . if you use more ilumetri than you should if you have administered more ilumetri than you should or the dose has been administered sooner than according to your doctor ' s prescription , tell your doctor . if you forget to use ilumetri if you have forgotten or missed an ilumetri injection , administer the dose as soon as possible . thereafter , resume dosing at the regularly scheduled interval . if you stop using ilumetri the decision to stop using ilumetri should be discussed with your doctor . your symptoms may return upon discontinuation . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . 4 . possible side effects like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately : - swelling of the face , lips or throat - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects most of the following side effects are mild . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory infections common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - gastroenteritis - nausea - diarrhoea - injection site pain - back pain - headache reporting of side effects 29 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported during clinical trials and during general use : very serious side effects tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital if you experience the following side effect you may need urgent medical attention or hospitalisation : 25 difficulty in breathing , dizziness , a weak and rapid pulse and skin rash which are symptoms of an anaphylactic reaction ( a very severe allergic reaction ) serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects you may need medical attention : extensive swelling of injected limb mild side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site pain , reddening , hardening or swelling at the site of the injection headache muscle pain tiredness hardening or swelling at the site of the injection , headache , muscle pain , and fatigue were common in the elderly . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea loss of appetite joint pain bruising shivering vomiting was uncommon in the elderly uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever (> 38 ) fever was common in adolescents and children . not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): numbness and tingling sensation generalised skin reactions including itching , bumps on the skin or non - specific rash reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your healthcare professional . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v .* by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . call an ambulance or ask someone else to call one straight away if you : feel very dizzy or faint feel very sleepy get slow or shallow breathing get cold clammy skin , look pale , have a weak pulse or other signs of shock . if you or your carer notice any of the side effects above , call an ambulance straight away . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): not knowing where you are ( disorientated ) change in taste feeling dizzy feeling or being sick feeling sleepy , headache nose bleed , discomfort in the nose , runny nose constipation itchy skin uncommon side effects : ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest infection painful , sore or inflamed throat or nose cough , sneezing , catarrh or cold , changes in the fluid produced by your nose allergic reaction , rash loss of or increase in appetite , weight increase dehydration , feeling thirsty misusing the medicine seeing or hearing things that are not really there ( hallucinations / delirium ), feeling confused feeling depressed , worried , slow or nervous a lack of concentration or increased activity memory loss feeling " high " being less aware or responsive , losing consciousness convulsion ( fits ) 43 muscle convulsions or trembling loss of taste , loss or change in sense of smell difficulty in speaking blue skin colour vertigo , falling over , malaise heat and circulation not working properly , hot flush or fever , chills , excessive sweating swelling of the soft tissue low blood pressure blockage in the wind - pipe shortness of breath vaginal bleeding tear in the intestine or inflammation of the stomach lining numbness or tingling in the mouth , tongue , or nose , or other tongue problems , mouth ulcers , dry mouth diarrhoea retching , stomach pains , indigestion sore or painful joints difficulty in or inability to pass water chest pain feeling tired or weak , problems moving changes in blood cells ( detected by laboratory tests ) increased blood sugar protein in the urine other side effects ( frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data )) severe breathing problems flushing insomnia withdrawal syndrome ( may manifest by the occurrence of the following side effects nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , anxiety , chills , tremor , and sweating ) drug dependence ( addiction ) drug abuse prolonged treatment with fentanyl during pregnancy may cause withdrawal symptoms in the newborn which can be life - threatening ( see section 2 ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some side effects may be serious and require treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you experience severe symptoms including agitation , high blood pressure , restlessness , muscle spasms and twitching , high body temperature , excessive sweating , shivering , and tremor . these may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : excessive muscle stiffness ( spasticity ) excessively slow or shallow breathing ( respiratory depression ) and / or turning blue . the most commonly reported side effects are gastrointestinal disorders ( such as diarrhoea , nausea ), nervous system disorders ( such as dizziness , headache , somnolence ) and fatigue . if any of the above occur , stop taking the capsules and tell your doctor immediately a list of all other side effects is provided below : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea dizziness , headache , drowsiness fatigue uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite anxiety distorted sense of taste ( dysgeusia ), sleepiness ( hypersomnia ), muscle spasticity , fainting ( syncope ), fall travel or motion sickness , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) heart problems , such as slow , fast or irregular heart beat , or altered results during an electrocardiogram ( ecg qt prolongation ) abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , wind ( flatulence ), stomach discomfort , vomiting increased liver enzymes ( ggt , ast , alt ) rash muscle spasms weakness ( asthenia ), irritability rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) loss of appetite ( anorexia ) teeth grinding ( bruxism ), confusion , depressed mood , depression , disorientation ( e . g . difficulty sensing time , direction , and recognition of people and places ), early morning awakening , reduced emotional expressiveness ( flat affect ), hallucination , impulsive behaviour , indifference , insomnia , restlessness , disturbed sleep balance disorder , abnormal coordination , speech difficulties ( dysarthria ), movement dysfunction , pins and needles / tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), loss of feeling or function in the lower limbs ( paraparesis ), sedation double vision , blurred vision heart attack ( myocardial infarction ), heart palpitations nose bleeds , throat pain , excessively slow or shallow breathing ( respiratory depression ), runny nose , yawning abnormal faeces , indigestion , inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ), numbness and abnormal sensation in the mouth , rectal pain , dry tongue gall stones , increased bilirubin levels in the blood , abnormal liver function test redness of the skin ( erythema ), excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ), loss of sensation or numbness of the face , night sweats musculoskeletal stiffness , muscle pain ( myalgia ), neck pain , pain in the limbs 54 abnormally frequent daytime urination sexual dysfunction chest discomfort , chest pain , chills , feeling hot , gait disturbance ( difficulty walking ), flu - like illness , fever , decreased oxygen levels in the blood bone fractures ( skeletal injury ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking dynastat and tell your doctor immediately : - if you develop a rash or ulceration in any part of your body ( e . g . skin , mouth , eyes , face , lips or tongue ), or develop any other signs of an allergic reaction such as skin rash , swelling of the face , lips or tongue which may cause wheezing , difficulty breathing , or swallowing this occurs rarely - if you have blistering or peeling of the skin - this occurs rarely - the onset of skin reactions can occur at any time but most often occur in the first month of treatment ; the reported rate of these events appears to be greater for valdecoxib , a medicine related to parecoxib , as compared to other cox - 2 inhibitors - if you have jaundice ( your skin or the whites of your eyes appear yellow ) - if you have any signs of bleeding in the stomach or intestine , such as passing a black or blood - stained bowel movement or vomiting blood very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea ( feeling sick ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people change in your blood pressure ( up or down ) you may get back pain ankles , legs and feet may swell ( fluid retention ) you may feel numb your skin may lose sensitivity to pain and touch you may get vomiting , stomach ache , indigestion , constipation , bloating and wind tests may show abnormal kidney function you may feel agitated or find it hard to sleep dizziness there is a risk of anaemia - changes in red blood cells after an operation that may cause fatigue and breathlessness you may get a sore throat or difficulty breathing ( shortness of breath ) your skin may be itchy you may pass less urine than usual . dry socket ( inflammation and pain after a tooth extraction ) increased sweating low levels of potassium in blood test results uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people heart attack there is a risk of cerebrovascular disease e . g . stroke , or transient ischaemic attack ( transient reduced blood flow to the brain )/ mini - stroke or angina , or blockages to blood vessels to the heart or brain blood clot in the lungs worsening of high blood pressure ulcers in the digestive system , chronic stomach acid reflux the heart may beat more slowly 59 low blood pressure on standing blood tests may show abnormal liver function you may bruise easily due to a low blood platelet count surgical wounds may become infected , abnormal discharge from surgical wounds skin discolouration or bruising complications with skin healing after operations high sugar levels in blood tests injection site pain or injection site reaction rash , or raised itchy rash ( hives ) anorexia ( loss of appetite ) joint pain high levels of blood enzymes in blood tests that indicate injury or stress to the heart , the brain , or muscle tissue . dry mouth muscle weakness ear ache unusual abdominal sounds rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people rash or ulceration in any part of your body ( e . g . skin , mouth , eyes , face , lips or tongue ), or any other signs of allergic reactions such as skin rash , swelling of the face , lips and tongue , wheezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing ( potentially fatal ) swelling , blistering or peeling of the skin acute kidney failure hepatitis ( inflamed liver ) inflammation of the gullet ( oesophagus ) inflammation of the pancreas ( can lead to stomach pain ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data collapse due to severe low blood pressure heart failure kidney failure racing or irregularity of the heartbeat breathlessness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . systemic allergy is rare ( 1 / 10 , 000 to < 1 / 1 , 000 ). the symptoms are as follows : rash over the whole body blood pressure dropping difficulty in breathing heart beating fast wheezing sweating . if you think you are having this sort of insulin allergy with humalog , tell your doctor at once . local allergy is common ( 1 / 100 to < 1 / 10 ). some people get redness , swelling or itching around the area of the insulin injection . this usually clears up in anything from a few days to a few weeks . if this happens to you , tell your doctor . lipodystrophy ( thickening or pitting of the skin ) is uncommon ( 1 / 1 , 000 to < 1 / 100 ). if you notice your skin thickening or pitting at the injection site , tell your doctor . oedema ( e . g . swelling in arms , ankles ; fluid retention ) has been reported , particularly at the start of insulin therapy or during a change in therapy to improve control of your blood glucose . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 106 listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common problems of diabetes a . hypoglycaemia hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) means there is not enough sugar in the blood . this can be caused if : you take too much humalog or other insulin ; you miss or delay meals or change your diet ; you exercise or work too hard just before or after a meal ; you have an infection or illness ( especially diarrhoea or vomiting ); there is a change in your need for insulin ; or you have trouble with your kidneys or liver which gets worse . alcohol and some medicines can affect your blood sugar levels . the first symptoms of low blood sugar usually come on quickly and include the following : tiredness rapid heartbeat nervousness or shakiness feeling sick headache cold sweat . while you are not confident about recognising your warning symptoms , avoid situations , e . g . driving a car , in which you or others would be put at risk by hypoglycaemia . b . hyperglycaemia and diabetic ketoacidosis hyperglycaemia ( too much sugar in the blood ) means that your body does not have enough insulin . hyperglycaemia can be brought about by : not taking your humalog or other insulin ; taking less insulin than your doctor tells you to ; eating a lot more than your diet allows ; or fever , infection or emotional stress . hyperglycaemia can lead to diabetic ketoacidosis . the first symptoms come on slowly over many hours or days . the symptoms include the following : feeling sleepy no appetite flushed face fruity smell on the breath thirst feeling or being sick severe symptoms are heavy breathing and a rapid pulse . get medical help immediately . c . illness if you are ill , especially if you feel sick or are sick , the amount of insulin you need may change . even when you are not eating normally , you still need insulin . test your urine or blood , follow your ' sick rules ', and tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of neoclarityn , cases of severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , hives and swelling ) have been reported very rarely . if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a dummy tablet . however , fatigue , dry mouth and headache were reported more often than with a dummy tablet . in adolescents , headache was the most commonly reported side effect . in clinical studies with neoclarityn , the following side effects were reported as : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people fatigue dry mouth headache adults during the marketing of neoclarityn , the following side effects were reported as : very rare : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people severe allergic reactions rash pounding or irregular heartbeat fast heartbeat stomach ache feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting upset stomach diarrhoea dizziness drowsiness inability to sleep muscle pain hallucinations seizures restlessness with increased liver inflammation abnormal liver function tests body movement not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data unusual weakness yellowing of the skin and / or eyes increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun , even in case of hazy sun , and to uv light , for instance to uv lights of a solarium changes in the way the heart beats abnormal behaviour aggression weight increased , increased appetite children not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data slow heartbeat change in the way the heart beats 59 abnormal behaviour aggression reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel dura if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste of food . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) or common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rapid weight gain . imatinib medac may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). signs of infection such as fever , severe chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers . imatinib medac can reduce the number of white blood cells , so you might get infections more easily . unexpected bleeding or bruising ( when you have not hurt yourself ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): chest pain , irregular heart rhythm ( signs of heart problems ). cough , having difficulty breathing or painful breathing ( signs of lung problems ). feeling light - headed , dizzy or fainting ( signs of low blood pressure ). feeling sick ( nausea ), with loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). rash , red skin with blisters on the lips , eyes , skin or mouth , peeling skin , fever , raised red or purple skin patches , itching , burning sensation , pustular eruption ( signs of skin problems ). severe abdominal pain , blood in your vomit , stools or urine , black stools ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ). severely decreased urine output , feeling thirsty ( signs of kidney problems ). feeling sick ( nausea ) with diarrhoea and vomiting , abdominal pain or fever ( signs of bowel problems ). severe headache , weakness or paralysis of limbs or face , difficulty speaking , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems such as bleeding or swelling in skull / brain ). pale skin , feeling tired and breathlessness and having dark urine ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). eye pain or deterioration in vision , bleeding in the eyes . pain in your hips or difficulty walking . numb or cold toes and fingers ( signs of raynaud ' s syndrome ). sudden swelling and redness of the skin ( signs of a skin infection called cellulitis ). difficulty hearing . muscle weakness and spasms with an abnormal heart rhythm ( signs of changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ). bruising . stomach pain with feeling sick ( nausea ). muscle spasms with a fever , red - brown urine , pain or weakness in your muscles ( signs of muscle problems ). pelvic pain sometimes with nausea and vomiting , with unexpected vaginal bleeding , feeling dizzy or fainting due to low blood pressure ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ). nausea , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , tiredness and / or joint discomfort associated with abnormal laboratory test results ( eg . high potassium , uric acid and calcium levels and low phosphorus levels in the blood ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): combination of a widespread severe rash , feeling sick , fever , high level of certain white blood cells or yellow skin or eyes ( signs of jaundice ) with breathlessness , chest pain / discomfort , severely decreased urine output and feeling thirsty etc . ( signs of a treatment - related allergic reaction ). chronic renal failure . if you get any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache or feeling tired . feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or indigestion . rash . muscle cramps or joint , muscle or bone pain , during imatinib medac treatment or after you have stopped taking imatinib medac swelling such as round your ankles or puffy eyes . weight gain . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anorexia , weight loss or a disturbed sense of taste . feeling dizzy or weak . difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ). discharge from the eye with itching , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ), watery eyes or having blurred vision . nose bleeds . pain or swelling in your abdomen , flatulence , heartburn or constipation . itching . unusual hair loss or thinning . numbness of the hands or feet . mouth ulcers . joint pain with swelling . dry mouth , dry skin or dry eye . decreased or increased skin sensitivity . hot flushes , chills or night sweats . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): reddening and / or swelling on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . slowing of growth in children and adolescents . recurrence ( reactivation ) of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects may include irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ). this is an uncommon side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), but if this side effect occurs , immediately stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice . if you get headaches , especially sudden , migraine - like ( throbbing ) headaches , tell your doctor . these may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased heart rate ( tachycardia ) - infection of the structures that carry urine ( urinary tract infections ) - nausea - constipation - headache - diarrhoea - dizziness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bladder infection ( cystitis ) - feeling your heartbeat ( palpitations ) - vaginal infection - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - infection of the stomach ( gastritis ) - swelling of the joints - itching of the vulva or vagina ( vulvovaginal pruritus ) - increased blood pressure - increase in liver enzymes ( ggt , ast and alt ) - itching , rash or hives ( urticaria , rash , rash macular , rash papular , pruritus ) 42 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the eyelid ( eyelid oedema ) - swelling of the lip ( lip oedema ) - swelling of the deeper layers of the skin caused by a build - up of fluid , which can affect any part of the body including the face , tongue or throat and may cause difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ) - small purple spots on the skin ( purpura ) - inflammation of small blood vessels mainly affecting the skin ( leukocytoclastic vasculitis ) - inability to completely empty the bladder ( urinary retention ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - hypertensive crisis not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - insomnia - confusion betmiga may increase your chances of not being able to empty your bladder if you have bladder outlet obstruction or if you are taking other medicines to treat overactive bladder . tell your doctor right away if you are unable to empty your bladder . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects very commonly reported in adults ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) were tissue swelling due to fluid retention , mild increase in blood sugar and headache . side effects were generally transient and mild to moderate . development of new tumours or reappearance of previously existing tumours has been reported during treatment with growth hormones . it is not known how often this may occur , but if you suspect that this is the case , contact your doctor since the treatment may have to be stopped . side effects can occur with the following frequencies : common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people - virus infection known as herpes simplex - skin tag ( a form of harmless skin growth ) - tiredness - weakness , feeling unwell - face swelling - thirst - pain , chest pain , pain at the injection site - pain in the back , arms , legs , shoulders , bones , joints - sleeplessness - decreased sensation , numbness and tingling in fingers and palm of the hand due to squeezed nerve at wrist ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - dizziness , sleepiness - muscular or bone stiffness , weakness of the muscles , muscle pain , feeling of heaviness - inflammation of the tendons , joint swelling , joint inflammation - reddening of the eyes , reduced vision , vertigo ( a feeling of dizziness or spinning ) - increased or irregular heart rate - high blood pressure - nosebleed - nausea - increased level of bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver - inflammation of the gall bladder - acne , increased sweating , skin rash - allergic skin reactions such as redness , irritation , itching - blood in the urine - nipple pain - reduced function of the adrenal gland ( which could show as tiredness ) - reduced function of the thyroid gland - increased fat levels in the blood - weight gain - development of substances ( antibodies ) in the blood that bind to growth hormone - changes in blood test results such as a change in the number of white blood cells or increased levels of insulin , sugar , sodium or certain fatty substances in the blood - changes in liver test results - a type of benign brain tumour called craniopharyngioma 90 uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people - enlargement of the male breast rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - symptoms of increased pressure in the skull such as severe and recurrent headache , visual changes , nausea and / or vomiting not known , frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - a reduced response to insulin ( insulin resistance ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - hot flushes , sweating . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fatigue , dizziness , depression - nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting - rash , itching , oedema ( swelling ) - uterine bleeding , white discharge . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - headache , sleep disorders - weight increase , constipation , loss of appetite - thickening of the lining of the womb ( endometrial hypertrophy ) - blood clot for example in the lung ( thromboembolic events ) - shortness of breath . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - growth on the lining of the womb ( endometrial polyps ) - increase in liver enzymes ( increase of liver transaminases ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - changes in the lining of the uterus ( endometrium ), cancer of the lining of the womb ( endometrial cancer ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - cloudiness of the eye surface ( transient corneal opacity ) - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection ( leukopenia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) 21 - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). you should contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - swelling or tenderness in your calf - unexplained shortness of breath or sudden chest pain - vaginal bleeding or changes in vaginal discharge . fareston causes certain abnormal changes in the electrical recording of the heart ( electrocardiogram or ecg ). see section 2 warnings and precautions . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common side effects are pain in limb ( which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other common side effects ( affecting up to 1 in 10 people ) include feeling sick , headache and dizziness . if you become dizzy ( light - headed ) after your injection , you should sit or lie down until you feel better . if you do not feel better , you should call a doctor before you continue treatment . cases of fainting have occured after teriparatide use . if you have discomfort around the area of the injection such as redness of the skin , pain , swelling , itching , bruising or minor bleeding ( which can occur in up to 1 in 10 people ), this should clear up in a few days or weeks . otherwise tell your doctor . rarely , patients may suffer allergic reactions consisting of breathlessness , swelling of the face , rash and chest pain . these reactions usually occur soon after injection . in rare cases , serious and potentially life - threatening allergic reactions including anaphylaxis can occur . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increase in blood cholesterol levels depression nerve pain in the leg feeling faint spinning sensation irregular heartbeats breathlessness increased sweating muscle cramps loss of energy tiredness chest pain low blood pressure heartburn ( painful or burning sensation just below the breast bone ) vomiting a hernia of the tube that carries food to your stomach ( hiatus hernia ) low haemoglobin or red blood cell count ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased heart rate abnormal heart sound shortness of breath piles ( haemorrhoids ) leakage of urine increased need to pass water weight increase kidney stones pain in the muscles and pain in the joints . some patients have had severe back cramps or pain which led to admission into hospital . increase in blood calcium level increase in blood uric acid level increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): reduced kidney function , including renal failure swelling , mainly in the hands , feet and legs . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety , difficulty sleeping , irritability , dizziness , feeling jittery , excessive sweating fast or irregular heart beats , also called palpitations , chest discomfort high blood pressure feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , vomiting cough , clenching or grinding your teeth , dry mouth loss of appetite uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling agitated , restlessness , inability to concentrate , shaking ( tremors ) increase in heart rate much higher than normal shortness of breath chest pain thirst weight loss . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , rinvoq can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or get medical help straight away if you get any signs of infection such as : shingles or painful skin rash with blisters ( herpes zoster ) infection of the lung ( pneumonia ), which may cause shortness of breath , fever , and a cough with mucus the above side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects talk to your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) throat and nose infections 46 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) cough fever feeling sick in the stomach ( nausea ) increase in an enzyme called creatine kinase , shown by blood tests low white blood cell counts shown in blood tests increased levels of cholesterol ( a type of fat in the blood ) as shown in tests increased levels of liver enzymes , shown by blood tests ( sign of liver problems ) weight gain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) cold sores ( herpes simplex ) thrush in the mouth ( white patches in the mouth ) increased levels of triglycerides ( a type of fat in the blood ) as shown in tests reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects the following potentially serious side effects can occur when using natpar : very common : high levels of calcium in your blood , which can occur more often when you start treatment with natpar . very common : low levels of calcium in your blood ; this can occur more often if you suddenly stop taking natpar . symptoms related to high or low calcium levels are included in the list below . if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor right away . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headaches *,† tingling and numbness of the skin † diarrhoea *,† nausea and vomiting * joint pain * muscle spasms † common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling nervous or anxious † sleep problems ( feeling sleepy during the day or having trouble sleeping at night )* fast or uneven heart beat *,† high blood pressure * 30 cough † stomach pain * muscle twitching or cramping † pain in your muscles † neck pain † pain in your arms and legs increased level of calcium in your urine * need to pass urine often † fatigue and lack of energy * chest pain redness and pain at injection site thirst * antibodies ( produced by your immune system ) to natpar in blood tests , your doctor may see decreased levels of vitamin d and magnesium † not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ), such as : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or tongue ; shortness of breath ; itching ; rash ; hives seizures ( fits ) due to low levels of calcium in your blood † * these side effects may be related to high level of calcium in your blood . † these side effects may be related to low level of calcium in your blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , prevenar 13 can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects include those reported for prevenar 13 in infants and children ( 6 weeks to 5 years of age ): the most common side effects ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) are : decreased appetite fever ; irritability ; pain , tenderness , redness , swelling or hardness at the vaccination - site ; drowsiness ; restless sleep redness , hardness , swelling at the vaccination - site of 2 . 5 cm - 7 . 0 cm ( after the booster dose and in older children [ aged 2 to 5 years ]) common side effects ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) are : vomiting ; diarrhoea fever of more than 39 ; tenderness at the vaccination - site interfering with movement , redness , hardness , swelling at the vaccination - site of 2 . 5 cm - 7 . 0 cm ( after the initial course of injections ) rash uncommon side effects ( these may occur with up to 1 in 100 doses of the vaccine ) are : seizures ( or fits ), including those caused by a high temperature hives ( urticaria or urticaria - like rash ) redness , swelling , or hardness at the vaccination - site of more than 7 cm ; crying rare side effects ( these may occur with up to 1 in 1 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) are : collapse or shock - like state ( hypotonic - hyporesponsive episode ) allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction , including swelling of the face and / or lips , difficulty in breathing the following side effects include those reported for prevenar 13 in children and adolescents ( 6 to 17 years of age ): the most common side effects ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) are : decreased appetite irritability ; pain , tenderness , redness , swelling or hardness at the vaccination - site ; drowsiness ; restless sleep ; tenderness at the vaccination - site interfering with movement 100 common side effects ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) are : headaches vomiting ; diarrhoea rash ; hives ( urticaria or urticaria - like rash ) fever children and adolescents with either hiv infection , sickle cell disease or a blood - forming stem cell transplant had similar side effects however the frequencies of headaches , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , fatigue , joint and muscle pain were very common . in babies born very prematurely ( at or before 28 weeks of gestation ), longer gaps than normal between breaths may occur for 2 - 3 days after vaccination . the following side effects include those reported for prevenar 13 in adults : the most common side effects ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) are : decreased appetite ; headaches ; diarrhoea ; vomiting ( for those 18 to 49 years of age ) chills ; tiredness ; rash ; pain , redness , swelling hardness or tenderness at the vaccination - site , interfering with arm movement ( severe pain or tenderness at vaccination - site for those 18 - 39 years of age and severe limitation of arm movements for those 18 to 39 years of age ) worsening or new pain in your joints , worsening or new pain in your muscles fever ( for those 18 to 29 years of age ) common side effects ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) are : vomiting ( for those 50 years and older ); fever ( for those 30 years and older ) uncommon side effects ( these may occur with up to 1 in 100 doses of the vaccine ) are : nausea allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction , including swelling of the face and / or lips , difficulty in breathing enlarged lymph nodes or glands ( lymphadenopathy ) near the vaccination - site , such as under the arm adults with hiv infection had similar side effects however the frequencies were very common for fever , vomiting and common for nausea . adults with a blood - forming stem cell transplant had similar side effects however the frequencies were very common for fever and vomiting . the following additional side effects have been seen with prevenar 13 in postmarketing experience severe allergic reaction including shock ( cardiovascular collapse ); angioedema ( swelling of lips , face or throat ) hives ( urticaria ), redness and irritation ( dermatitis ) and itching ( pruritus ) at the vaccination - site ; flushing enlarged lymph nodes or glands ( lymphadenopathy ) near the vaccination - site , such as under the arm or in the groin a rash causing itchy red blotches ( erythema multiforme ) 101 reporting of side effects if you or your child get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon 26 ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . - nausea and headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - general aches and pains in the joints and muscles . - some changes may occur in your blood , but these will be detected by routine blood tests . your white blood cell count may become high for a short period of time . your platelet count may become low which might result in bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic - type reactions , including redness and flushing , skin rash , and raised areas of the skin that itch . - serious allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ). - increased spleen size . - spleen rupture . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - breathing problems . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor . - sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever ) has occurred but other factors may play a role . - cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). - damage to the tiny filters inside your kidneys ( glomerulonephritis ). - redness at the site of injection . - coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . - bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ). - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using cegfila if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . infection such as shingles , which may affect up to 1 in 10 people : tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you get the following symptoms , which may be signs of shingles ( herpes zoster ): - painful skin rash with blisters and fever very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - throat and nose infections - high levels of blood fat ( cholesterol ) shown by blood test common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - cold sores ( herpes simplex ) - infection causing a sick stomach or diarrhoea ( gastroenteritis ) - urinary infection - pneumonia - high number of platelets ( cells involved in blood clotting ), shown by blood test - feeling sick in the stomach ( nausea ) - high levels of liver enzymes , shown by blood test - rash 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low number of white bloods cells ( neutrophils ), shown by blood test - increase in an enzyme called creatine kinase , shown by blood test - high levels of blood fat ( triglycerides ), shown by blood test - acne - weight gain - swelling of the face - urticaria - blood clots in the blood vessels of the lungs - blood clot in the veins of the legs or pelvis , called a deep vein thrombosis ( dvt ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking ebymect and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) ebymect may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following side effects : diabetic ketoacidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight loss - feeling sick or being sick - stomach pain - excessive thirst - fast and deep breathing - confusion - unusual sleepiness or tiredness - a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ebymect . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus , seen very rarely . stop taking ebymect and see a doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious effects : dehydration : loss of too much fluid from your body , seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). these are signs of dehydration : - very dry or sticky mouth , feeling very thirsty - feeling very sleepy or tired - passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see blood in your urine , tell your doctor immediately . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following side effects : low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood , such as insulin . these are the signs of low blood sugar : - shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat - feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have symptoms of low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . other side effects include : very common nausea , vomiting 60 diarrhoea or stomach ache loss of appetite common genital infection ( thrush ) of your penis or vagina ( signs may include irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) back pain discomfort when passing water ( urine ), passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment changes in taste dizziness rash uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) very rare decreased vitamin b12 levels in the blood abnormalities in liver function tests , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) redness of the skin ( erythema ), itching or an itchy rash ( hives ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the following serious side effects occur , stop using the medicine and seek urgent medical advice . constipation ( difficulty in passing stool ) very common difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) very common pneumonia ( sever chest infection ) - common allergic reaction ( rash , itching , red raised itchy rash ( hives ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) frequency not known the following side effects may be a sign of severe allergic reaction . if they occur , take the child to the nearest emergency medical facility and take the medicine with you . swelling mainly of the tongue , lips , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) frequency not known other side effects are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty in passing stools ( constipation ) diarrhoea being sick ( vomiting ) flushing nasal congestion unable to completely empty the bladder ( urinary retention ) reduced secretions in the chest ; irritability common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection ( chest infection ); pneumonia ( severe chest infection ) urinary tract infection drowsiness ( sleepiness ) agitation fever ( pyrexia ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) rash 32 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bad breath ( halitosis ) fungal infection ( thrush ) of the throat ( oesophageal candidiasis ) abnormal contractions of the digestive tract when food is ingested ( gastrointestinal motility disorder ) a disorder of the muscles and nerves in the intestine which causes an obstruction or blockage ( pseudo - obstruction ) widening of the pupil of the eye ( mydriasis ) involuntary eye movement ( nystagmus ) headache dehydration thirst in hot weather other side effects that occur with anticholinergics but their frequency with glycopyrronium is not known allergic reaction ( rash , itching , red raised itchy rash ( hives ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) severe allergic reaction ( angioedema ); signs include swelling mainly of the tongue , lips , face or throat restlessness ; overactivity ; short attention span ; frustration ; mood changes ; temper outbursts or explosive behaviour ; excessive sensitivity ; seriousness or sadness ; frequent crying episodes ; fearfulness insomnia ( difficulty in sleeping ) raised pressure in the eye ( which might cause glaucoma ); photophobia ( sensitivity to light ); dry eyes slow heart rate followed by rapid heart rate , palpitations and irregular heart beat inflammation and swelling of sinuses ( sinusitis ) feeling sick ( nausea ) dry skin ; reduced ability to sweat , which can cause fever and heatstroke . urgent need to urinate ; side effects can sometimes be difficult to recognise in patients with neurologic problems who cannot easily tell you how they feel . if you think a troublesome side effect is occurring after increasing a dose , the dose should be decreased to the previous one used and your doctor contacted . tell your doctor if you notice any behavioural changes or any other changes in the child . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects of trevaclyn are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flushing ( which usually includes redness of the skin , feeling warm , itching , or tingling , particularly in the head , neck , chest and upper back ). if flushing occurs , symptoms are generally most noticeable at first and usually lessen over time . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache tingling or numbness of the hands or feet abdominal pain diarrhoea upset stomach or heartburn nausea ( feeling sick ) getting sick ( vomiting ) pruritus ( itching ) rash hives uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) gout 34 sleeplessness dizziness palpitation ( feeling your heartbeat ) low blood pressure shortness of breath dry skin rash with flat , red spots muscle pain or tenderness chills pain swelling of the fingers , toes or ankles in addition , one or more of the following symptoms have been reported as part of an allergic reaction to trevaclyn . swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may require treatment right away ) fainting shortness of breath loss of control over urine and stool cold sweats shivering chills increased blood pressure swelling of the lips burning sensation whole body rash joint pain swelling of the legs rapid heart rate . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) runny nose decreased glucose ( sugar ) tolerance anxiety migraine fainting rapid or irregular heartbeat dizziness upon standing belching stomach ulcer skin disorder with dark velvety plaques called acanthosis nigricans patches of darkened skin sweating muscle weakness weakness generalised swelling not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data additionally , the following were reported during post - marketing experience with trevaclyn and / or other nicotinic acid products ( alone and / or with certain other cholesterol - lowering medicines ). a sudden serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). symptoms included fainting , shortness of breath , wheezing or trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , itching or hives on the skin . this condition requires immediate medical attention . eye disorders called toxic amblyopia and cystoid macular oedema which may lead to blurred , decreased , or lost vision yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) blistering rash if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects of tredaptive are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flushing ( which usually includes redness of the skin , feeling warm , itching , or tingling , particularly in the head , neck , chest and upper back ). if flushing occurs , symptoms are generally most noticeable at first and usually lessen over time . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache tingling or numbness of the hands or feet abdominal pain diarrhoea upset stomach or heartburn nausea ( feeling sick ) getting sick ( vomiting ) pruritus ( itching ) rash hives uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) gout 34 sleeplessness dizziness palpitation ( feeling your heartbeat ) low blood pressure shortness of breath dry skin rash with flat , red spots muscle pain or tenderness chills pain swelling of the fingers , toes or ankles in addition , one or more of the following symptoms have been reported as part of an allergic reaction to tredaptive . swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may require treatment right away ) fainting shortness of breath loss of control over urine and stool cold sweats shivering chills increased blood pressure swelling of the lips burning sensation whole body rash joint pain swelling of the legs rapid heart rate . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) runny nose decreased glucose ( sugar ) tolerance anxiety migraine fainting rapid or irregular heartbeat dizziness upon standing belching stomach ulcer skin disorder with dark velvety plaques called acanthosis nigricans patches of darkened skin sweating muscle weakness weakness generalised swelling not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data additionally , the following were reported during post - marketing experience with tredaptive and / or other nicotinic acid products ( alone and / or with certain other cholesterol - lowering medicines ): a sudden serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). symptoms included fainting , shortness of breath , wheezing or trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , itching or hives on the skin . this condition requires immediate medical attention . eye disorders called toxic amblyopia and cystoid macular oedema which may lead to blurred , decreased , or lost vision yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) blistering rash if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience blood clots in the veins , especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . have dementia and experience a sudden change in your mental state or sudden weakness or numbness of your face , arms or legs , especially on one side , or slurred speech , even for a short period of time . these may be signs of a stroke . experience fever , muscle stiffness , sweating or a lowered level of consciousness ( a disorder called " neuroleptic malignant syndrome "). immediate medical treatment may be needed are a man and experience prolonged or painful erection . this is called priapism . immediate medical treatment may be needed . experience involuntary rhythmic movements of the tongue , mouth and face . withdrawal of paliperidone may be needed . experience a severe allergic reaction characterised by fever , swollen mouth , face , lip or tongue , shortness of breath , itching , skin rash and sometimes drop in blood pressure ( amounting to an ' anaphylactic reaction '). even if you have previously tolerated oral risperidone or oral paliperidone , rarely allergic reactions occur after receiving injections of paliperidone . are planning to have an operation on your eye , make sure you tell your eye doctor that you are taking this medicine . during an operation on the eye for cloudiness of the lens ( cataract ), the iris ( the coloured part of the eye ) may become floppy during surgery ( known as " floppy iris syndrome ") that may lead to eye damage . are aware of having dangerously low numbers of a certain type of white blood cell needed to fight infection in your blood . the following side effects may happen : very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people difficulty falling or staying asleep . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people common cold symptoms , urinary tract infection , feeling like you have the flu trevicta can raise your levels of a hormone called " prolactin " found on a blood test ( which may or may not cause symptoms ). when symptoms of high prolactin occur , they may include : ( in men ) breast swelling , difficulty in getting or maintaining erections , or other sexual dysfunction ; ( in women ) breast discomfort , leakage of milk from the breasts , missed menstrual periods , or other problems with your cycle . high blood sugar , weight gain , weight loss , decreased appetite irritability , depression , anxiety feeling restless parkinsonism : this condition may include slow or impaired movement , sensation of stiffness or tightness of the muscles ( making your movements jerky ), and sometimes even a sensation of movement " freezing up " and then restarting . other signs of parkinsonism include a slow shuffling walk , a tremor while at rest , increased saliva and / or drooling , and a loss of expression on the face . restlessness , feeling sleepy , or less alert dystonia : this is a condition involving slow or sustained involuntary contraction of muscles . while it can involve any part of the body ( and may result in abnormal posture ), dystonia often involves muscles of the face , including abnormal movements of the eyes , mouth , tongue or jaw . dizziness dyskinesia : this is a condition involving involuntary muscle movements , and can include repetitive , spastic or writhing movements , or twitching . tremor ( shaking ) headache rapid heart rate high blood pressure cough , stuffy nose abdominal pain , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , toothache increased liver transaminases in your blood bone or muscle ache , back pain , joint pain loss of menstrual periods , leakage of milk from the breasts fever , weakness , fatigue ( tiredness ) a reaction at the injection site , including itching , pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people pneumonia , infection of the chest ( bronchitis ), infection of the breathing passages , sinus infection , bladder infection , ear infection , tonsillitis , fungal infection of the nails , infection of the skin white blood cell count decreased , decrease in the type of white blood cells that help to protect you against infection , decrease in platelets ( blood cells that help you stop bleeding ), anaemia allergic reaction diabetes or worsening of diabetes , increased insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ) in your blood 45 increased appetite loss of appetite resulting in malnutrition and low body weight high blood triglycerides ( a fat ), increased cholesterol in your blood sleep disorder , elated mood ( mania ), decreased sexual drive , nervousness , nightmares tardive dyskinesia ( twitching or jerking movements that you cannot control in your face , tongue , or other parts of your body ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience involuntary rhythmic movements of the tongue , mouth and face . withdrawal of this medicine may be needed . fainting , a restless urge to move parts of your body , dizziness upon standing , disturbance in attention , problems with speech , loss or abnormal sense of taste , reduced sensation of skin to pain and touch , a sensation of tingling , pricking , or numbness of skin blurry vision , eye infection or " pink eye ", dry eye sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , ear pain an interruption in conduction between the upper and lower parts of the heart , abnormal electrical conduction of the heart , prolongation of the qt interval from your heart , rapid heartbeat upon standing , slow heart rate , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( electrocardiogram or ecg ), a fluttering or pounding feeling in your chest ( palpitations ) low blood pressure , low blood pressure upon standing ( consequently , some people taking this medicine may feel faint , dizzy , or may pass out when they stand up or sit up suddenly ) shortness of breath , congestion of breathing passages , wheezing , sore throat , nosebleeds abdominal discomfort , stomach or intestinal infection , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth , excessive passing of gas or wind increased ggt ( a liver enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood hives ( or " nettle rash "), itching , rash , hair loss , eczema , dry skin , skin redness , acne an increase of cpk ( creatine phosphokinase ) in your blood , an enzyme which is sometimes released with muscle breakdown muscle spasms , joint stiffness , muscle weakness , neck pain incontinence ( lack of control ) of urine , frequent passing of urine , pain when passing urine erectile dysfunction , ejaculation disorder , missed menstrual periods or other problems with your cycle ( females ), development of breasts in men , sexual dysfunction , breast pain swelling of the face , mouth , eyes , or lips , swelling of the body , arms , or legs an increase in body temperature a change in the way you walk chest pain , chest discomfort , feeling unwell hardening of the skin fall . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people eye infection skin inflammation caused by mites , abscess under the skin increase in eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood inappropriate secretion of a hormone that controls urine volume sugar in the urine life threatening complications of uncontrolled diabetes low blood sugar excessive drinking of water confusion not moving or responding while awake ( catatonia ) sleep walking lack of emotion inability to reach orgasm neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( confusion , reduced or loss of consciousness , high fever , and severe muscle stiffness ), blood vessel problems in the brain , including sudden loss of blood supply to brain ( stroke or " mini " stroke ), unresponsive to stimuli , loss of consciousness , low 46 level of consciousness , convulsion ( fits ), balance disorder abnormal coordination glaucoma ( increased pressure within the eyeball ) problems with movement of your eyes , eye rolling , oversensitivity of the eyes to light , increased tears , redness of the eyes atrial fibrillation ( an abnormal heart rhythm ), irregular heart beat blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ). if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately flushing trouble breathing during sleep ( sleep apnoea ) lung congestion crackly lung sounds inflammation of the pancreas , swollen tongue , stool incontinence , very hard stool chapped lips rash on skin related to drug , thickening of skin , dandruff joint swelling inability to pass urine breast discomfort , enlargement of the glands in your breasts , breast enlargement vaginal discharge very low body temperature , chills , feeling thirsty symptoms of drug withdrawal accumulation of pus caused by infection at injection site , deep skin infection , a cyst at the injection site , bruising at injection site . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data dangerously low numbers of a certain type of white blood cell needed to fight infection in your blood severe allergic reaction characterised by fever , swollen mouth , face , lip or tongue , shortness of breath , itching , skin rash and sometimes drop in blood pressure dangerously excessive intake of water sleep - related eating disorder coma due to uncontrolled diabetes shaking of the head blood clot in the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . fast , shallow breathing , pneumonia caused by inhaling food , voice disorder decreased oxygen in parts of your body ( because of decreased blood flow ) a blockage in the bowels , lack of bowel movement that causes blockage yellowing of the skin and the eyes ( jaundice ) serious allergic reaction with swelling that may involve the throat and lead to difficulty breathing skin discolouration , flaky , itchy scalp or skin abnormal posture newborn babies born to mothers who have taken trevicta during pregnancy may experience side effects of the drug and / or withdrawal symptoms , such as irritability , slow , or sustained muscle contractions , shaking , sleepiness , breathing , or feeding problems priapism ( a prolonged penile erection that may require surgical treatment ) a decrease in body temperature dead skin cells at injection site , an ulcer at injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during a herzuma infusion , chills , fever and other flu like symptoms may occur . these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other infusion - related symptoms are : feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain , increased muscle tension and shaking , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , wheezing , high or low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances ( palpitations , heart 48 fluttering or irregular heart beat ), swelling of the face and lips , rash and feeling tired . some of these symptoms can be serious and some patients have died ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your vein ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you treatment to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the symptoms improve . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . sometimes , symptoms may improve and then get worse later . serious side effects other side effects can occur at any time during treatment with herzuma , not just related to an infusion . tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during treatment and occasionally after treatment has stopped and can be serious . they include weakening of the heart muscle possibly leading to heart failure , inflammation of the lining around the heart and heart rhythm disturbances . this can lead to symptoms such as breathlessness ( including breathlessness at night ), cough , fluid retention ( swelling ) in the legs or arms , palpitations ( heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ) ( see 2 . heart checks ). your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the above symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterized by high blood levels of potassium and phosphate , and low blood levels of calcium ). symptoms may include kidney problems ( weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and confusion ), heart problems ( fluttering of the heart or a faster or slower heartbeat ), seizures , vomiting or diarrhoea and tingling in the mouth , hands or feet if you experience any of the above symptoms when your treatment with herzuma has finished , you should see your doctor and tell them that you have previously been treated with herzuma . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections diarrhoea constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) fatigue skin rashes chest pain abdominal pain joint pain low counts of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which help fight infection ) sometimes with fever muscle pain conjunctivitis watery eyes nose bleeds runny nose hair loss 49 tremor hot flush dizziness nail disorders weight loss loss of appetite inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising numbness or tingling of the fingers and toes redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet breathlessness headache cough vomiting nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions dry mouth and skin throat infections dry eyes bladder and skin infections sweating shingles feeling weak and unwell inflammation of the breast anxiety inflammation of the liver depression kidney disorders abnormal thinking increased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) asthma infection of lungs pain in the arms and / or legs lung disorders itchy rash back pain sleepiness ( somnolence ) neck pain haemorrhoids bone pain itchiness acne leg cramps uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): deafness bumpy rash blood infection rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): muscle weakness jaundice inflammation or scarring of the lungs other side effects that have been reported with herzuma use ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): abnormal or impaired blood clotting anaphylactic reactions high potassium levels 50 swelling of the brain swelling or bleeding at the back of the eyes shock swelling of the lining of the heart slow heart rate abnormal heart rhythm respiratory distress respiratory failure acute accumulation of fluid in the lungs acute narrowing of the airways abnormally low oxygen levels in the blood difficulty in breathing when lying flat liver damage / failure swelling of the face , lips and throat kidney failure abnormally low levels of fluid around baby in womb failure of the lungs of the baby to develop in the womb abnormal development of the kidneys of the baby in the womb some of the side effects you experience may be due to your underlying cancer . if you receive herzuma in combination with chemotherapy , some of them may also be due to the chemotherapy . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects possible signs of liver problems increased liver enzymes in the blood are common in patients with cf . these may be signs of liver problems : pain or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area yellowing of the skin or the white part of the eyes loss of appetite nausea or vomiting dark urine tell your doctor straight away if you have any of these symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) rash ( more common in women that in men ) tell your doctor straight away if you notice a rash . other side effects seen with kaftrio : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness upper respiratory tract infection ( common cold ) oropharyngeal pain ( sore throat ) nasal congestion stomach or abdominal pain diarrhoea increased liver enzymes ( signs of stress on the liver ) changes in the type of bacteria in mucus common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu abnormal breathing ( shortness of breath or difficulty breathing ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) runny nose sinus problems ( sinus congestion ) redness or soreness in the throat ear problems : ear pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , inflamed eardrum spinning sensation ( inner ear disorder ) wind ( flatulence ) 35 spots ( acne ) itchy skin breast mass feeling nauseous increased creatine phosphokinase ( sign of muscle breakdown ) seen in blood tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) breast and nipple problems : inflammation , pain enlargement of the breast in men increases in blood pressure wheezing blocked ears ( ear congestion ) additional side effects in adolescents side effects in adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . summary of serious and very common side effects low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . low blood sugar may occur if you : inject too much insulin . eat too little or miss a meal . exercise more than usual . drink alcohol ( see " insulin aspart sanofi with alcohol " in section 2 ). signs of low blood sugar : cold sweat ; cool pale skin ; headache ; rapid heartbeat ; feeling sick ; feeling very hungry ; temporary changes in vision ; drowsiness ; unusual tiredness and weakness ; nervousness or tremor ; feeling anxious ; feeling confused ; difficulty in concentrating . severe low blood sugar can lead to unconsciousness . if prolonged severe low blood sugar is not treated , it can cause brain damage ( temporary or permanent ) and even death . you may recover more quickly from unconsciousness with an injection of the hormone glucagon by someone who knows how to use it . if you are given glucagon you will need glucose or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when symptoms of low blood sugar have disappeared or when blood sugar level is stabilised , continue insulin treatment as usual . if you have such a low blood sugar that it makes you pass out , if you have had need for injection of glucagon , or if you have experienced many incidents of low blood sugar , talk with a doctor . the amount or timing of insulin , food or exercise may need to be adjusted . tell relevant people that you have diabetes and what the consequences may be , including the risk of passing out ( become unconscious ) due to low blood sugar . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn you on your side and get medical help straight away . they must not give you any food or drink due to risk of suffocation . serious allergic reactions to insulin aspart sanofi or one of its ingredients ( called a systemic allergic reaction ) is a very rare side effect but can potentially be life threatening . it may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . seek medical advice immediately : if signs of allergy spread to other parts of your body . if you suddenly feel unwell , and you : start sweating ; start being sick ( vomiting ); have difficulty in breathing ; have a rapid heartbeat ; feel dizzy . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of allergy : local allergic reactions ( pain , redness , hives , inflammation , bruising , swelling and itching ) at the injection site may occur . these usually disappear after a few weeks of using your insulin . if they do not disappear , or if they spread throughout your body , talk to your doctor immediately ( see also " serious allergic reactions " above ). vision problems : when you first start your insulin treatment , it may disturb your vision , but the disturbance is usually temporary . changes at the injection site ( lipodystrophy ): the fatty tissue under the skin at the injection site may shrink ( lipoatrophy ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy ). changing the site with each injection reduces the risk of developing such skin changes . if you notice your skin pitting or thickening at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse . these reactions can become more severe , or they may change the absorption of your insulin , if you inject in such a site . swollen joints : when you start using insulin , water retention may cause swelling around your ankles and other joints . normally this soon disappears . if not , talk to your doctor . diabetic retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes which can lead to loss of vision ): if you have diabetic retinopathy and your blood sugar level improves very fast , the retinopathy may get worse . ask your doctor about this . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) painful neuropathy ( pain due to nerve damage ): if your blood sugar level improves very fast , you may get nerve related pain , this is called acute painful neuropathy and is usually transient . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : increased urination ; feeling thirsty ; losing your appetite ; feeling sick ( nausea or vomiting ); feeling drowsy or tired ; flushed ; dry skin ; dry mouth and a fruity ( acetone ) smell of the breath . what to do if you experience high blood sugar if you get any of the above signs : test your blood sugar level , test your urine for ketones if you can , then seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following side effects after the kymriah infusion . they usually happen in the first 8 weeks after the infusion , but can also develop later : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high fever and chills . these may be symptoms of a serious condition called cytokine release syndrome which may be life - threatening or fatal . other symptoms of cytokine release syndrome are difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , fatigue , muscle pain , joint pain , swelling , low blood pressure , headache , heart , lung and kidney failure and liver injury . these symptoms almost always occur within the first 10 days after infusion . problems such as altered thinking or decreased consciousness , loss of contact with reality , confusion , agitation , seizures , difficulty speaking and understanding speech , difficulty walking . feeling warm , fever , chills or shivering , sore throat or mouth ulcers may be signs of an infection . some infections may be life - threatening or fatal . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people rapid breakdown of tumour cells causing release of their contents into the bloodstream . this can interfere with the workings of various body organs , especially the kidneys , heart and nervous system ( tumour lysis syndrome ). other possible side effects other side effects are listed below . if these side effects become severe or serious , tell your doctor immediately . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people pale skin , weakness , breathlessness due to low number of red blood cells or low haemoglobin excessive or prolonged bleeding or bruising due to low number of platelets fever with dangerously low white blood cell count increased risk of infection due to abnormally low number of white blood cells frequent and persistent infections due to decreased antibodies in your blood weakness , abnormal heart rhythms , muscle spasms / cramping due to abnormal low level of blood salts including phosphorus , calcium , potassium , magnesium high levels of liver enzymes or creatinine in the blood that show that your liver or kidneys are not working normally anxiety , irritability fast or irregular heart beat raised blood pressure shortness of breath , laboured breathing , rapid breathing , fluid in the lungs cough abdominal pain , constipation skin rash difficulty sleeping swollen ankles , limbs and face 41 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people fever , malaise , enlarged liver , yellow colour of your skin and eyes , low blood cell counts due to severe immune activation dizziness or fainting , flushing , rash , itching , fever , shortness of breath or vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea due to infusion related reaction rash , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea including bloody stools ( possible symptoms of graft - versus - host disease which is when transplanted cells attack your cells ) pain in the joints due to high level of uric acid abnormal blood test results ( high level of : phosphorus , potassium , calcium , magnesium and sodium , an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase to help detect liver disease , fibrin d - dimer , serum ferritin ; low level of : blood protein called albumin , sodium ) convulsion , fits ( seizures ) involuntary or uncontrollable movements tingling or numbness , difficulty moving because of nerve damage decreased vision thirst weight loss nerve pain breathlessness , difficulty breathing when lying down , swelling of the feet or legs ( possible symptoms of heart failure ), stopped heart beat swelling and pain due to blood clots swelling due to fluids leaking from blood vessels into the surrounding tissue bloating and discomfort ( abdominal distension ), due to an accumulation of fluid in the abdomen dry mouth , sore mouth , bleeding in the mouth , inflammation in the gums yellow skin and eyes due to abnormally high levels of bilirubin in the blood itching excessive sweating , night sweats bone and back pain flu - like illness failure of multiple organs uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people weakness or paralysis of limbs or face , difficulty speaking ( possible symptoms of stroke as a result of reduced blood supply ) warm or rapidly reddening skin cough that produces phlegm or sometimes blood , fever , shortness of breath or difficulty breathing reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug rash , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): 47 sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face or low blood pressure ), low blood sugar levels ( in diabetic patients ), feeling anxious , somnolence , impaired vision , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), dry mouth , upset stomach , taste disturbance ( dysgeusia ), abnormal liver function ( japanese patients are more likely to experience this side effect ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa which can also lead to death ( angioedema also with fatal outcome ), eczema ( a skin disorder ), redness of skin , hives ( urticaria ), severe drug rash , joint pain ( arthralgia ), pain in extremity , tendon pain , flu - like - illness , decreased haemoglobin ( a blood protein ), increased levels of uric acid , increased hepatic enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**. * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a way that telmisartan works that is currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of telmisartan . however , it is not known whether telmisartan was the cause . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everyone gets them . when you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of kivexa or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . even patients who don ' t have the hla - b * 5701 gene may still develop a hypersensitivity reaction ( a serious allergic reaction ), described in this leaflet in the panel headed ' hypersensitivity reactions '. it is very important that you read and understand the information about this serious reaction . as well as the side effects listed below for kivexa , other conditions can develop during combination therapy for hiv . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. hypersensitivity reactions kivexa contains abacavir ( which is also an active substance in medicines such as trizivir , triumeq and ziagen ). abacavir can cause a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . these hypersensitivity reactions have been seen more frequently in people taking medicines that contain abacavir . who gets these reactions ? anyone taking kivexa could develop a hypersensitivity reaction to abacavir , which could be life threatening if they continue to take kivexa . you are more likely to develop this reaction if you have a gene called hla - b * 5701 ( but you can get a reaction even if you do not have this gene ). you should have been tested for this gene before kivexa was prescribed for you . if you know you have this gene , tell your doctor before you take kivexa . about 3 to 4 in every 100 patients treated with abacavir in a clinical trial who did not have the hla - b * 5701 gene developed a hypersensitivity reaction . what are the symptoms ? the most common symptoms are : fever ( high temperature ) and skin rash . other common symptoms are : nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ), diarrhoea , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , severe tiredness . other symptoms include : pains in the joints or muscles , swelling of the neck , shortness of breath , sore throat , cough , occasional headaches , inflammation of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), mouth ulcers , low blood pressure , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . when do these reactions happen ? hypersensitivity reactions can start at any time during treatment with kivexa , but are more likely during the first 6 weeks of treatment . contact your doctor immediately : 1 if you get a skin rash , or 2 if you get symptoms from at least 2 of the following groups : - fever - shortness of breath , sore throat or cough - nausea or vomiting , diarrhoea or abdominal pain - severe tiredness or achiness , or generally feeling ill . your doctor may advise you to stop taking kivexa . if you have stopped taking kivexa if you have stopped taking kivexa because of a hypersensitivity reaction , you must never again take kivexa , or any other medicine containing abacavir ( e . g . trizivir , triumeq or ziagen ). if you do , within hours , your blood pressure could fall dangerously low , which could result in death . if you have stopped taking kivexa for any reason — especially because you think you are having side effects , or because you have other illness : talk to your doctor before you start again . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if the doctor thinks they may have been , you will then be told never again to take kivexa , or any other medicine containing abacavir ( e . g . trizivir , triumeq or ziagen ). it is important that you follow this advice . occasionally hypersensitivity reactions have developed in people who start taking abacavir containing products again , but who had only one symptom on the alert card before they stopped taking it . very rarely patients who have taken medicines containing abacavir in the past without any symptoms of hypersensitivity have developed a hypersensitivity reaction when they start taking these medicines again . if your doctor advises that you can start taking kivexa again , you may be asked to take your first doses in a place where you will have ready access to medical care if you need it . if you are hypersensitive to kivexa , return all your unused kivexa tablets for safe disposal . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . the kivexa pack includes an alert card , to remind you and medical staff about hypersensitivity reactions . detach this card and keep it with you at all times . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : hypersensitivity reaction headache being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pains loss of appetite tiredness , lack of energy fever ( high temperature ) general feeling of being unwell difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain and discomfort joint pain cough irritated or runny nose skin rash hair loss uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people and may show up in blood tests : a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) or low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) an increase in the level of liver enzymes a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ). rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : liver disorders , such as jaundice , enlarged liver or fatty liver , inflammation ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) breakdown of muscle tissue . rare side effects that may show up in blood tests are : increase in an enzyme called amylase . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : numbness , tingly feelings in the skin ( pins and needles ) sensation of weakness in the limbs skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms contact a doctor urgently . very rare side effects that may show up in blood tests are : a failure of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia ). if you get side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects gets severe or troublesome , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet . other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv combination therapy such as kivexa may cause other conditions to develop during hiv treatment . symptoms of infection and inflammation old infections may flare up people with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems , and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). such infections may have been " silent " and not detected by the weak immune system before treatment was started . after starting treatment , the immune system becomes stronger , and may attack the infections , which can cause symptoms of infection or inflammation . symptoms usually include fever , plus some of the following : headache stomach ache difficulty breathing in rare cases , as the immune system becomes stronger , it can also attack healthy body tissue ( autoimmune disorders ). the symptoms of autoimmune disorders may develop many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . symptoms may include : palpitations ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ) or tremor hyperactivity ( excessive restlessness and movement ) weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body if you get any symptoms of infection and inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : tell your doctor immediately . do not take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue die because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids if they drink alcohol if their immune systems are very weak if they are overweight . signs of osteonecrosis include : stiffness in the joints aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) difficulty moving . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diabetes mellitus , difficulty sleeping , feeling anxious , feeling restless and unable to keep still , difficulty sitting still , uncontrollable twitching , jerking or writhing movements , restless legs , trembling , headache , tiredness , sleepiness , light - headedness , shaking and blurred vision , decreased number of or difficulty making bowel movements , indigestion , feeling sick , more saliva in mouth than normal , vomiting , feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood levels of the hormone prolactin , too much sugar in the blood , depression , altered or increased sexual interest , uncontrollable movements of mouth , tongue and limbs ( tardive dyskinesia ), muscle disorder causing twisting movements ( dystonia ), double vision , eye sensitivity to light , fast heartbeat , a fall in blood pressure on standing up which causes dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , hiccups . the following side effects have been reported since the marketing of oral aripiprazole but the frequency for them to occur is not known : low levels of white blood cells , low levels of blood platelets , allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue , face and throat , itching , hives ), onset or worsening of diabetes , ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma , high blood sugar , not enough sodium in the blood , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), weight loss , weight gain , thoughts of suicide , suicide attempt and suicide , feeling aggressive , agitation , nervousness , combination of fever , muscle stiffness , faster breathing , sweating , reduced consciousness and sudden changes in blood pressure and heart rate , fainting ( neuroleptic malignant syndrome ), seizure , serotonin syndrome ( a reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), 49 speech disorder , fixation of the eyeballs in one position , sudden unexplained death , life - threatening irregular heartbeat , heart attack , slower heartbeat , blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing ( if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately ), high blood pressure , fainting , accidental inhalation of food with risk of pneumonia ( lung infection ), spasm of the muscles around the voice box , inflammation of the pancreas , difficulty swallowing , diarrhoea , abdominal discomfort , stomach discomfort , liver failure , inflammation of the liver , yellowing of the skin and white part of eyes , reports of abnormal liver tests values , skin rash , skin sensitivity to light , baldness , excessive sweating , abnormal muscle breakdown which can lead to kidney problems , muscle pain , stiffness , involuntary loss of urine ( incontinence ), difficulty in passing urine , withdrawal symptoms in newborn babies in case of exposure during pregnancy , prolonged and / or painful erection , difficulty controlling core body temperature or overheating , chest pain , swelling of hands , ankles or feet , in blood tests : fluctuating blood sugar , increased glycosylated haemoglobin . inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive uncontrollable excessive shopping binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ) a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . in elderly patients with dementia , more fatal cases have been reported while taking aripiprazole . in addition , cases of stroke or " mini " stroke have been reported . additional side effects in children and adolescents 50 adolescents aged 13 years and older experienced side effects that were similar in frequency and type to those in adults except that sleepiness , uncontrollable twitching or jerking movements , restlessness , and tiredness were very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and upper abdominal pain , dry mouth , increased heart rate , weight gain , increased appetite , muscle twitching , uncontrolled movements of the limbs , and feeling dizzy , especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position , were common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported in patients taking cholestagel : 21 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flatulence ( wind ), constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , abnormal stools , feeling sick , bloating , headache , raised levels of triglycerides ( fats ) in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): muscle pain , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood , difficulty in swallowing . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): inflammation of the pancreas . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): blockage of the intestines ( which can increase among patients with a history of blockage of the intestines or intestinal removal ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or get medical help immediately if you have symptoms of a serious infection such as : fever , flu - like symptoms , night sweats feeling tired or short of breath , cough which will not go away warm , red and painful skin , or a painful skin rash with blisters your doctor will decide if you can keep using skyrizi . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you get any of the following side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people upper respiratory infections with symptoms such as sore throat and stuffy nose common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people feeling tired fungal skin infection injection site reactions ( such as redness or pain ) itching headache uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people small raised red bumps on the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - severe kidney impairment ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain specific blood tests ). - low level of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing sores inside the mouth or jaw , discharge , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva or after stopping treatment . - irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving zoledronic acid for postmenopausal osteoporosis . it is currently unclear whether zoledronic acid causes this irregular heart rhythm but you should report it to your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid . - severe allergic reaction : shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): − as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). − a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): − as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). − talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . − osteonecrosis has also very rarely been seen occurring with other bones than the jaw , especially the hip or thigh . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , pain or stiffness while being treated with zoledronic acid teva or after stopping treatment . tell your doctor about any of the following side effects as soon as possible : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , drowsiness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - conjunctivitis . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hypersensitivity reactions . - low blood pressure . - chest pain . - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , rash , itching . - high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . - weight increase . - increased sweating . - sleepiness . - blurred vision , tearing of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . - sudden coldness with fainting , limpness or collapse . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or coughing . - urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling of the eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - fainting due to low blood pressure . - severe bone , joint and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . certain side effects , such as headache , chills , or body aches , may be reduced by slowing the infusion rate . serious side effects infusions of medicines like hyqvia can occasionally result in serious , but rare , allergic reactions . you may experience a sudden fall in blood pressure and , in isolated cases , anaphylactic shock . doctors are aware of these possible side effects and will monitor you during and after the initial infusions . typical signs or symptoms include : feeling light - headed , dizzy or faint , skin rash and itchiness , swelling in the mouth or throat , difficulty breathing , wheezing , abnormal heart rate , chest pain , blueness of lips or fingers and toes , blurred vision . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of these signs during the infusion . when using hyqvia at home , you must perform the infusion in the presence of an assigned guardian person who will help you watch out for allergic reactions , stop the infusion , and get help if necessary . please also see section 2 of this leaflet about the risk of allergic reactions and using hyqvia at home . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 infusions ): infusion site pain , including mild to moderate discomfort and tenderness . these reactions usually go away within a few days . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 infusions ): reactions at the infusion site : these include redness , swelling , itching , hardening , and rash at the site of infusion . these reactions usually go away within a few days . headache , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , muscle or joint pain , chest pain , fever , feeling weak or unwell . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 infusions ): chills , migraine , increasedblood pressure , dizziness , abdominal bloating , skin rash / allergic rash / redness , itching , pain in chest , arms and / or legs , genital swelling ( resulting from spread of swelling from the infusion site ), swelling of the legs , feet and ankles , positive blood tests for antibodies . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity , influenza - like illness , and infusion site leakage , inflammation of the layers lining the brain ( aseptic meningitis ). side effects seen with similar medicines the following side effects have been observed with infusion of medicines like human normal immunoglobulin 10 % given under the skin ( subcutaneously ). although these side effects have so far not been seen with hyqvia , it is possible that someone using hyqvia may get them : trembling , oral tingling , fast heart beat , allergic reactions , flushing or pallor , coldness of hand or feet , shortness of breath , swelling of face , excessive sweating , muscle stiffness , change in liver function blood tests ( alanine aminotransferase increased ). the following rare side effects have been observed in patients using medicines like human normal immunoglobulin 10 % given into a vein ( intravenously ). these reactions have not been seen with hyqvia , but there is a small possibility that someone using hyqvia may get them : blood clots in blood vessels ( thromboembolic reactions ) leading to heart attack , stroke , blockage of deep veins , or of blood vessels supplying the lung ( pulmonary embolism ), kidney disorder or failure , destruction of red blood cells ( haemolysis ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by sustiva or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . the most notable unwanted effects reported with sustiva in combination with other anti - hiv medicines are skin rash and nervous system symptoms . you should consult your doctor if you have a rash , since some rashes may be serious ; however , most cases of rash disappear without any change to your treatment with sustiva . rash was more common in children than in adults treated with sustiva . the nervous system symptoms tend to occur when treatment is first started , but generally decrease in the first few weeks . in one study , nervous system symptoms often occurred during the first 1 - 3 hours after taking a dose . if you are affected your doctor may suggest that you take sustiva at bedtime and on an empty stomach . some patients have more serious symptoms that may affect mood or the ability to think clearly . some patients have actually committed suicide . these problems tend to occur more often in those who have a history of mental illness . always notify your doctor immediately if you have these symptoms or any side effects while taking sustiva . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , problems with coordination or balance - stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - itching - tiredness - feeling anxious , feeling depressed tests may show : - increased liver enzymes in the blood - increased trigycerides ( fatty acids ) in the blood uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - nervousness , forgetfulness , confusion , fitting ( seizures ), abnormal thoughts - blurred vision - a feeling of spinning or tilting ( vertigo ) - pain in the abdomen ( stomach ) caused by inflammation of the pancreas 94 - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) that may cause severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome ) - yellow skin or eyes , itching , or pain in the abdomen ( stomach ) caused by inflammation of the liver - breast enlargement in males - angry behaviour , mood being affected , seeing or hearing things that are not really there ( hallucinations ), mania ( mental condition characterised by episodes of overactivity , elation or irritability ), paranoia , suicidal thoughts , catatonia ( condition in which the patient is rendered motionless and speechless for a period ) - whistling , ringing or other persistent noise in the ears - tremor ( shaking ) - flushing tests may show : - increased cholesterol in the blood rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - itchy rash caused by a reaction to sunlight - liver failure , in some cases leading to death or liver transplant , has occurred with efavirenz . most cases occurred in patients who already had liver disease , but there have been a few reports in patients without any existing liver disease . - unexplained feelings of distress not associated with hallucinations , but it may be difficult to think clearly or sensibly - suicide reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the main side effects of erbitux are infusion - related side effects and side effects concerning the skin : infusion - related side effects more than 10 out of 100 patients are likely to experience infusion - related side effects ; in more than 1 out of 100 patients these side effects are likely to be severe . such reactions may be allergic in nature . they normally occur during the infusion , within 1 hour afterwards , or sometimes also after this period . mild or moderate infusion - related side effects include : fever chills dizziness breathing difficulties if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may consider reducing the infusion rate of erbitux to manage these symptoms . severe infusion - related side effects include : severe breathing difficulties which develop rapidly hives fainting chest pain ( a symptom of side effects on your heart ) if such symptoms occur , speak to a doctor immediately . these side effects may have serious consequences , in rare cases including life - threatening conditions , and require immediate attention . treatment with erbitux must then be stopped . side effects concerning the skin more than 80 out of 100 patients are likely to experience side effects involving the skin . in about 15 out of 100 patients these skin reactions are likely to be severe . most of these side effects develop within the first three weeks of treatment . they usually disappear over time after the end of erbitux therapy . main side effects concerning the skin include : acne - like skin alterations itching dry skin scaling excessive growth of hair nail disorders , for example inflammation of the nail bed in very rare cases ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) patients may experience blistering or peeling of the skin , which may indicate a severe skin reaction called " stevens - johnson syndrome ". if you experience these symptoms , please speak to a doctor immediately , because these signs may have serious consequences including life - threatening conditions . if you notice other extensive skin alterations , please inform your doctor as soon as possible because the erbitux dose or the time between infusions may need to be changed . your doctor will decide whether treatment has to be stopped if skin reactions reappear after several dose reductions . if you notice that already affected areas of your skin get worse , speak to a doctor immediately , especially if you also experience general signs of infection such as fever and tiredness . these signs may indicate a skin infection , which may have serious consequences including life - threatening conditions . side effects concerning the lungs in uncommon cases ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) patients may experience an inflammation of the lungs ( called interstitial lung disease ), which may have serious consequences including life - threatening conditions . if you notice symptoms such as occurrence or worsening of breathing difficulties , speak to a doctor immediately , especially if you also experience cough or fever . your doctor will decide whether treatment has to be stopped . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the lining of the intestine , mouth , and nose ( in some cases severe ), which may lead to nose bleeding in some patients decrease in blood levels of magnesium increase in blood levels of certain liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache tiredness irritation and redness of the eye diarrhoea drying out which may be due to diarrhoea or reduced fluid intake feeling sick vomiting loss of appetite , leading to weight decrease decrease in blood levels of calcium uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood clots in the veins of the legs blood clots in the lungs inflammation of the eye lid or the front part of the eye side effects of which the frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the lining of the brain ( aseptic meningitis ) side effects in combination with other anticancer treatments if you receive erbitux in combination with other anticancer medicines , some of the side effects you may experience can also be related to the combination or the other medicines . therefore , please make sure that you also read the package leaflet for the other medicines . if you receive erbitux in combination with anticancer medicines including platinum , it is more likely that your white blood cell count may be reduced . this may lead to infectious complications including life - threatening conditions , especially if you experience skin reactions , inflammation of the lining of the intestine and mouth or diarrhoea . therefore , if you experience general signs of infection such as fever and tiredness , please speak to a doctor immediately . if you receive erbitux in combination with an anticancer medicine containing fluoropyrimidines , it is more likely that you experience the following side effects of this other medicine : chest pain heart attack heart failure redness and swelling of the palms of the hands or the soles of the feet which may cause the skin to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you receive erbitux with radiation therapy , some of the side effects you may experience can also be related to this combination , such as : inflammation of the lining of the intestine and mouth skin reactions typical for radiation therapy difficulty in swallowing reduction in the number of white blood cells 34 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice any of these , contact your doctor . serious side effects the most serious side effects are shallow breathing , low blood pressure and shock . effentora like other fentanyl products can cause very severe breathing problems which can lead to death . if you become very sleepy or have slow and / or shallow breathing , you or your carer should contact your doctor immediately and call for emergency help . contact your doctor immediately if you experience a combination of the following symptoms - nausea , vomiting , anorexia , fatigue , weakness , dizziness and low blood pressure together these symptoms may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called adrenal insufficiency . a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough hormones . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , headache feeling nauseous , vomiting at the site of tablet application : pain , ulcer , irritation , bleeding , numbness , loss of sensation , redness , swelling or spots common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people feeling anxious or confused , depression , insomnia abnormal taste , weight decreased sleepiness , sedation , excessive tiredness , weakness , migraine , numbness , swelling of arms or legs , drug withdrawal syndrome ( may manifest by the occurrence of the following side effects nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , anxiety , chills , tremor , and sweating ), shaking , falls , chills constipation , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , diarrhoea , heartburn , loss of appetite , stomach pain , uncomfortable stomach , indigestion , toothache , oral thrush itching , excessive sweating , rash shortness of breath , painful throat decrease in white cells in the blood , decrease in red blood cells , decreased or raised blood pressure , unusually fast heart rate muscle pain , back pain fatigue uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people sore throat decrease in cells that help the blood to clot , 47 feeling elated , nervous , abnormal , jittery or slow ; seeing or hearing things that are not really there ( hallucinations ), reduced consciousness , change in mental state , dependence ( reliance on the medicine , addiction ), disorientation , lack of concentration , loss of balance , vertigo , problem with speaking , ringing in the ear , ear discomfort disturbed or blurred vision , red eye unusually low heart rate , feeling very warm ( hot flushes ), severe breathing problems , trouble breathing during sleep , one or more of the following problems in the mouth : ulcer , loss of sensation , discomfort , unusual colour , soft tissue disorder , tongue disorder , painful or blistered or ulcerated tongue , gum pain , chapped lips , tooth disorder inflammation of the oesophagus , paralysis of the gut , gall bladder disorder cold sweat , swollen face , generalised itching , hair loss , muscle twitching , muscular weakness , feeling unwell , chest discomfort , thirst , feeling cold , feeling hot , difficulty passing urine malaise flushing rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people disturbance in thinking , movements disturbance blisters in the mouth , dry lips , collection of pus under the skin in the mouth lack of testosterone , abnormal sensation in eye , observing flashes of light , brittle nails allergic reactions such as rash , redness , swollen lip and face , hives not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data loss of consciousness , stop in breathing , convulsion ( fits ) lack of sex hormones ( androgen deficiency ) drug dependence ( addiction ) drug abuse delirium ( symptoms may include a combination of agitation , restlessness , disorientation , confusion , fear , seeing or hearing things that are not really there , sleep disturbance , nightmares ) prolonged treatment with fentanyl during pregnancy may cause withdrawal symptoms in the newborn which can be life - threatening ( see section 2 ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop skin rash ( very common ) / burning or prickling sensation ( common ), or fever ( common ). rarely , skin reactions may be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) side effects with pemetrexed sandoz may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level diarrhoea vomiting pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth nausea loss of appetite fatigue ( tiredness ) skin rash flaking skin abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of body fluids taste change damage to the motor nerves which may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , burning pain and unsteady gait dizziness inflammation or swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye dry eye watery eyes dryness of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids eye disorder with dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or pain cardiac failure ( condition that affects the pumping power of your heart muscles ) irregular heart rhythm indigestion constipation 41 abdominal pain liver : increases in the chemicals in the blood made by the liver increased skin pigmentation itchy skin rash on the body where each mark resembles a bullseye hair loss hives kidney stop working reduced functionality of kidney fever pain excess fluid in body tissue , causing swelling chest pain inflammation and ulceration of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of red , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) heart attack narrowing or blockage of the coronary arteries abnormal heart rythm deficient blood distribution to the limbs blockage in one of the pulmonary arteries in your lungs inflammation and scarring of the lining of the lungs with breathing problems passage of bright red blood from the anus bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract ruptured bowel inflammation of the lining of the oesophagus inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) inflammation , edema , erythema , and erosion of the mucosal surface of the esophagus caused by radiation therapy inflammation of the lung caused by radiation therapy rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver redness of the skin skin rash that develops throughout a previously irradiated area very rare ( affect up to 1 of 10 000 people ) infections of skin and soft tissues stevens - johnson syndrome ( a type of severe skin and mucous membranes reaction that may be life threatening ) toxic epidermal necrolysis ( a type of severe skin reaction that may be life threatening ) autoimmune disorder that results in skin rashes and blistering on the legs , arms , and abdomen inflammation of the skin characterized by the presence of bullae which are filled with fluid skin fragility , blisters and erosions and skin scarring redness , pain and swelling mainly of the lower limbs inflammation of the skin and fat beneath the skin ( pseudocellulitis ) 42 inflammation of the skin ( dermatitis ) skin to become inflamed , itchy , red , cracked , and rough intensely itchy spots not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) form of diabetes primarily due to pathology of the kidney disorder of the kidneys involving the death of tubular epithelial cells that form the renal tubules you might have any of these symptoms and / or conditions . you must tell your doctor as soon as possible when you start experiencing any of these side effects . if you are concerned about any side effects , talk to your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using the medicine and contact your doctor immediately if you : - develop swelling of the face , throat , lips or tongue ( with or without difficulty breathing or swallowing ), severe itchy bumps on the skin ( hives ) as these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . frequency of this reactin cannot be estimated from the available data . - develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheeing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called " paradoxical bronchospasm ", which is an excessive and prolonged contraction of the airway muscles immediately following treatment with a bronchodilator . this reaction may rarely occur ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). some side effects may be serious : if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - muscle weakness , twitching and / or abnormal heart rhythm , as these may be signs of a decrease in the amount of potassium in your blood - tiredness , increased thirst and / or a need to pass urine more frequently than usual , as these may be signs of an increase in the amount of sugar in your blood - palpitations , as these may be a sign of an unusually fast heart beat or an abnormal heart rhythm rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , throat , lips or face , skin rash and / or itching - these may be signs of an allergic reaction other side effects which may occur while using brimica genuair : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - combination of sore throat and runny nose these may be signs of nasopharyngitis - headache - painful and / or frequent urination these may be signs of a urinary tract infection - cough - diarrhoea - a blocked , runny or stuffy nose and / or pain or a feeling of pressure in the cheeks or forehead these may be symptoms of sinusitis - dizziness - muscle cramps - nausea ( feeling sick ) - difficulty sleeping - dry mouth - muscle pain - abscess ( infection ) in the tissues at the base of a tooth - increased blood levels of a protein found in muscle called creatine phosphokinase - shaking / tremor - anxiety uncommon - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - chest pain or tightness in the chest ( angina pectoris ) - blurred vision - changes in the sound of the voice ( dysphonia ) - difficulty passing urine or a feeling that your bladder has not completely emptied ( urinary retention ) - an abnormal heart trace ( qt interval prolongation ) potentially leading to an abnormal heart rhythm - distorted sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) - throat irritation - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - increased blood pressure - agitation - rash - itching of the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - injection site reactions : injection site pain , redness of the skin at injection site ( injection / application site erythema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - burning sensation , headache , neuralgia ( intense , typically intermittent pain along the course of a nerve ), tremor ( an involuntary quivering movement ) - vessels : flushing ( sudden reddening of the face and / or neck ), haematoma ( a bruise , a black and blue mark ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - stomach : diarrhea , nausea ( feeling sick ) - liver : abnormal liver function - skin : hyperhidrosis ( excessive sweat ), rash , toxic skin eruption ( acute skin affections with measles - type erythema of the skin , potentially including blisters and ulcerations ) - muscles and bones : limb discomfort , pain in extremity - injection site conditions : injection site irritation , pain and discomfort around the injection site , injection site haematoma ( a bruise , a black and blue mark at injection site ), injection site warmth , tiredness , feeling hot , pyrexia ( raised body temperature , a fever ) - abnormal blood test : increased blood creatinine levels ( reduced kidney function ) this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects please talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 34 listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious effects tecfidera may lower lymphocyte counts ( a type of white blood cell ). having a low white blood cell count can increase your risk of infection , including the risk of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). pml may lead to severe disability or death . pml has occurred after 1 to 5 years of treatment and so your physician should continue to monitor your white blood cells throughout your treatment , and you should remain observant of any potential symptoms of pml as described below . the risk of pml may be higher if you have previously taken a medicine impairing the functionality of your body ' s immune system . the symptoms of pml may be similar to an ms relapse . symptoms may include new or worsening weakness on one side of the body ; clumsiness ; changes in vision , thinking , or memory ; or confusion or personality changes , or speech and communication difficulties lasting for more than several days . therefore , if you believe your ms is getting worse or if you notice any new symptoms while you are on tecfidera treatment , it is very important that you speak to your doctor as soon as possible . also speak with your partner or caregivers and inform them about your treatment . symptoms might arise that you might not become aware of by yourself . call your doctor straight away if you experience any of these symptoms severe allergic reactions the frequency of severe allergic reactions cannot be estimated from the available data ( not known ). reddening of the face or body ( flushing ) is a very common side effect . however , should flushing be accompanied by a red rash or hives and you get any of these symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue ( angioedema ) - wheezing , difficulty breathing or shortness of breath ( dyspnoea , hypoxia ) - dizziness or loss of consciousness ( hypotension ) then this may represent a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) stop taking tecfidera and call a doctor straight away very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : - reddening of the face or body feeling warm , hot , burning or itchy ( flushing ) - loose stools ( diarrhoea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain or stomach cramps taking your medicine with food can help to reduce the side effects above substances called ketones , which are naturally produced in the body , very commonly show up in urine tests while taking tecfidera . talk to your doctor about how to manage these side effects . your doctor may reduce your dose . do not reduce your dose unless your doctor tells you to . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : - inflammation of the lining of the intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ) - gastrointestinal disorder - burning sensation - hot flush , feeling hot - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - rash - pink or red blotches on the skin ( erythema ) side effects which may show up in your blood or urine tests - low levels of white blood cells ( lymphopenia , leucopenia ) in the blood . reduced white blood cells could mean your body is less able to fight an infection . if you have a serious infection ( such as pneumonia ), talk to your doctor immediately - proteins ( albumin ) in urine - increase in levels of liver enzymes ( alt , ast ) in the blood uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - reduction in blood platelets not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - liver inflammation and increase in levels of liver enzymes ( alt or ast in combination with bilirubin ) - herpes zoster ( shingles ) with symptoms such as blisters , burning , itching or pain of the skin , typically on one side of the upper body or the face , and other symptoms , like fever and weakness in the early stages of infection , followed by numbness , itching or red patches with severe pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increased appetite . feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability . disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal . blurred vision , double vision . vertigo , problems with balance , fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen . difficulties with erection . swelling of the body including extremities . feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking . weight gain . muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , pain in limb . sore throat . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar . change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , dizziness on standing , sensitive skin , loss of taste , burning sensation , tremor on movement , decreased consciousness , loss of consciousness , fainting , increased sensitivity to noise , feeling unwell . dry eyes , eye swelling , eye pain , weak eyes , watery eyes , eye irritation . heart rhythm disturbances , increased heart rate , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heartbeat , heart failure . flushing , hot flushes . difficulty breathing , dry nose , nasal congestion . increased saliva production , heartburn , numb around mouth . sweating , rash , chills , fever . muscle twitching , joint swelling , muscle stiffness , pain including muscle pain , neck pain . breast pain . difficulty with or painful urination , incontinence . weakness , thirst , chest tightness . changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ). hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . increased fluid in the abdomen . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ). jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report any side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine may cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you can have a serious allergic reaction to veyvondi . you must stop the infusion and contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following early symptoms of severe allergic reactions : - rash or hives , itching all over the body , - tightness of the throat , chest pain or chest tightness , - difficulty breathing , light headedness , fast heartbeat , - dizziness , nausea or fainting . side effects that have been reported with veyvondi that can occur commonly ( up to 1 in 10 patients ) are : nausea , vomiting , tingling or burning at infusion site , chest discomfort , dizziness , vertigo , blood clots , hot flushes , itching , high blood pressure , muscle twitching , unusual taste , and increased heart rate . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , comirnaty can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people injection site : pain , swelling tiredness headache muscle pain joint pain chills , fever common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people injection site redness nausea 26 uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people enlarged lymph nodes feeling unwell pain in limb insomnia injection site itching rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people temporary one sided facial drooping not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reaction reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v and include batch / lot number if available . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately or get urgent medical attention if you have side effects such as : - sudden wheezing , difficulty breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , tongue , lips , throat or hands ; rash or itching especially over your whole body . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you start to breathe more slowly or weakly than usual ( respiratory depression ). - if you start to feel faint , as this may be a sign of low blood pressure . also tell your doctor immediately if you get side effects such as : - severe tiredness , have no appetite or if your skin or eyes look yellow . these may be symptoms of liver damage . other side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - insomnia ( inability to sleep ) - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection , influenza , sore throat and painful swallowing , runny nose - swollen glands ( lymph nodes ) - hypersensitivity - decreased appetite - anxiety , agitation , depression , hostility , nervousness , abnormal thinking , paranoia - sleepiness , feeling dizzy , migraine , burning or tingling in hands and feet , fainting , tremor , increase in muscle tension , speech disorders - watery eyes , abnormal widening or narrowing of the pupil ( the dark part of the eye ) - palpitations - low blood pressure - cough , shortness of breath , yawning , asthma , bronchitis - constipation , vomiting ( being sick ), belly pain , flatulence ( wind ), indigestion , dry mouth , diarrhoea - rash , itching , hives - joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , neck pain , bone pain - painful period - injection site reactions e . g . pain , itching , red skin , swelling and hardening of skin , swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers , weakness , feeling unwell , fever , chills , drug withdrawal syndrome in the new - born , chest pain - abnormal liver test results uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin infection at the injection site - a feeling of dizziness or spinning ( vertigo ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - hallucinations , feeling happiness and excitement ( euphoria ) 69 - abnormal redness of the skin - painful or difficult urination reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 children ) tooth abscess ( infection ) cough headache vomiting nausea diarrhoea constipation tooth decay or cavities rash pain in muscles ( myalgia ) and hands and feet reactions where the injection was given , which may include : o redness or rash o pain or itching o swelling o bleeding or bruising 34 these injection site reactions are usually mild and occur within a day after the injection and usually get better in around 1 to 3 days . fever low vitamin d in your blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 children ) dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be or could become serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - coughing with phlegm , chest discomfort , fever ( signs of lung disorders ) - herpes virus infection ( shingles or herpes zoster ) with symptoms such as blisters , burning , itching or pain of the skin , typically on the upper body or the face . other symptoms may be fever and weakness in the early stages of infection , followed by numbness , itching or red patches with severe pain - slow heartbeat ( bradycardia ), irregular heart rhythm 51 - a type of skin cancer called basal cell carcinoma ( bcc ) which often appears as a pearly nodule , although it can also take other forms - depression and anxiety are known to occur with increased frequency in the ms population and have also been reported in paediatric patients treated with fingolimod accord . - weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - pneumonia with symptoms such as fever , cough , difficulty breathing - macular oedema ( swelling in the central vision area of the retina at the back of the eye ) with symptoms such as shadows or blind spot in the centre of the vision , blurred vision , problems seeing colours or details - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - malignant melanoma ( a type of skin cancer which usually develops from an unusual mole ). possible signs of melanoma include moles which may change size , shape , elevation or colour over time , or new moles . the moles may itch , bleed or ulcerate - convulsion , fits ( more frequent in children and adolescents than in adults ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). symptoms may include sudden onset of severe headache , confusion , seizures and / or vision disturbances - lymphoma ( a type of cancer that affects the lymph system ) - squamous cell carcinoma : a type of skin cancer which may present as a firm red nodule , a sore with crust , or a new sore on an existing scar very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - electrocardiogram anomaly ( t - wave inversion ) - tumour related to infection with human herpes virus 8 ( kaposi ' s sarcoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions , including symptoms of rash or itchy hives , swelling of lips , tongue or face , which are more likely to occur on the day you start fingolimod accord treatment - risk of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). the symptoms of pml may be similar to an ms relapse . symptoms might also arise that you might not become aware of by yourself , such as changes in mood or behaviour , memory lapses , speech and communication difficulties , which your doctor may need to investigate further to rule out pml . therefore , if you believe your ms is getting worse or if you or those close to you notice any new or unusual symptoms , it is very important that you speak to your doctor as soon as possible - cryptococcal infections ( a type of fungal infection ), including cryptococcal meningitis with symptoms such as headache accompanied by stiff neck , sensitivity to light , nausea , and / or confusion - merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ). possible signs of merkel cell carcinoma include flesh - coloured or bluish - red , painless nodule , often on the face , head or neck . merkel cell carcinoma can also present as a firm painless nodule or mass . long - term exposure to the sun and a weak immune system can affect the risk of developing merkel cell carcinoma - after fingolimod accord treatment is stopped , symptoms of ms can return and may become worse than they were before or during treatment . - autoimmune form of anaemia ( decreased amount of red blood cells ) where red blood cells are destroyed ( autoimmune haemolytic anaemia ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 52 - infection from flu virus with symptoms such as tiredness , chills , sore throat , aching in the joints or muscles , fever - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - headache - diarrhoea - back pain - blood testing showing higher levels of liver enzymes - cough common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - ringworm , a fungal infection of the skin ( tinea versicolor ) - dizziness - severe headache often accompanied by nausea , vomiting and sensitivity to light ( migraine ) - low level of white blood cells ( lymphocytes , leucocytes ) - weakness - itchy , red , burning rash ( eczema ) - itching - blood fat ( triglycerides ) level increased - hair loss - breathlessness - depression - blurred vision ( see also the section on macular oedema under " some side effects could be or could become serious ") - hypertension ( fingolimod accord may cause a mild increase in blood pressure ) - muscle pain - joint pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low level of certain white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - depressed mood - nausea rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( lymphoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - peripheral swelling if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of angioedema , such as : swollen face , tongue or pharynx difficulty to swallow hives and difficulties to breathe . during clinical trials and after the vaccine came on the market , the following side effects were reported with the use of idflu . very common reactions ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - at the injection site : redness , hardness , swelling , itching and pain . - headache and muscular pain . common reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bruising at the injection site . - feeling generally unwell , fever ( 38 . 0 or higher ) and shivering . uncommon reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , joint pain and increased sweating . rare reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - tingling or numbness , inflammation of nerves , itching and rash . reactions of not known frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions including skin reactions that may spread throughout the body such as hives , severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions ), swollen face , tongue or pharynx , difficulty to swallow , hives and difficulties to breathe ( angioedema ), failure of the circulatory system ( shock ) leading to medical emergency . most of side effects listed above disappeared without treatment within 1 to 3 days after onset . in some cases , redness at the injection site lasted up to 7 days . the following side effects have been reported with other vaccines given to prevent flu . these side effects may occur with idflu . temporary reduction in the number of blood particles called platelets which can result in bruising or bleeding , temporary swelling of the glands in the neck , armpit or groin . pain located on the nerve route , convulsions associated with fever , nervous system disorders including inflammation of the brain or spinal cord or guillain - barré syndrome which causes extreme weakness and paralysis . vessel inflammation which may result in very rare cases in temporary kidney problems . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may experience diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache or headache during the first weeks of treatment with libertek . talk to your doctor if these side effects do not resolve within the first weeks of treatment . some side effects could be serious . in clinical studies and post - marketing experience , rare instances of suicidal thinking and behaviour ( including suicide ) were reported . please notify your doctor immediately 27 of any suicidal thoughts you may have . you may also experience sleeplessness ( common ), anxiety ( uncommon ), nervousness ( rare ), panic attack ( rare ) or depressive mood ( rare ). in uncommon cases allergic reactions may occur . allergic reactions may affect the skin and in rare cases cause swelling of the eyelids , face , lips and tongue , possibly leading to difficulties in breathing and / or a drop in blood pressure and accelerated heartbeat . in case of an allergic reaction , stop taking libertek and contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department in the nearest hospital . take all your medicines and this leaflet with you and provide full information of your current medications . other side effects include the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache - weight decrease , decreased appetite - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - trembling , sensation of spinning head ( vertigo ), dizziness - sensation of rapid or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ) - gastritis , vomiting - reflux of stomach acid to the gullet ( acid regurgitations ), indigestion - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness or cramps - back pain - feeling of weakness or tiredness , feeling unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - male breast enlargement - decreased sense of taste - respiratory tract infections ( excluding pneumonia ) - bloody stools , constipation - elevation of liver or muscle enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) - wheals ( urticaria ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your child ' s doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible serious side effects : tell your child ' s doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( can affect up to 1 in every 1 , 000 patients ) but serious side effect that can be fatal . the following side effects may be signs of lactic acidosis : deep , rapid breathing drowsiness feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and stomach pain if you think that your child may have lactic acidosis , contact your child ' s doctor immediately . other possible serious side effects the following side effects are uncommon ( this can affect up to 1 in every 100 patients ): pain in the tummy ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the pancreas damage to kidney tubule cells the following side effects are rare ( these can affect up to 1 in every 1 , 000 patients ): inflammation of the kidney , passing a lot of urine and feeling thirsty changes to your child ' s urine and back pain caused by kidney problems , including kidney failure softening of the bones ( with bone pain and sometimes resulting in fractures ), which may occur due to damage to kidney tubule cells fatty liver if you think that your child may have any of these serious side effects , talk to your child ' s doctor . most frequent side effects the following side effects are very common ( these can affect at least 10 in every 100 patients ): diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), dizziness , rash , feeling weak tests may also show : decreases in phosphate in the blood other possible side effects the following side effects are common ( these can affect up to 10 in every 100 patients ): flatulence tests may also show : liver problems the following side effects are uncommon ( these can affect up to 1 in every 100 patients ): breakdown of muscle , muscle pain or weakness tests may also show : decreases in potassium in the blood increased creatinine in your child ' s blood pancreas problems the breakdown of muscle , softening of the bones ( with bone pain and sometimes resulting in fractures ), muscle pain , muscle weakness and decreases in potassium or phosphate in the blood may occur due to damage to kidney tubule cells . the following side effects are rare ( these can affect up to 1 in every 1 , 000 patients ): pain in the tummy ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the liver swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your child ' s doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). you start to feel tired , or have muscle weakness or cramps , this may be a sign that your blood potassium has become too low . talk to your doctor immediately if these symptoms become severe . you start to have a build up of fluid in the tissues , leading to swelling anywhere in your body ( usually in the feet and ankles ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). you start to have abdominal pain or discomfort , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea or constipation . you start to have itching of the skin or recognise redness or scaling of your skin . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects were reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea 21 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) asthenia ( feeling of weakness ) headache loss of hair itching rash ( eruption on the skin ) abnormal level of sodium in the blood abnormal level of potassium in the blood increase of transaminases ( liver enzymes ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) stomach ache reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . to reduce the chance of side effects your doctor will prescribe the lowest dose of this combination of drugs to control your asthma or copd . allergic reactions : you may notice your breathing suddenly gets worse immediately after using aerivio spiromax . you may be very wheezy and cough or be short of breath . you may also notice itching , a rash ( hives ) and swelling ( usually of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), or you may suddenly feel that your heart is beating very fast or you feel faint and light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ). if you get any of these effects or if they happen suddenly after using aerivio spiromax , stop using aerivio spiromax and tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions to aerivio spiromax are uncommon ( they may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects are listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache - this usually gets better as treatment continues . increased number of colds have been reported in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) thrush ( sore , creamy - yellow , raised patches ) in the mouth and throat . also sore tongue and hoarse voice and throat irritation . rinsing your mouth out with water and spitting it out immediately and / or brushing your teeth after taking each dose of your medicine may help . your doctor may prescribe an anti - fungal medicine to treat the thrush . aching , swollen joints and muscle pain . muscle cramps . the following side effects have also been reported in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ): pneumonia and bronchitis ( lung infection ). tell your doctor if you notice any of the following symptoms while taking aerivio spiromax as they could be symptoms of a lung infection : fever or chills ; increased mucus production , changes in mucus colour ; increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . bruising and fractures . inflammation of sinuses ( sinusitis , a feeling of tension or fullness in the nose , cheeks and behind the eyes , sometimes with a throbbing ache ). a reduction in the amount of potassium in the blood ( you may get an uneven heartbeat , muscle weakness , cramp ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increases in the amount of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood ( hyperglycaemia ). if you have diabetes , more frequent blood sugar monitoring and possibly adjustment of your usual diabetic treatment may be required . cataract ( cloudy lens in the eye ). very fast heart beat ( tachycardia ). feeling shaky ( tremor ) and fast or uneven heart beat ( palpitations ) - these are usually harmless and get less as treatment continues . chest pain . feeling worried ( although this effect occurs mainly in children when prescribed this combination of drugs but in a lower strength ). disturbed sleep . allergic skin rash . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) breathing difficulties or wheezing that gets worse straight after taking aerivio spiromax . if this happens stop using your aerivio spiromax inhaler . use your fast acting ' reliever ' inhaler to help your breathing and tell your doctor straight away . aerivio spiromax may affect the normal production of steroid hormones in the body , particularly if you have taken high doses for long periods of time . the effects include : slowing of growth in children and adolescents thinning of the bones glaucoma weight gain rounded ( moon shaped ) face ( cushing ' s syndrome ) your doctor will check you regularly for any of these side effects and make sure you are taking the lowest dose of this combination of drugs to control your asthma . behavioural changes , such as being unusually active and irritable ( although these effects occur mainly in children when prescribed this combination of drugs but in a lower strength ). uneven or irregular heart beat or an extra heart beat ( arrhythmias ). tell your doctor , but do not stop taking aerivio spiromax unless the doctor tells you to stop . a fungal infection in the oesophagus ( food canal ), which might cause difficulties in swallowing . frequency not known , but may also occur : depression or aggression ( although these effects are more likely to occur in children when prescribed this combination of drugs but in a lower strength ). blurred vision 39 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v *. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine or its combination with pld can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you are not sure what the side effects below are , you should ask your doctor to explain them to you in more detail . serious side effects caused by the treatment with yondelis : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people you could have increased levels of the yellow pigment bilirubin in the blood which might cause jaundice ( a yellowing of the skin , mucous membranes and eyes ). your doctor will order regular blood tests to detect any abnormalities in the blood . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people you may also have blood infections ( sepsis ) if your immune system is greatly compromised . if you have fever you should seek medical attention immediately . you could also feel pain in your muscles ( myalgia ). there could also be damage to your nerves which may result in muscle pain , weakness and numbness . you could experience general swelling or swelling of the limbs and a sensation of creeping on the skin . you may have a reaction at the site of injection . yondelis infusion may leak out of your vein while you are being given it , leading to damage and death of your tissue cells around the injection site ( tissue necrosis , see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ") which may require surgery . you could have an allergic reaction . in this case you may experience fever , difficulty in breathing , redness or flushing of the skin or a rash , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). when yondelis is used in combination with pld , you may have syncope also called fainting . furthermore , you could feel like your heart is beating too hard or too fast in your chest ( palpitations ), have a weakness in the ventricles , the heart ' s major pumping chambers ( left ventricular dysfunction ), or a sudden blockage in a lung artery ( pulmonary embolism ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people you may feel severe muscle aches and pain , stiffness and muscle weakness . you also may experience a darkening of the urine colour . all the previously described , could be a sign of damage to your muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ). your doctor may require blood tests in certain situations in order to avoid that you develop muscle damage ( rhabdomyolysis ). in very severe cases this could lead to kidney failure . if you experience severe muscle pain or weakness , you should seek medical attention immediately . you may experience difficulty in breathing , irregular heartbeat , decreased urine output , abrupt change in mental status , areas of mottled skin , extremely low blood pressure associated with abnormal laboratory test results ( decrease in platelet count ). if you get any of the above symptoms or signs , seek medical care immediately . you may experience an abnormal build - up of fluid in the lungs , which leads to swelling ( pulmonary oedema ). you may notice unexplained partial or general swelling ( oedema ), with possible lightheadedness , dizziness or thirst ( low blood pressure ). it could be a sign of a condition ( capillary leak syndrome ) that can cause excessive accumulation of fluid in your tissues . if you get the above symptoms or signs , seek medical care immediately . you may notice that yondelis infusion leaks out of your vein ( extravasation ) while you are being given it . then you will notice some redness , swelling , itchiness and discomfort at the injection site . if you get any of these symptoms or signs , tell your nurse or doctor immediately . it could lead to damage and death of your tissue cells around the injection site ( tissue necrosis ) which may require surgery . some of the symptoms or signs of extravasation may not be visible until several hours after it occurred . there may be blistering , peeling and darkening of the skin over the site . it is possible for it to take a few days before the full extent of tissue damage is visible . if you get any of the previous described symptoms or signs , seek medical care immediately . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people you may experience yellowing of your skin and eyeballs ( jaundice ), pain in the upper right area of your abdomen , nausea , vomiting , a general sense of not feeling well , difficulty in concentrating , disorientation or confusion , sleepiness . these signs could be indicative of the inability of the liver to perform its normal function . if you get any of the previous described symptoms or signs , seek medical care immediately . other less serious side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people you may : feel tired feel difficulty breathing and coughing feel pain in your back and joints feel an excess of fluid in the body ( oedema ) bruise more easily have nose bleeds be more prone to infections . an infection could also give you a raised temperature ( fever ). if you develop any of these symptoms you should seek medical attention immediately . you may present some digestive symptoms such as loss of appetite , sick ( nausea ) or vomit , pain in the abdomen , diarrhoea or constipation . if you still feel sick , vomit or are unable to drink fluids and therefore pass less urine , despite being given anti - sickness medicine , you should immediately seek medical help . you may experience headache and sleeping problems . you could have mucosal inflammation as a swelling redness of the inside of the mouth leading to painful ulcers and mouth sores inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), or as an inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract when yondelis is used with pld . patients receiving yondelis plus pld for ovarian cancer may also have the hand and foot syndrome . it may present as red skin of the palms , fingers , and soles of the feet that later may become swollen and violaceous . the lesions may either dry out and desquamate , or blister with ulceration . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people you may experience , loss of water from the body , weight loss , digestive discomfort and a change in your sense of taste . you may lose hair ( alopecia ). you could also experience dizziness , low blood pressure and flushing or skin rash . higher skin pigmentation could occur in patients receiving yondelis with pld for ovarian cancer . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 40 appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for : risk of acute pancreatitis ( an inflamed pancreas ) pancreatitis has been reported as an uncommon side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 100 people . pancreatitis can be severe and life - threatening . if you get : severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain that does not go away , this can be a symptom of pancreatitis . the pain may happen with or without you being sick ( vomiting ). you may feel the pain going from your front ( abdomen ) through to your back . stop taking eperzan and talk to your doctor straight away severe allergic reactions these are rare in people taking eperzan ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ). signs include : raised and itchy rashes , swelling , sometimes of the face , mouth or throat , causing difficulty in breathing . get medical help immediately if you get these symptoms . stop taking eperzan . other side effects reported with eperzan very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people : low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when you use eperzan in combination with insulin or sulphonylurea . the warning signs of low blood sugar may include cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , feeling drowsy , weakness , dizziness , feeling confused or irritable , feeling hungry , fast heart beat and feeling jittery . your doctor will tell you what to do if you get low blood sugar . diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) rash , redness or itching of the skin where you have injected eperzan common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : chest infection ( pneumonia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if you use eperzan on its own or in combination with metformin or pioglitazone irregular heartbeat 52 being sick ( vomiting ) constipation indigestion heartburn ( gastro - oesophageal reflux ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : bowel obstruction rare : may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ); this includes symptoms such as local or widespread rash , redness or itching of the skin and difficulty breathing ( also see ' conditions you need to look out for ' at the beginning of this section ) in addition some other side effects have been reported ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ): reduced appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are described below : very rare serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a hypersensitivity reaction ( serious allergic reaction including anaphylaxis , angioedema , drug rash with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress )) has been reported , in some cases during administration of 42 daptomycin . this serious allergic reaction needs immediate medical attention . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : - chest pain or tightness , - rash with blistering , sometimes affecting the mouth and genitals , - swelling around throat , - rapid or weak pulse , - wheezing , - fever , - shivering or trembling , - hot flushes , - dizziness , - fainting , - metallic taste . tell your doctor straight away if you experience unexplained muscle pain , tenderness , or weakness . in very rare cases ( reported in less than 1 in every 10 , 000 patients ), muscle problems can be serious , including muscle breakdown ( rhabdomyolysis ), which can result in kidney damage . serious side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a rare but potentially serious lung disorder called eosinophilic pneumonia has been reported in patients given daptomycin , mostly after more than 2 weeks of treatment . the symptoms can include difficulty breathing , new or worsening cough , or new or worsening fever . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you experience raised or fluid - filled skin spots over a large area of your body , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . the most frequently reported side effects are described below : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - fungal infections such as thrush , - urinary tract infection , - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), - dizziness , anxiety , difficulty in sleeping , - headache , - fever , weakness ( asthenia ), - high or low blood pressure , - constipation , abdominal pain , - diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), - flatulence , - abdominal swelling or bloating , - skin rash or itching , - pain , itchiness or redness at the site of infusion , - pain in arms or legs , - blood testing showing higher levels of liver enzymes or creatine phosphokinase ( cpk ). other side effects which may occur following daptomycin treatment are described below : uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - blood disorders ( e . g . increased number of small blood particles called platelets , which may increase the tendency for blood clotting , or higher levels of certain types of white blood cells ), - decreased appetite , - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , taste disturbance , 43 - trembling , - changes in heart rhythm , flushes , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), inflammation of the tongue , - itchy rash of skin , - muscle pain , cramping , or weakness , inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ), joint pain , - kidney problems , - inflammation and irritation of the vagina , - general pain or weakness , tiredness ( fatigue ), - blood test showing increased levels of blood sugar , serum creatinine , myoglobin , or lactate dehydrogenase ( ldh ), prolonged blood clotting time or imbalance of salts , - itchy eyes . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - yellowing of the skin and eyes , - prothrombin time prolonged . frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data antibacterial - associated colitis , including pseudomembranous colitis ( severe or persistent diarrhoea containing blood and / or mucus , associated with abdominal pain or fever ), easy bruising , bleeding gums , or nosebleeds . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may be serious . stop taking entresto and seek immediate medical attention if you notice any swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of angioedema ( an uncommon side effect which may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other possible side effects : if any of the side effects listed below becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure ( dizziness , light - headedness ) high level of potassium in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) decreased renal function ( renal impairment ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) cough dizziness diarrhoea low level of red blood cells ( shown in a blood test ) tiredness ( acute ) renal failure ( severe kidney disorder ) low level of potassium in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) headache fainting weakness feeling sick ( nausea ) low blood pressure ( dizziness , light - headedness ) when switching from sitting or lying to standing position gastritis ( stomach pain , nausea ) spinning sensation low level of sugar in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction with rash and itching dizziness when switching from sitting to standing position reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , tekturna can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( affecting less than 1 in 10 patients ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( affecting less than 1 in 100 patients ): skin rash . rare ( affecting less than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ): angioedema ( difficulties in breathing , or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): kidney problems . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of sildenafil are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking sildenafil actavis and seek medical help immediately : - an allergic reaction - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms include sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing or dizziness , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or throat . - chest pains - this occurs uncommonly if this occurs during or after intercourse - get in a semi - sitting position and try to relax . - do not use nitrates to treat your chest pain . - prolonged and sometimes painful erections - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you have an erection which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely - serious skin reactions - this occurs rarely symptoms may include severe peeling and swelling of the skin , blistering of the mouth , genitals and around the eyes , fever . - seizures or fits - this occurs rarely other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal 35 pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , bleeding at the back of the eye , double vision , reduced sharpness of vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , swelling of the eye or eyelid , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing halos around lights , dilation of the pupil of the eye , discolouration of the white of the eye , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , dry nose , swelling of the inside of the nose , feeling irritable and sudden decrease or loss of hearing . from post - marketing experience cases of unstable angina ( a heart condition ) and sudden death have been reported rarely . of note , most , but not all , of the men who experienced these side effects had heart problems before taking this medicine . it is not possible to determine whether these events were directly related to sildenafil . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to you doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tavlesse may cause serious side effects . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ): high fever . fever has been associated with low levels of white blood cells ( febrile neutropenia ) or infection diarrhoea infection and inflammation of the lungs ( pneumonia ). symptoms include feeling short of breath , chest pain and producing discoloured mucus jaundice , abdominal pain and swelling , swelling in your legs and ankles , itchy skin , abnormal dark urine , pale stool colour or bloody or tar - coloured stool , chronic fatigue , feeling or being sick in the stomach , loss of appetite . these may be symptoms of liver problems . severe increase of blood pressure that can lead to a stroke ( hypertensive crisis ). symptoms are headache , confusion , dizziness . other side effects besides the serious side effects mentioned above , you may also get other side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): gastrointestinal disorders such as diarrhoea , feeling or being sick in the stomach , and frequent bowel movement high blood pressure abnormal blood test results showing how your liver is working dizziness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell count or neutropenia stomach pain chest pain tiredness ( fatigue ) flu - like symptoms infections of the nose and throat , such as sore throat and the common cold infection of the windpipe , such as bronchitis 36 taste changes rash reporting of side effects if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or your pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , aflunov can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur following vaccination , in rare cases leading to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . the side effects listed below have occurred with aflunov in clinical studies in adults , including the elderly : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site injection site redness injection site swelling aching muscles headache fatigue . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): brusing of the skin at the injection site aching joints fever and nausea generally feeling unwell shivering sweating 31 uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 . 000 ): flu like symptoms urticaria ( hives ). rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 . 000 ): convulsions eye swelling anaphylaxis ( severe allergic reactions ). these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without treatment . if they persist , consult your doctor . undesirable effects in patients with underlying long term medical problems such as diabetes , lung disease or heart problems and weakened immune systems ( immunocompromised ) such as hiv patients nausea , aching joints , diarrhoea and loss of appetite were reported very commonly in this population . in addition , vomiting was commonly reported . side effects from clinical study in children ( 6 months to 17 years of age ) general side effects reported very commonly in the 6 months to 35 months of age group were injection site redness , muscle ache , irritability and unusual crying . very commonly reported reactions in the 36 months to 17 years of age group were pain , headache and fatigue . other rare side effects observed after routine use : the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with another vaccine called focetria h1n1v similar to aflunov . these side effects may occur with aflunov . generalised skin reactions including itching urticaria ( hives ) rash or swelling of the skin and mucous membranes angioedema ( abnormal swelling of the skin , usually around the eyes , lips , tongue , hands or feet , due to an allergic reaction ). disorders of the gut such as nausea vomiting abdominal pain diarrhoea headache , dizziness , drowsiness , fainting . neurological disorders such as severe stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves tingling fits neuritis ( inflammation of nerves ) swollen lymph nodes , palpitations ( irregular or forceful heart beat ), tachycardia ( faster than normal heart beat ), weakness , pain in the extremities , cough and asthenia ( unusual weakness ). allergic reactions possibly with shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the throat , or leading to a dangerous decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . data in children and adolescents suggest a slight decrease in side effects after the second dose of the vaccine , with no increase in rates of fever . in addition , the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent seasonal flu . these side effects may occur with aflunov . low blood platelet count which can result in bleeding or bruising . vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels which can cause skin rashes , joint pain and kidney problems ) erythema multiforme ( type of allergic skin reaction that occurs in response to medications , infections , or illness ). neurological disorders such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . swelling , pain and redness at the injection site extending to more than 10 cm and lasting more than one week ( injection site cellulitis - like reaction ) extensive swelling of injected limb lasting more than one week . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ); flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]); symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of kidney function ; a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ); a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ); a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ); signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an encephalopathy . the most frequently reported adverse reactions were nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people anorexia ( loss of appetite ); depression , hostility or aggression , anxiety , insomnia , nervousness or irritability ; convulsion , balance disorder ( equilibrium disorder ), dizziness ( sensation of unsteadiness ), lethargy ( lack of energy and enthusiasm ), tremor ( involuntary trembling ); vertigo ( sensation of rotation ); cough ; abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea ; rash ; asthenia / fatigue ( tiredness ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people decreased number of blood platelets , decreased number of white blood cells ; weight decrease , weight increase ; suicide attempt and suicidal ideation , mental disorder , abnormal behaviour , hallucination , anger , confusion , panic attack , emotional instability / mood swings , agitation ; amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal coordination / ataxia ( impaired coordinated movements ), paraesthesia ( tingling ), disturbance in attention ( loss of concentration ); diplopia ( double vision ), vision blurred ; elevated / abnormal values in a liver function test ; hair loss , eczema , pruritus ; muscle weakness , myalgia ( muscle pain ); injury . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people infection ; decreased number of all blood cell types ; severe allergic reactions ( dress , anaphylactic reaction [ severe and important allergic reaction ], quincke ' s oedema [ swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ]); decreased blood sodium concentration ; suicide , personality disorders ( behavioural problems ), thinking abnormal ( slow thinking , unable to concentrate ); delirium ; encephalopathy ( see sub - section " tell your doctor immediately " for a detailed description of symptoms ); seizures may become worse or happen more often ; uncontrollable muscle spasms affecting the head , torso and limbs , difficulty in controlling movements , hyperkinesia ( hyperactivity ); change of the heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ); pancreatitis ; liver failure , hepatitis ; sudden decrease in kidney function ; skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). rhabdomyolysis ( breakdown of muscle tissue ) and associated blood creatine phosphokinase increase . prevalence is significantly higher in japanese patients when compared to non - japanese patients . limp or difficulty walking . reporting of side effects 45 if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : rash , itching , feeling warm , swelling of your face , lips or throat or difficulty breathing - you may be having a histamine reaction to the medicine . difficulty breathing with wheezing or a rash that gets worse - you may be having an allergic reaction to the medicine . cough , serious breathing difficulties - if you are an adult and have invasive aspergillosis you may be experiencing a serious respiratory problem that could result in respiratory failure . rash , skin peeling , mucous membrane sores , hives , large areas of peeling skin . as with any prescription medicine , some side effects may be serious . ask your doctor for more information . other side effects in adults include common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : decreased haemoglobin ( decreased oxygen carrying substance in the blood ), decreased white blood cells decreased blood albumin ( a type of protein ) in your blood , decreased potassium or low potassium levels in the blood headache inflammation of the vein shortness of breath diarrhoea , nausea or vomiting changes in some laboratory blood tests ( including increased values of some liver tests ) itching , rash , skin redness or sweating more than usual joint pain chills , fever itching at the injection site . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : changes in some laboratory blood tests ( including disease of blood clotting , platelets , red blood cells and white blood cells ) loss of appetite , increase in amount of body fluid , imbalance of salt in the body , high sugar level in the blood , low calcium level in the blood , increase calcium level in the blood , low magnesium level in the blood , increase in acid level in the blood 34 disorientation , feeling nervous , being unable to sleep feeling dizzy , decreased feeling or sensitivity ( especially in the skin ), shaking , feeling sleepy , change in the way things taste , tingling or numbness blurred vision , increase in tears , swollen eyelid , yellowing of the whites of the eyes sensation of fast or irregular heartbeats , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , abnormal heart rhythm , heart failure flushing , hot flush , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , redness along a vein which is extremely tender when touched tightening of the bands of muscle around the airways resulting in wheezing or coughing , fast breathing rate , shortness of breath that wakes you up , shortage of oxygen in the blood , abnormal breath sounds , crackling sounds in the lungs , wheezing , nasal congestion , cough , throat pain belly pain , upper belly pain , bloating , constipation , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth , indigestion , passing gas , stomach discomfort , swelling due to build - up of fluid around the belly decreased flow of bile , enlarged liver , yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes , liver injury caused by a drug or chemical , liver disorder abnormal skin tissue , generalised itching , hives , rash of varying appearance , abnormal skin , red often itchy spots on your arms and legs and sometimes on the face and the rest of the body back pain , pain in an arm or leg , bone pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness loss of kidney function , sudden loss of kidney function catheter site pain , injection site complaints ( redness , hard lump , pain , swelling , irritation , rash , hives , leaking of fluid from the catheter into the tissue ), inflammation of vein at injection site increased blood pressure and alterations in some laboratory blood tests ( including kidney electrolyte and clotting tests ), increased levels of the medicines you are taking that weaken the immune system chest discomfort , chest pain , feeling of body temperature change , generally feeling unwell , general pain , swelling of the face , swelling of the ankles , hands or feet , swelling , tenderness , feeling tired . side effects in children and adolescents very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people : fever common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : headache fast heart beat flushing , low blood pressure changes in some laboratory blood tests ( increased values of some liver tests ) itching , rash catheter site pain chills changes in some laboratory blood tests . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel apotex is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel apotex if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : 35 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with chest or abdominal pain , persistent low blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine accord immediately and contact your doctor if any of these symptoms occur : diarrhoea : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movements each day or any diarrhoea at night . vomiting : if you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . chest pain : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . dpd deficiency : if you have a known dpd deficiency , you are at an increased risk of acute early - onset of toxicity and severe , life - threatening , or fatal adverse reactions caused by capecitabine accord ( e . g . stomatitis , mucosal inflammation , diarrhoea , neutropenia , and neurotoxicity ). if caught early , these side effects usually improve within 2 to 3 days after treatment discontinuation . if these side effects continue , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . if severe stomatitis ( sores in your mouth and / or throat ), mucosal inflammation , diarrhoea , neutropenia ( increased risk for infections ), or neurotoxicity occurs during the first cycle of treatment a dpd deficiency may be involved ( please see section 2 : warning and precautions ). hand and foot skin - reaction can lead to loss of fingerprint , which could impact your identification by fingerprint scan . in addition to the above , when capecitabine is used alone , the very common side effects which may affect more than 1 in 10 people are : abdominal pain rash , dry or itchy skin tiredness loss of appetite ( anorexia ) these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately when you start to experience a side effect . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with capecitabine accord . this will help reduce the likelihood that the side effect continues or becomes severe other side effects are : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : decreases in the number of white blood cells or red blood cells ( seen in tests ) dehydration , weight loss sleeplessness ( insomnia ), depression headache , sleepiness , dizziness , abnormal sensation in the skin ( numbness or tingling sensation ), taste changes eye irritation , increased tears , eye redness ( conjunctivitis ) inflammation of the veins ( thrombophlebitis ) shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , runny nose cold sores or other herpes infections infections of the lungs or respiratory system ( e . g . pneumonia or bronchitis ) bleeding from the gut , constipation , pain in upper abdomen , indigestion , excess wind , dry mouth skin rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), skin reddening , dry skin , itching ( pruritus ), skin discolouration , skin loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder pain in the joints or in the limbs ( extremities ), chest or back fever , swelling in the limbs , feeling ill problems with liver function ( seen in blood tests ) and increased blood bilirubin ( excreted by the liver ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : blood infection , urinary tract infection , infection of the skin , infections in the nose and throat , fungal infections ( including those of the mouth ), influenza , gastroenteritis , tooth abscess , lumps under the skin ( lipoma ) decreases in blood cells including platelets , thinning of blood ( seen in tests ) allergy diabetes , decrease in blood potassium , malnutrition , increased blood triglycerides confusional state , panic attacks , depressed mood , decreased libido 52 difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , balance disorder , fainting , nerve damage ( neuropathy ) and problems with sensation blurred or double vision vertigo , ear pain irregular heartbeat and palpitations ( arrhythmias ), chest pain and heart attack ( infarction ) blood clots in the deep veins , high or low blood pressure , hot flushes , cold limbs ( extremities ), purple spots on the skin blood clots in the veins in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ), collapsed lung , coughing up blood , asthma , shortness of breath on exertion bowel obstruction , collection of fluid in the abdomen , inflammation of the small or large intestine , the stomach or the oesophagus , pain in the lower abdomen , abdominal discomfort , heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), blood in the stool jaundice ( yellowing of skin and eyes ) skin ulcer and blister , reaction of the skin with sunlight , reddening of palms , swelling or pain of the face joint swelling or stiffness , bone pain , muscle weakness or stiffness fluid collection in the kidneys , increased frequency of urination during the night , incontinence , blood in the urine , increase in blood creatinine ( sign of kidney dysfunction ) unusual bleeding from the vagina swelling ( oedema ), chills and rigors some of these side effects are more common when capecitabine is used with other medicines for the treatment of cancer . other side - effects seen in this setting are the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : decrease in blood sodium , magnesium or calcium , increase in blood sugar nerve pain ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), loss of hearing vein inflammation hiccups , change in voice pain or altered / abnormal sensation in the mouth , pain in the jaw sweating , night sweats muscle spasm difficulty in urination , blood or protein in the urine bruising or reaction at the injection site ( caused by medicines given by injection at the same time ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : narrowing or blockage of tear duct ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) liver failure inflammation leading to dysfunction or obstruction in bile secretion ( cholestatic hepatitis ) specific changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) certain types of arrhythmias ( including ventricular fibrillation , torsade de pointes , and bradycardia ) eye inflammation causing eye pain and possibly eyesight problems inflammation of the skin causing red scaly patches due to an immune system illness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe skin reaction such as skin rash , ulceration and blistering which may involve ulcers of the mouth , nose , genitalia , hands , feet and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 53 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these side effects as you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue , a rash , swallowing or breathing problems . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and may be life - threatening . - serious skin reactions , with a widespread rash with peeling skin and blisters in the mouth , eyes and genitals ( toxic epidermal necrolysis or stevens - johnson syndrome ). - if you get bloody diarrhoea before , during or after your treatment with doribax ( clostridium difficile colitis ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash , itching or hives - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vein wall inflammation where the intravenous infusion ( or " drip ") goes into your vein ( phlebitis ) - fungal infections ( thrush ) in your mouth or vagina - increase in the level of some liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decrease of blood platelet count which may increase your risk of bruising and bleeding - decrease of white blood cells which may increase your risk of infections - seizures . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you should stop taking icandra and see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : lactic acidosis ( very rare : may affect up to 1 user in 10 , 000 ): icandra may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking icandra and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . angioedema ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , difficulty breathing , sudden onset of rash or hives , which may indicate a reaction called " angioedema ". liver disease ( hepatitis ) ( rare ): symptoms include yellow skin and eyes , nausea , loss of appetite or dark - coloured urine , which may indicate liver disease ( hepatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( frequency not known ): symptoms include severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ), which might reach through to your back as well as nausea and vomiting . other side effects some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking icandra : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in and around the stomach ( abdominal pain ), loss of appetite . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , trembling that cannot be controlled , metallic taste , low blood glucose . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain , tiredness , constipation , swollen hands , ankle or feet ( oedema ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , fever ; signs of a high level of lactic acid in the blood ( known as lactic acidosis ) such as drowsiness or dizziness , severe nausea or vomiting , abdominal pain , irregular heart beat or deep , rapid breathing ; redness of the skin , itching ; decreased vitamin b12 levels ( paleness , tiredness , mental symptoms such as confusion or memory disturbances ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking icandra and a sulphonylurea : common : dizziness , tremor , weakness , low blood glucose , excessive sweating . some patients have had the following side effects while taking icandra and insulin : common : headache , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), low blood glucose , heartburn . uncommon : diarrhoea , flatulence . since this product has been marketed , the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): itchy rash , inflammation of the pancreas , localised peeling of skin or blisters , muscle pain . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( many of the side effects are shown in laboratory tests - for example those affecting your blood cells ): neutropenia ( very common ), febrile neutropenia ( common ) and septic shock ( uncommon ). the signs include chills , fever , sweating or other signs of bacterial or fungal infection ( see section 2 ). anaemia ( very common ). the signs include feeling short of breath , tiredness or looking pale ( see section 2 ). vomiting ( very common ) and diarrhoea ( very common ), which may lead to a dehydration if severe or persistent . severe gastrointestinal problems : abdominal pain ( common ), ascites ( uncommon ), colitis ( uncommon ), acute pancreatitis ( uncommon ), ileus ( uncommon ) and subileus ( uncommon ). the signs include intense stomach or abdominal pain that can be associated with vomiting , blocked or partly blocked bowel , fever or swelling of the abdomen . thrombocytopenia ( very common ). the signs include unusual bruising or bleeding ( see section 2 ). pulmonary embolism ( uncommon ): blood clots in lungs . the signs include shortness of breath and pain in the chest or in the legs . interstitial lung disease has been reported in patients receiving the medicine . the signs include difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , with cough or fever . some of these serious side effects may lead to death . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects . many of the side effects are shown in laboratory tests - for example those affecting your blood cells . your doctor will be looking out for these side effects in your test results . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people : decreased appetite feeling very tired ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( nausea ) reduced white blood cells called leucocytes - can increase your risk for infection common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : fever hair loss weight loss changes in taste constipation feeling generally out of sorts ( malaise ) low level of albumin in the blood increased bilirubin in your blood - can cause yellowing of skin or eyes reduced number of white blood cells called lymphocytes - can increase your risk for infection swelling in your hands or legs or feet redness , swelling , pain on the palms of your hands and soles of your feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) feeling of numbness or pins and needles in hands or feet mouth pain or problems swelling of mucous membranes - this could be inside the nose , mouth , throat , eyes , vagina , lungs or gut increased liver enzymes protein in your urine rash , itchy or dry skin feeling short of breath , airway or lungs , chest infections uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people low or high blood pressure blood clots , e . g . in the brain or legs blood test results indicating problems with clotting making you bleed more easily more noticeable heart - beat , chest pain abnormal increase or decrease in heart rate changes in your heart trace ( ecg - electrocardiogram ) increased white blood cells increased number of white blood cells called monocytes increased lactate dehydrogenase level in your blood low levels of phosphates , sodium , potassium or calcium in your blood reduced white blood cells called granulocytes or monocytes - can increase your risk for infection 40 high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ), increased salt , urea , creatinine and potassium in your blood blood test result indicating inflammation ( c - reactive protein increased ) ear pain feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) feeling dizzy , headache runny or bloody nose , sinus problems sore throat , hoarse voice , problems with your voice redness , itching of the eye , eye infections , watery eyes dry eyes vision troubles as blurred vision , double vision , decreased vision , cataracts dehydration bloating , passing gas , indigestion pain or inflammation in upper or lower part of digestive tract inflammation , swelling or bleeding in your bowel inflammation and infection in your gut inflammation or increased acid in your stomach or gullet , reflux painful tongue , polyps inside your mouth , mouth ulcers , retching bad breath , tooth decay , tooth or gum problems , bleeding gums , gum infections skin flushing swelling or pain in your joints or big toes pain or discomfort in your arms or legs pain , including pain from the cancer bone pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness or spasms , pain in tendons , nerves or ligaments feeling of being cold shingles ( pain and vesicular rash on skin over nerve tracts affected by nerve inflammation from herpes zoster virus ) liver disorder inflammation or infection of bile ducts , increase in the diameter of the bile duct kidney failure viral infection cough , infection of the sinuses , throat infection inflammation or infection in your bladder changes in urine test , blood in urine problems passing water ( urine retention ), loss of bladder control ( incontinence ) athlete ' s foot - fungal infection of feet , yeast infections accumulation of fluid in the lungs changes in the menstrual cycle anxiety fainting ( syncope ) burning sensation , unpleasant , increased or loss of sense of touch and other non - severe neurological troubles raised itchy rash , red skin , blisters , skin sloughing off , hives , acne sweating more than normal , sensitivity to light , nail problems problem with sleeping or falling asleep low level of total protein in the blood reporting of side effects if you experience any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms and contact your doctor immediately . side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms were : common side effects ( affect 1 to 10 users in 100 ) nausea / vomiting abnormal urination fatigue dizziness ( including when getting up from a lying or sitting position ) blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine kinase ) or raised levels of substances that measure kidney function ( blood urea nitrogen , creatinine ). if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . uncommon side effects ( affect 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) diarrhoea low blood pressure fainting heart rate increased flushing swelling sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ) blood tests may show lowered levels of potassium and sodium in your blood . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . side effects reported since the launch of irbesartan hydrochlorothiazide bms the frequency of these effects is not known . these undesirable effects are : headache , ringing in the ears , cough , taste disturbance , indigestion , pain in joints and muscles , liver function abnormal and impaired kidney function , increased level of potassium in your blood and allergic reactions such as rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . side effects associated with irbesartan alone in addition to the side effects listed above , chest pain has also been reported . side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide alone loss of appetite ; stomach irritation ; stomach cramps ; constipation ; jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); inflammation of the pancreas characterised by severe upper stomach pain , often with nausea and vomiting ; sleep disorders ; depression ; blurred vision ; lack of white blood cells , which can result in frequent infections , fever ; decrease in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ), decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) characterised by tiredness , headaches , being short of breath when exercising , dizziness and looking pale ; kidney disease ; lung problems including pneumonia or build - up of fluid in the lungs ; increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun ; inflammation of blood vessels ; a skin disease characterized by the peeling of the skin all over the body ; cutaneous lupus erythematosus , which is identified by a rash that may appear 91 on the face , neck , and scalp ; allergic reactions ; weakness and muscle spasm ; altered heart rate ; reduced blood pressure after a change in body position ; swelling of the salivary glands ; high sugar levels in the blood ; sugar in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood fat ; high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout . it is known that side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide may increase with higher doses of hydrochlorothiazide . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - severe kidney impairment ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain specific blood tests ). - low level of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing sores inside the mouth or jaw , discharge , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if 30 you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid actavis or after stopping treatment . - irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving zoledronic acid for postmenopausal osteoporosis . it is currently unclear whether zoledronic acid causes this irregular heart rhythm but you should report it to your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid . - severe allergic reaction : shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . - osteonecrosis has also very rarely been seen occurring with other bones than the jaw , especially the hip or thigh . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , pain or stiffness while being treated with zoledronic acid actavis or after stopping treatment . tell your doctor about any of the following side effects as soon as possible : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , drowsiness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - conjunctivitis . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hypersensitivity reactions . - low blood pressure . - chest pain . - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , rash , itching . - high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . - weight increase . - increased sweating . - sleepiness . - blurred vision , tearing of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . - sudden coldness with fainting , limpness or collapse . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or coughing . - urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling . - painful redness and / or swelling of the eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - fainting due to low blood pressure . - severe bone , joint and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a ) summary of serious and very common side effects low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . low blood sugar may occur if you : inject too much insulin . eat too little or miss a meal . exercise more than usual . drink alcohol ( see drinking alcohol and taking novorapid in section 2 ). signs of low blood sugar : cold sweat ; cool pale skin ; headache ; rapid heartbeat ; feeling sick ; feeling very hungry ; temporary changes in vision ; drowsiness ; unusual tiredness and weakness ; nervousness or tremor ; feeling anxious ; feeling confused ; difficulty in concentrating . severe low blood sugar can lead to unconsciousness . if prolonged severe low blood sugar is not treated , it can cause brain damage ( temporary or permanent ) and even death . you may recover more quickly from unconsciousness with an injection of the hormone glucagon by someone who knows how to use it . if you are given glucagon , you will need glucose or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to glucagon treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when symptoms of low blood sugar have disappeared or when blood sugar level is stabilised , continue insulin treatment as usual . if you have such a low blood sugar that it makes you pass out , if you have had need for injection of glucagon , or if you have experienced many incidents of low blood sugar , talk with a doctor . the amount or timing of insulin , food or exercise may need to be adjusted . tell relevant people that you have diabetes and what the consequences may be , including the risk of passing out ( become unconscious ) due to low blood sugar . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn you on your side and get medical help straight away . they must not give you any food or drink due to risk of suffocation . serious allergic reactions to novorapid or one of its ingredients ( called a systemic allergic reaction ) is a very rare side effect but can potentially be life threatening . it may affect less than 1 in 10 , 000 people . seek medical advice immediately : if signs of allergy spread to other parts of your body . if you suddenly feel unwell , and you : start sweating ; start being sick ( vomiting ); have difficulty in breathing ; have a rapid heartbeat ; feel dizzy . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) list of other side effects uncommon side effects may affect less than 1 in 100 people . signs of allergy : local allergic reactions ( pain , redness , hives , inflammation , bruising , swelling and itching ) at the injection site may occur . these usually disappear after a few weeks of taking your insulin . if they do not disappear , or if they spread throughout your body , talk to your doctor immediately . see also serious allergic reactions above . vision problems : when you first start your insulin treatment , it may disturb your vision , but the disturbance is usually temporary . changes at the injection site ( lipodystrophy ): the fatty tissue under the skin at the injection site may shrink ( lipoatrophy ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy ). changing the site with each injection reduces the risk of developing such skin changes . if you notice your skin pitting or thickening at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse . these reactions can become more severe , or they may change the absorption of your insulin , if you inject in such a site . swollen joints : when you start taking insulin , water retention may cause swelling around your ankles and other joints . normally this soon disappears . if not , talk to your doctor . diabetic retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes which can lead to loss of vision ): if you have diabetic retinopathy and your blood sugar level improves very fast , the retinopathy may get worse . ask your doctor about this . rare side effects may affect less than 1 in 1 , 000 people . painful neuropathy ( pain due to nerve damage ): if your blood sugar level improves very fast , you may get nerve related pain . this is called acute painful neuropathy and is usually transient . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk with your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : increased urination ; feeling thirsty ; losing your appetite ; feeling sick ( nausea or vomiting ); feeling drowsy or tired ; flushed ; dry skin ; dry mouth and a fruity ( acetone ) smell of the breath . what to do if you experience high blood sugar : if you get any of the above signs : test your blood sugar level , test your urine for ketones if you can , then seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of side effects reported with atriance were seen in adults , children and adolescents . some of the side effects were reported more often in adult patients . there is no known reason for this . if you have any concerns , discuss them with your doctor . most serious side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people treated with atriance . signs of infection . atriance may reduce the number of white blood cells and lower your resistance to infection ( including pneumonia ). this can even be life threatening . signs of an infection include : - fever - serious deterioration of your general condition - local symptoms such as sore throat , sore mouth or urinary problems ( for example , a burning sensation when urinating , which may be a urinary infection ) tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these . a blood test will be taken to check possible reduction of white blood cells . other very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people treated with atriance changes in the sense of feeling in hands or feet , muscle weakness appearing as difficulty getting up from a chair , or difficulty walking ( peripheral neuropathy ); reduced sensitivity to light touch , or pain ; abnormal sensations such as burning and , prickling , a sensation of something crawling on the skin . feeling generally weak and tired ( temporary anaemia ). in some cases you may need a blood transfusion . unusual bruising or bleeding , caused by a decrease in the number of clotting cells in the blood . this can lead to severe bleeding from relatively small injuries such as a small cut . rarely , it can lead to even more severe bleeding ( haemorrhage ). talk to your doctor for advice on how to minimize the risk of bleeding . feeling drowsy and sleepy ; headache ; dizziness . shortness of breath , difficult or laboured breathing ; cough . feeling of an upset stomach ( nausea ); being sick / throwing up ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; constipation muscle pain . swelling of parts of the body due to accumulation of abnormal amounts of fluid ( oedema ). high body temperature ( fever ); tiredness ; feeling weak / loss of strength . tell a doctor if any of these becomes troublesome . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people treated with atriance : violent , uncontrollable muscular contractions often accompanied by unconsciousness that can be due to an epileptic attack ( seizures ). clumsiness and lack of coordination affecting balance , walking , limb or eye movements , or speech . unintentional rhythmic shaking of one or more limbs ( tremors ). muscle weakness ( possibly associated with peripheral neuropathy see above ), joint pain , back pain ; pains in hands and feet including a sensation of pins and needles sensation and numbness . lowered blood pressure . weight loss and loss of appetite ( anorexia ); stomach pains ; sore mouth , mouth ulcers or inflammation . problems with memory , feeling disoriented ; blurred vision ; altered or loss of sense of taste ( dysgeusia ). build up of fluid around the lungs leading to chest pain and difficulty in breathing ( pleural effusion ); wheezing increased amounts of bilirubin in your blood , which may cause yellowing of the skin and may make you feel lethargic . increases in blood levels of liver enzymes . increases in blood creatinine levels ( a sign of kidney problems , which might lead less frequent urination ). the release of tumour cell contents ( tumour lysis syndrome ), which may put extra stress on your body . initial symptoms including nausea and vomiting , shortness of breath , an irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , lethargy and / or joint discomfort . if this does occur , it is most likely to occur at the first dose . your doctor will take appropriate precautions to minimise the risk of this . low blood levels of some substances : - low calcium levels , which may cause muscle cramps , abdominal cramps or spasms - low magnesium levels , which may cause muscle weakness , confusion , " jerky " movements , high blood pressure , irregular heart rhythms and decreased reflexes with severely low blood magnesium levels . - low potassium levels may cause a feeling of weakness - low glucose levels , which may cause nausea , sweating , weakness , faintness , confusion or hallucinations . tell a doctor if any of these becomes troublesome . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people treated with atriance serious disease that destroys skeletal muscle characterized by the presence of myoglobin ( a breakdown product of muscle cells ) in the urine ( rhabdomyolysis ), increase in blood creatine phosphokinase . tell a doctor if any of these becomes troublesome . reporting of side effects if you get any of the side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience pain at the infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat discomfort , tongue or throat swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , heart attack or low number 64 of platelets . if you have heart disease or angina , these reactions might get worse . tell the person giving you the infusion immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your ruxience treatment if these reactions are serious . infections tell your doctor immediately if you get signs of an infection including : fever , cough , sore throat , burning pain when passing urine or feeling weak or generally unwell memory loss , trouble thinking , difficulty walking or sight loss these may be due to a very rare , serious brain infection , which has been fatal ( progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy or pml ). you might get infections more easily during your treatment with ruxience . these are often colds , but there have been cases of pneumonia or urinary infections . these are listed below under " other side effects ". if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis , granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris , you will also find this information in the patient alert card you have been given by your doctor . it is important that you keep this alert card and show it to your partner or caregiver . skin reactions very rarely , severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening may occur . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects include : a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis low number of white blood cells , with or without fever or blood cells called " platelets " feeling sick ( nausea ) bald spots on the scalp , chills , headache lower immunity because of lower levels of anti - bodies called " immunoglobulins " ( igg ) in the blood which help protect against infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood ( sepsis ), pneumonia , shingles , cold , bronchial tube infections , fungal infections , infections of unknown origin , sinus inflammation , hepatitis b low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), low number of all blood cells allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and body , high levels of the enzyme " ldh " in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood unusual feelings of the skin such as numbness , tingling , pricking , burning , a creeping skin feeling , reduced sense of touch feeling restless , problems falling asleep becoming very red in the face and other areas of the skin as a consequence of dilation of the blood vessels feeling dizzy or anxious producing more tears , tear duct problems , inflamed eye ( conjunctivitis ) ringing sound in the ears , ear pain heart problems such as heart attack , uneven or fast heart rate 65 high or low blood pressure ( low blood pressure especially when standing upright ) tightening of the muscles in the airways which causes wheezing ( bronchospasm ), inflammation , irritation in the lungs , throat or sinuses , being short of breath , runny nose being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the throat and mouth , problems swallowing , constipation , indigestion eating disorders , not eating enough , leading to weight loss hives , increased sweating , night sweats muscle problems such as tight muscles , joint or muscle pain , back and neck pain general discomfort or feeling uneasy or tired , shaking , signs of flu multiple - organ failure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blood clotting problems , decrease of red blood cell production and increase of red blood cell destruction ( aplastic haemolytic anaemia ), swollen or enlarged lymph nodes low mood and loss of interest or enjoyment in doing things , feeling nervous taste problems such as changes in the way things taste heart problems such as reduced heart rate or chest pain ( angina ) asthma , too little oxygen reaching the body organs swelling of the stomach . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): short term increase in the amount of some types of anti - bodies in the blood ( called immunoglobulins igm ), chemical disturbances in the blood caused by break - down of dying cancer cells nerve damage in arms and legs , paralysed face heart failure inflammation of blood vessels including those leading to skin symptoms respiratory failure damage to the intestinal wall ( perforation ) severe skin problems causing blisters that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . kidney failure severe vision loss not known ( it is not known how often these side effects happen ): a reduction in white blood cells which does not happen straight away reduced platelets number just after the infusion this can be reversed , but can be fatal in rare cases hearing loss , loss of other senses b ) if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections such as pneumonia ( bacterial ) pain on passing water ( urinary tract infection ) allergic reactions that are most likely to occur during an infusion , but can occur up - to 24 - hours after infusion changes in blood pressure , nausea , rash , fever , feeling itchy , runny or blocked nose and sneezing , shaking , rapid heartbeat , and tiredness headache changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . these include a decrease in the amount of some specific proteins in the blood ( immunoglobulins ) which help protect against infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections such as bronchial tube inflammation ( bronchitis ) a feeling of fullness or a throbbing pain behind the nose , cheeks and eyes ( sinusitis ), pain in the abdomen , vomiting and diarrhoea , breathing problems fungal foot infection ( athlete ' s foot ) high cholesterol levels in the blood abnormal sensations of the skin , such as numbness , tingling , pricking or burning , sciatica , migraine , dizziness loss of hair anxiety , depression indigestion , diarrhoea , acid reflux , irritation and / or ulceration of the throat and the mouth pain in the tummy , back , muscles and / or joints uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): excess fluid retention in the face and body inflammation , irritation and / or tightness of the lungs , and throat , coughing skin reactions including hives , itching and rash allergic reactions including wheezing or shortness of breath , swelling of the face and tongue , collapse very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): a complex of symptoms occurring within a few weeks of an infusion of rituximab including allergic like reactions such as rash , itching , joint pain , swollen lymph glands and fever severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . other rarely - reported side - effects due to rituximab include a decreased number of white cells in the blood ( neutrophils ) that help to fight against infection . some infections may be severe ( please see information on infections within this section ). c ) if you are being treated for granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , such as chest infections , urinary tract infections ( pain on passing water ), colds and herpes infections allergic reactions that are most likely to occur during an infusion , but can occur up - to 24 - hours after infusion diarrhoea coughing or shortness of breath nose bleeds raised blood pressure painful joints or back muscle twitches or shakiness feeling dizzy tremors ( shakiness , often in the hands ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) swelling of the hands or ankles common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): indigestion constipation skin rashes , including acne or spots flushing or redness of the skin fever 67 blocked or runny nose tight or painful muscles pain in the muscles or in the hands or feet low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low numbers of platelets in the blood an increase in the amount of potassium in the blood changes in the rhythm of the heart , or the heart beating faster than normal very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . recurrence of a previous hepatitis b infection d ) if you are being treated for pemphigus vulgaris very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions that are most likely to occur during an infusion , but can occur up to 24 hours after infusion long lasting depression loss of hair common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections such as herpes infections and eye infection mood disorders such as irritability and depression skin disorders such as itching , hives , and benign lumps feeling tired or dizzy fever headache pain in the tummy pain in the muscles heart beating faster than normal ruxience may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . if you are having ruxience with other medicines , some of the side effects you may get may be due to the other medicines . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , fluenz can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you want more information about possible side effects from fluenz . some side effects may be serious very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 , 000 people ): severe allergic reaction : signs of a severe allergic reaction may include shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . tell your doctor straight away or seek urgent medical care if you experience any of the effects above . other possible side effects of fluenz very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): runny or stuffy nose reduced appetite weakness headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): fever muscle aches uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash nose bleed allergic reactions reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , intrinsa can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience hair loss ( a common side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), enlargement of the clitoris ( an uncommon side effect which may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), an increase in the amount of hair on the chin or upper lip ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), voice deepening or hoarseness ( a common side effect ), although these side effects may be mild . they are usually reversible if intrinsa treatment is discontinued . you should self assess for increased acne ( a common side effect ), increased hair growth on your face , loss of hair , deepening of your voice or enlargement of your clitoris , which all could be signs of side effects of testosterone , which is the active substance in intrinsa . - if you notice any skin reactions at the site of application ( a very common side effect ) such as redness , oedema , or blistering . in case of severe application site reaction , the treatment should be discontinued . other common side effects most of them are mild in nature and reversible . - migraine - insomnia / inability to sleep properly - breast pain - weight gain - stomach pain other uncommon side effects most of them are mild in nature and reversible . - sinusitis ( inflammation of nasal sinus ) - abnormal clotting factor - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - increased appetite - agitation 24 - anxiety - disturbance in attention - dysgeusia ( distorted sense of taste ) - impaired balance - hyperaesthesia ( abnormal increase in sensitivity to stimuli of the senses ) - oral paraesthesia ( tingling or numb sensation in the mouth ) - transient ischemic attack ( mini stroke ) - diplopia ( double vision ) - eye redness - palpitations ( rapid and irregular heart beat ) - nasal congestion - throat tightness - diarrhoea - dry mouth - nausea - eczema - increased sweating - rosacea ( redness of the face ) - arthritis - breast cyst - clitoral engorgement - genital pruritus ( genital itching sensation ) - vaginal burning sensation - anasarca ( widespread swelling of the skin ) - asthenia ( lack of energy and strength ) - chest tightness - chest discomfort - abnormal blood fibrinogen ( abnormal blood clotting ) - increased heart rate - increased alanine aminotransferase , increased aspartate aminotransferase , increased blood bilirubin , abnormal liver function test , increased blood triglycerides ( all measures of liver function ). if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible side effects in patients taking tafinlar alone possible serious side effects bleeding problems tafinlar can cause serious bleeding problems , especially in your brain when taken in combination with trametinib . call your doctor or nurse and get medical help right away if you have any unusual signs of bleeding , including : headaches , dizziness , or weakness coughing up of blood or blood clots vomit containing blood or that looks like " coffee grounds " red or black stools that look like tar 59 fever taking tafinlar may cause fever in more than 1 in 10 people . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get a fever ( temperature 38 . 5ºc or above ) while you are taking this medicine . they will carry out tests to find out if there are other causes for the fever and treat the problem . in some cases , people with fever may develop low blood pressure and dizziness . if the fever is severe , your doctor may recommend that you stop taking tafinlar while they treat the fever with other medicines . once the fever is controlled , your doctor may recommend that you start taking tafinlar again . heart conditions tafinlar can affect how well your heart pumps blood when taken in combination with trametinib . it is more likely to affect people who have an existing heart problem . you will be checked for any heart problems while you are taking tafinlar in combination with trametinib . signs and symptoms of heart problems include : feeling like your heart is pounding , racing , or beating irregularly dizziness tiredness feeling lightheaded shortness of breath swelling in the legs tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , either for the first time or if they get worse . changes in your skin serious skin reactions have been reported in people taking tafinlar in combination with trametinib ( frequency not known ). if you notice any of the following : reddish patches on the trunk that are circular or target - shaped , with central blisters . skin peeling . ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes . these serious skin rashes can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). widespread rash , fever , and enlarged lymph nodes ( dress - syndrome or drug hypersensitivity syndrome ). stop using the medicine and seek medical attention immediately . patients taking tafinlar may commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) develop a different type of skin cancer called cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma ( cuscc ). others may develop a type of skin cancer called basal cell carcinoma ( bcc ). usually , these skin changes remain local and can be removed with surgery and treatment with tafinlar can be continued without interruption . some people taking tafinlar may also notice that new melanomas have appeared . these melanomas are usually removed by surgery and treatment with tafinlar can be continued without interruption . your doctor will check your skin before you start taking tafinlar , then check it again every month while you are taking this medicine and for 6 months after you stop taking it . this is to look for any new skin cancers . your doctor will also check your head , your neck , your mouth , your lymph glands and you will have scans of your chest and stomach area ( called ct scans ) regularly . you may also have blood tests . these checks are to detect if any other cancer , including squamous cell carcinoma , develops inside your body . pelvic examinations ( for women ) and anal examinations are also recommended before and at the end of your treatment . check your skin regularly whilst taking tafinlar if you notice any of the following : new wart skin sore or reddish bump that bleeds or does not heal change of a mole in size or colour tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms - either for the first time or if they get worse . skin reactions ( rash ) can happen while taking tafinlar in combination with trametinib . talk to your doctor if you get a skin rash while taking tafinlar in combination with trametinib . eye problems patients taking tafinlar alone can uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) develop an eye problem called uveitis , which could damage your vision if it is not treated . this may occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking tafinlar in combination with trametinib . uveitis may develop rapidly and the symptoms include : eye redness and irritation blurred vision eye pain increased sensitivity to light floating spots before the eyes contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get these symptoms . tafinlar can cause eye problems when taken in combination with trametinib . trametinib is not recommended if you have ever had a blockage of the vein draining the eye ( retinal vein occlusion ). your doctor may advise an eye examination before you take tafinlar in combination with trametinib and while you are taking it . your doctor may ask you to stop taking trametinib or refer you to a specialist , if you develop signs and symptoms in your vision that include : loss of vision eye redness and irritation coloured dots in your vision halo ( seeing a blurred outline around objects ) blurred vision contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get these symptoms . it is very important to tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you develop these symptoms , especially if you have a painful , red eye that does not clear up quickly . they may arrange for you to see a specialist eye doctor for a complete eye examination . the other side effects that you may see when you take tafinlar alone are as follows : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) papilloma ( a type of skin tumour which is usually not harmful ) decreased appetite headache cough feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea thickening of the outer layers of the skin unusual hair loss or thinning rash reddening and swelling of the palms , fingers and soles of the feet ( see " changes in your skin " earlier in section 4 ) joint pain , muscle pain , or pain in the hands or feet fever ( see " fever " earlier in section 4 ) lack of energy chills feeling weak common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin effects including cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ), wart - like growths , skin tags , uncontrolled skin growths or lesions ( basal cell carcinoma ), dry skin , itching or redness of skin , patches of thick , scaly , or crusty skin ( actinic keratosis ), skin lesions , skin reddening , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun constipation flu - like illness common side effects that may show up in your blood tests low levels of phosphate ( hypophosphataemia ) in the blood increase in blood sugar level ( hyperglycaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) new melanoma allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) inflammation of the eye ( uveitis , see " eye problems " earlier in section 4 )) inflammation of the pancreas ( causing strong abdominal pain ) inflammation of the fatty layer under the skin ( panniculitis ) kidney problems , kidney failure inflammation of kidneys possible side effects when tafinlar and trametinib are taken together when you take tafinlar and trametinib together you may get any of the side effects given in the lists above , although the frequency may change ( increase or decrease ). you may also get additional side effects due to taking trametinib at the same time as tafinlar . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , either for the first time or if they get worse . please also read the trametinib package leaflet for details of the side effects you may get with trametinib . the side effects that you may see when you take tafinlar in combination with trametinib are as follows : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasal and throat inflammation decreased appetite headache dizziness high blood pressure ( hypertension ) bleeding , at various sites in the body , which may be mild or serious ( haemorrhage ) cough stomach ache constipation diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) rash , dry skin , itching , skin reddening joint pain , muscle pain , or pain in the hands or feet muscle spasms lack of energy , feeling weak chills swelling of the hands or feet ( oedema peripheral ) fever flu - like illness very common side effects that may show up in your blood tests abnormal blood test results related to the liver common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the urinary system skin effects including infection of the skin ( cellulitis ), inflammation of hair follicles in the skin , nail disorders such as nail bed changes , nail pain , infection and swelling of the cuticles , skin rash with pus - filled blisters , cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ), papilloma ( a type of skin tumour which is usually not harmful ), wart - like growths , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun ( see also " changes in your skin " earlier in section 4 ) dehydration ( low levels of water or fluid ) blurred vision , eyesight problems , inflammation of the eye ( uveitis ) heart pumping less efficiently low blood pressure ( hypotension ) localised tissue swelling shortness of breath dry mouth sore mouth or mouth ulcers , inflammation of mucous membranes acne - like problems thickening of the outer layer of the skin ( hyperkeratosis ), patches of thick , scaly , or crusty skin ( actinic keratosis ), chapping or cracking of the skin increased sweating , night sweats unusual hair loss or thinning red , painful hands and feet inflammation of the fatty layer under the skin ( panniculitis ) inflammation of the mucosa swelling of the face 63 common side effects that may show up in your blood tests low levels of white blood cells decrease in number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), blood platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ), and a type of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low levels of sodium ( hyponatraemia ) or phosphate ( hypophosphataemia ) in the blood increase in blood sugar level increase in creatine phosphokinase , an enzyme found mainly in heart , brain , and skeletal muscle increase in some substances ( enzymes ) produced by the liver uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) appearance of new skin cancer ( melanoma ) skin tags allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) eye changes including swelling in the eye caused by fluid leakage ( chorioretinopathy ), separation of the light - sensitive membrane in the back of the eye ( the retina ) from its supporting layers ( retinal detachment ) and swelling around the eyes heart rate that is lower than the normal range and / or a decrease in heart rate inflammation of the lung ( pneumonitis ) inflammation of pancreas inflammation of the intestines ( colitis ) kidney failure inflammation of the kidneys rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) a hole ( perforation ) in the stomach or intestines not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the heart muscle ( myocarditis ) which can result in breathlessness , fever , palpitations and chest pain inflamed , flaky skin ( exfoliative dermatitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking coaprovel and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with coaprovel were : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea / vomiting abnormal urination fatigue dizziness ( including when getting up from a lying or sitting position ) blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine kinase ) or raised levels of substances that measure kidney function ( blood urea nitrogen , creatinine ). if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea low blood pressure fainting heart rate increased flushing swelling sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ) blood tests may show lowered levels of potassium and sodium in your blood . if any of these side effects causes you problems , talk to your doctor . side effects reported since the launch of coaprovel some undesirable effects have been reported since marketing of coaprovel . undesirable effects where the frequency is not known are : headache , ringing in the ears , cough , taste disturbance , indigestion , pain in joints and muscles , liver function abnormal and impaired kidney function , increased level of 108 potassium in your blood and allergic reactions such as rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . side effects associated with irbesartan alone in addition to the side effects listed above , chest pain , severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ), and decrease in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ) have also been reported . side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide alone loss of appetite ; stomach irritation ; stomach cramps ; constipation ; jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); inflammation of the pancreas characterised by severe upper stomach pain , often with nausea and vomiting ; sleep disorders ; depression ; blurred vision ; lack of white blood cells , which can result in frequent infections , fever ; decrease in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ), decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) characterised by tiredness , headaches , being short of breath when exercising , dizziness and looking pale ; kidney disease ; lung problems including pneumonia or build - up of fluid in the lungs ; increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun ; inflammation of blood vessels ; a skin disease characterized by the peeling of the skin all over the body ; cutaneous lupus erythematosus , which is identified by a rash that may appear on the face , neck , and scalp ; allergic reactions ; weakness and muscle spasm ; altered heart rate ; reduced blood pressure after a change in body position ; swelling of the salivary glands ; high sugar levels in the blood ; sugar in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood fat ; high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ) it is known that side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide may increase with higher doses of hydrochlorothiazide . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . many of the side effects can be relieved by adjusting the dose . if you during the treatment with stalevo experience the following symptoms , contact your doctor immediately : - your muscles get very rigid or jerk violently , you get tremors , agitation , confusion , fever , rapid pulse , or wide fluctuations in your blood pressure . these can be symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( nms , a rare severe reaction to medicines used to treat disorders of the central nervous system ) or rhabdomyolysis ( a rare severe muscle disorder ). - allergic reaction , the signs may include hives ( nettle rash ), itching , rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesias ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - harmless reddish - brown discolouration of urine - muscle pain - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - light - headedness or fainting due to low blood pressure , high blood pressure - worsening of parkinson ` s symptoms , dizziness , drowsiness - vomiting , abdominal pain and discomfort , heartburn , dry mouth , constipation - inability to sleep , hallucinations , confusion , abnormal dreams ( including nightmares ), tiredness - mental changes including problems with memory , anxiety and depression ( possibly with thoughts of suicide ) - heart or artery disease events ( e . g . chest pain ), irregular heart rate or rhythm - more frequent falling - shortness of breath - increased sweating , rashes - muscle cramps , swelling of legs - blurred vision - anaemia - decreased appetite , decreased weight - headache , joint pain - urinary tract infection uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack - bleeding in the gut - changes in the blood cell count which may result in bleeding , abnormal liver function tests - convulsions - feeling agitated - psychotic symptoms - colitis ( inflammation of the colon ) - discolourations other than urine ( e . g . skin , nail , hair , sweat ) - swallowing difficulties - inability to urinate not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) craving for large doses of stalevo in excess of that required to control motor symptoms , known as dopamine dysregulation syndrome . some patients experience severe abnormal involuntary movements ( dyskinesias ), mood swings or other side effects after taking large doses of stalevo . the following side effects have also been reported : - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) - itching you may experience the following side effects : - inability to resist the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating 47 ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; they will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . like other similar medicines ( antithrombotic agents ), rivaroxaban accord may cause bleeding which may potentially be life threatening . excessive bleeding may lead to a sudden drop in blood pressure ( shock ). in some cases the bleeding may not be obvious . possible side effects which may be a sign of bleeding tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : long or excessive bleeding exceptional weakness , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , unexplained swelling , breathlessness , chest pain or angina pectoris , which may be signs of bleeding . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change how you should be treated . possible side effects which may be a sign of severe skin reaction tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin reactions such as : spreading intense skin rash , blisters or mucosal lesions , e . g . in the mouth or eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). the frequency of this side effect is very rare ( up to 1 in 10 , 000 ). a drug reaction that causes rash , fever , inflammation of internal organs , hematologic abnormalities and systemic illness ( dress syndrome ). the frequency of this side effect is very rare ( up to 1 in 10 , 000 ). possible side effects which may be a sign of severe allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing ; hives and breathing difficulties ; sudden drop in blood pressure . the frequencies of these side effects are very rare ( anaphylactic reactions , including anaphylactic shock ; may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) and uncommon ( angioedema and allergic oedema ; may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). overall list of possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness bleeding in the stomach or bowel , urogenital bleeding ( including blood in the urine and heavy menstrual bleeding ), nose bleed , bleeding in the gum bleeding into the eye ( including bleeding from the whites of the eyes ) bleeding into tissue or a cavity of the body ( haematoma , bruising ) coughing up blood bleeding from the skin or under the skin bleeding following an operation oozing of blood or fluid from surgical wound swelling in the limbs pain in the limbs 171 impaired function of the kidneys ( may be seen in tests performed by your doctor ) fever stomach ache , indigestion , feeling or being sick , constipation , diarrhoea low blood pressure ( symptoms may be feeling dizzy or fainting when standing up ) decreased general strength and energy ( weakness , tiredness ), headache , dizziness rash , itchy skin blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding into the brain or inside the skull bleeding into a joint causing pain and swelling thrombocytopenia ( low number of platelets , which are cells that help blood to clot ) allergic reactions , including allergic skin reactions impaired function of the liver ( may be seen in tests performed by your doctor ) blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , some pancreatic or liver enzymes or in the number of platelets fainting feeling unwell faster heartbeat dry mouth hives rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding into a muscle cholestasis ( decreased bile flow ), hepatitis incl . hepatocellular injury ( inflamed liver incl . liver injury ) yellowing of the skin and eye ( jaundice ) localised swelling collection of blood ( haematoma ) in the groin as a complication of the cardiac procedure where a catheter is inserted in your leg artery ( pseudoaneurysm ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) kidney failure after a severe bleeding increased pressure within muscles of the legs or arms after a bleeding , which leads to pain , swelling , altered sensation , numbness or paralysis ( compartment syndrome after a bleeding ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , cellcept can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you have a sign of infection such as a fever or sore throat you have any unexpected bruising or bleeding you have a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , angioeodema ). usual problems some of the more usual problems are diarrhoea , fewer white cells or red cells in your blood , infection and vomiting . your doctor will do regular blood tests to check for any changes in : the number of your blood cells or signs of infections children may be more likely than adults to have some side effects . these include diarrhoea , infections , fewer white cells and fewer red cells in the blood . fighting infections cellcept reduces your body ' s defences . this is to stop you rejecting your transplant . as a result , your body will not be as good as normal at fighting infections . this means you may catch more infections than usual . this includes infections of the brain , skin , mouth , stomach and gut , lungs and urinary system . lymph and skin cancer as can happen in patients taking this type of medicine ( immune - suppressants ), a very small number of cellcept patients have developed cancer of the lymphoid tissues and skin . general unwanted effects you may get general side effects affecting your body as a whole . these include serious allergic reactions ( such as anaphylaxis , angioeodema ), fever , feeling very tired , difficulty sleeping , pains ( such as stomach , chest , joint or muscle ), headache , flu symptoms and swelling . other unwanted effects may include : skin problems such as : acne , cold sores , shingles , skin growth , hair loss , rash , itching . urinary problems such as : blood in the urine . digestive system and mouth problems such as : swelling of the gums and mouth ulcers , inflammation of the pancreas , colon or stomach , gastrointestinal disorders including bleeding , liver disorder , diarrhea , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence . nervous system problems such as : feeling dizzy , drowsy or numb , tremor , muscle spasms , convulsions , feeling anxious or depressed , changes in your mood or thoughts . heart and blood vessel problems such as : change in blood pressure , accelerated heartbeat widening of blood vessels . lung problems such as : pneumonia , bronchitis , shortness of breath , cough , which can be due to bronchiectasis ( a condition in which the lung airways are abnormally dilated ) or pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ). talk to your doctor if you develop a persistent cough or breathlessness . fluid on the lungs or inside the chest , sinus problems . other problems such as : weight loss , gout , high blood sugar , bleeding , bruising . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious if you get any serious side effects , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - feeling very thirsty , passing urine more often than usual or passing greater amounts of urine than usual , increased appetite with weight loss ( possible symptoms of high blood sugar levels , also called hyperglycaemia ) - fever , cough , runny nose , enlarged lymph nodes , painful joints , rash , night sweats , weight loss ( possible symptoms of a low level of lymphocytes , a type of white blood cells ) common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people - rash , itching , hives , breathlessness , difficulty breathing , wheezing , cough , light - headedness , dizziness , changes in levels of consciousness , low blood pressure , reddening of the skin , swelling of the face and / or throat , blue discoloration of the lips , tongue or skin ( possible signs of severe allergic reactions ) - breathing problems including difficult or painful breathing , cough , rapid breathing , blue discoloration of the lips , tongue or skin , hiccups ( possible symptoms of pneumonitis ) - passing urine less often than usual or passing smaller amounts of urine than usual , swelling in legs , ankles and around the eyes , tiredness , confusion , nausea , seizure , chest pain ( possible symptoms of acute kidney failure ) - pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth ( possible symptoms of osteonecrosis of the jaw ) - rash , skin reddening , blistering of lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling ( possible symptoms of erythema multiforme ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in every 100 people - difficulty breathing , headache , nausea , vomiting ( possible symptoms of a condition called ketoacidosis that involves a high level of acids in the blood ) - severe upper stomach pain ( possible symptoms of pancreatitis ) - rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( possible symptoms of stevens - johnson syndrome ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - rash , fever ( possible symptoms of drug rash with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress )) 58 other possible side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . very common : - painful and frequent urination ( possible symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - tiredness , pale skin ( possible symptoms of anaemia , a condition involving a low level of red blood cells ) - spontaneous bleeding or bruising ( signs of a low level of thrombocytes , also called platelets , in the blood ) - loss of appetite - headache - strange taste in the mouth ( dysgeusia ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - mouth sores or ulcers with gum inflammation ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - upset stomach , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - rash - hair loss or hair thinning ( alopecia ) - itching ( pruritus ) - dry skin - tiredness ( fatigue ) - pain , redness and swelling of airways or food pipe or genital mucosa ( mucosal inflammation ) - swollen hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - fever ( pyrexia ) - mucosal dryness - weight decreased - reduced level of calcium in the blood , which may sometimes lead to cramps ( hypocalcaemia ) - reduced level of potassium in the blood , associated with muscle weakness , muscle spasms and / or abnormal heart rhythm ( hypokalaemia ) common : - dehydration - problems falling asleep ( insomnia ) - dry eye - blurred vision - headache , dizziness ( possible symptoms of of high blood pressure ) - swelling of part or all of your arm ( including fingers ) or leg ( including toes ), feeling of heaviness , restricted movement , discomfort , thickening of the skin and recurring infections ( possible symptoms of lymphoedema ) - toothache - bleeding , tender or enlarged gums ( signs of inflammation of the gums ) - cracked , chapped lips ( cheilitis ) - gingival pain - erythema - skin inflammation with rash ( dermatitis ) - reddening and / or swelling and possibly peeling on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet , which may be accompanied by a tingling sensation and burning pain ( signs of hand - foot syndrome ) - muscle spasms - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - generalised swelling ( oedema ) 59 during piqray treatment , the results of some blood tests may be abnormal , as follows : very common : - high blood levels of the following enzymes : gamma glutamyl transferase , alanine aminotransferase , lipase - high blood level of sugar - high blood level of creatinine and / or calcium - low blood level of lymphocytes , platelets , sugar , haemoglobin and / or albumin - increase in activated partial thromboplastin time ( a measurement of blood clotting ability ) common : - high blood level of glycosylated haemoglobin ( a marker of blood sugar level over the last 8 to 12 weeks ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the effects in this list . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people . diarrhoea feeling sick in your stomach vomiting fever respiratory tract congestion , such as stuffy nose and sore throat , has been reported in patients with kidney disease not yet on dialysis . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people . increased blood pressure . headaches , particularly sudden , stabbing migraine - like headaches , feeling confused or having fits may be signs of a sudden increase in blood pressure . this requires urgent treatment . raised blood pressure may require treatment with medicines ( or adjustment to any medicines you already take for high blood pressure ). blood clots ( including deep vein thrombosis and embolism ) that may require urgent treatment . you may have chest pain , breathlessness , and painful swelling and redness , usually in the leg as symptoms . cough . skin rashes , which may result from an allergic reaction . bone or muscle pain . flu - like symptoms , such as headache , aches and pains in the joints , feeling of weakness , chills , tiredness and dizziness . these may be more common at the start of treatment . if you have these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to avoid them in the future . redness , burning and pain at the site of injection . swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers . arm or leg pain . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people . high levels of blood potassium which can cause abnormal heart rhythm ( this is a very common side effect in patients on dialysis ). fits . nose or airway congestion . allergic reaction . hives . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms of pure red cell aplasia ( prca ) prca means the bone marrow does not make enough red blood cells . prca causes sudden and severe anaemia . the symptoms are : unusual tiredness , feeling dizzy , breathlessness . prca has been very rarely reported mostly in patients with kidney disease after months to years of treatment with epoetin alfa and other products that stimulate red blood cell production . an increase in levels of small blood cells ( called platelets ), which are normally involved in the formation of a blood clot may occur , particularly when starting treatment . your doctor will check on this . severe allergic reaction that may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , itchy rash ( hives ). problem with the blood that may cause pain , dark coloured urine or increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight ( porphyria ). if you are receiving haemodialysis : blood clots ( thrombosis ) may form in your dialysis shunt . this is more likely if you have low blood pressure or if your fistula has complications . blood clots may also form in your haemodialysis system . your doctor may decide to increase your heparin dose during dialysis . serious skin rashes including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using abseamed if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are aware of any of these effects , or if you notice any other effects while you are receiving treatment with abseamed . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , osigraft can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) 21 common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data in clinical studies , the following undesirable effects have been reported : common reported side effects included : discoloration of the wound site , erythema ( redness of the skin ), tenderness , and swelling over the implant site , heterotopic ossification / myositis ossificans ( bone formation outside of the fracture area ). if any of the side effects gets serious or if you notice any side effect not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people 56 palpitations ( the feeling of a pounding heart ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach ache constipation dry mouth sudden need to defecate indigestion ( dyspepsia ) tiredness raised levels of creatine phosphokinase in blood tests weight gain muscle spasms muscle pain ( myalgia ) painful stiff neck ( torticollis ) tingling in extremities ( paraesthesia ) dizziness reduced sense of touch or sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) depression protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ) nose bleed ( epistaxis ) rash persistent itch ( pruritus ) pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking vipidia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include : a rash , hives , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue and feeling faint . - a severe allergic reaction : skin lesions or spots on your skin that can progress to a sore surrounded by pale or red rings , blistering and / or peeling of the skin possibly with symptoms such as itching , fever , overall ill feeling , achy joints , vision problems , burning , painful or itchy eyes and mouth sores ( stevens - johnson syndrome and erythema multiforme ). - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). you should also discuss with your doctor if you experience the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - symptoms of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) may occur when vipidia is taken in combination with insulin or sulphonylureas ( e . g . glipizide , tolbutamide , glibenclamide ). symptoms may include : trembling , sweating , anxiety , blurred vision , tingling lips , paleness , mood change or feeling confused . your blood sugar could fall below the normal level , but can be increased again by taking sugar . it is recommended that you carry some sugar lumps , sweets , biscuits or sugary fruit juice . - cold like symptoms such as sore throat , stuffy or blocked nose , - rash - itchy skin - headache - stomach ache - diarrhoea - indigestion , heartburn 38 not known : - liver problems such as nausea or vomiting , stomach pain , unusual or unexplained tiredness , loss of appetite , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects have been reported with this medicine . seek medical attention immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( these usually involve a combination of effects such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and increased heart rate .) - sudden increase in body temperature , with sweating , fast heartbeat , severe muscle stiffness , confusion and fluctuating blood pressure which may lead to coma - convulsions , fits or seizures - fainting - falls which may occur as a result of one or more adverse events such as : sleepiness , sudden drops in blood pressure when you stand up , dizziness and changes in your ability to move and balance . tell your doctor right away if you have : - signs of increased blood sugar levels such as excessive thirst , hunger or urination , weakness or onset of worsening of diabetes - worm - like movements of the tongue , or other uncontrolled movements of the tongue , mouth , cheeks , or jaw which may progress to arms and legs other side effects reported with this medicine include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - anxiety - sleepiness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - increased appetite - slow or sustained muscle contractions - restlessness - involuntary muscle contractions - slow movements , tremor - sedation - dizziness - nausea - change in taste - numb feeling of the tongue or in the mouth 43 - increased saliva ( drooling ) - muscle tightness - fatigue - increase in the level of liver proteins uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - abnormal muscle movements : a collection of symptoms known as extrapyramidal symptoms ( eps ) which may include one or more of the following : abnormal movements of muscles , tongue , or jaw , slow or sustained muscle contractions , muscle spasms , tremor ( shaking ), abnormal movements of the eyes , involuntary muscle contractions , slow movements , or restlessness - unpleasant sensations in the legs ( also called restless legs syndrome ) - speech problems - abnormal slow or fast heartbeat - middle heart block - abnormal electrocardiogram ( prolongation of the qt interval ) - low blood pressure upon standing - low blood pressure - tingling of the tongue or in the mouth - swollen or painful tongue - difficulty in swallowing - ulcers , soreness , redness , swelling , and blisters within the mouth - sexual dysfunction - lack of regular menstrual periods rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - changes in the levels of white blood cells - difficulties in focusing with the eyes - blood clots in blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing - muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains - male breast enlargement - leakage of milk or fluid from the breast reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : abnormal blood tests for liver function have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). the signs and symptoms of liver problems include : o nausea ( feeling sick ) o vomiting ( being sick ) o stomach pain o muscle aches and pains o fever o skin or whites of your eyes turn yellow o being more tired than usual o feeling like you have the flu tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms as your doctor may decide to stop the treatment . the following other side effects have also occurred : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea nausea and vomiting ( feeling or being sick ) stomach pain , discomfort or stomach bloating decreased appetite indigestion flatulence ( wind ) constipation weight loss 40 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestine that causes diarrhoea and vomiting regurgitation ( bringing food back up ) burping feeling of incomplete defaecation ( bowel movement ), urgent need to defaecate bleeding from your rectum ( back passage ) or blood in your stool dizziness , headache , migraine tiredness , lack of energy or general weakness enlarged , damaged or fatty liver purple discoloration of the skin , solid bumps on the skin , rash , yellow bumps on the skin changes to blood clotting tests changes to blood cell count decrease in levels of potassium , carotene , vitamin e , vitamin k in your blood muscle spasms uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu or cold , fever , inflammation of your sinuses , cough low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) dehydration , dry mouth increased appetite burning or prickling of the skin swelling of the eye ulcer or sore spot in the throat vomiting blood dry skin blister excessive sweating joint pain or swelling , pain in hands or feet muscle pain blood or protein in the urine chest pain changes to your walking ( gait ) abnormal lung function test not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hair loss ( alopecia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) loss of fluid that may cause headache , dry mouth , dizziness , tiredness or unconsciousness ( dehydration ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : the most serious side effects of busilvex therapy or the transplant procedure may include decrease in circulating blood cell counts ( intended effect of the medicine to prepare you for your transplant infusion ), infection , liver disorders including blocking of a liver vein , graft versus host disease ( the graft attacks your body ) and pulmonary complications . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and liver enzymes regularly to detect and manage these events . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): blood : decrease of blood circulating cells ( red and white ) and platelets . infections . nervous system : insomnia , anxiety , dizziness , and depression . nutrition : loss of appetite , decrease in magnesium , calcium , potassium , phosphate , albumine in blood , and increase in blood sugar . cardiac : increase in heart rate , increase or decrease of blood pressure , vasodilatation ( a state of increased calibre of the blood vessels ), and blood clots . respiratory : shortness of breath , nasal secretion ( rhinitis ), sore throat , cough , hiccup , nosebleeds , abnormal breath sounds . gastro - intestinal : nausea , inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , heart burn , anus discomfort , liquid in the abdomen . hepatic : enlarged liver , jaundice , blocking of a liver vein . skin : rash , itching , loss of hairs . muscle and bone : back , muscle and joint pain . renal : increase in creatinine elimination , discomfort in urination , decrease in urine output and bloody urine . general : fever , headache , weakness , chills , pain , allergic reaction , oedema , general pain or inflammation at injection site , chest pain , inflammation of the mucosa . investigations : elevated liver enzymes and weight increased . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nervous system : confusion , nervous system disorders . nutrition : low blood sodium . cardiac : changes and abnormalities in heart rhythm , fluid retention or inflammation around the heart , decrease heart output . respiratory : increase in breath rhythm , respiratory failure , alveolar haemorrhages , asthma , collapse of small portions of the lung , fluid around the lung . gastro - intestinal : inflammation of the mucosa of oesophagus , paralysis of the gut , vomiting blood . skin : skin colour disorder , redness of the skin , skin desquamation . renal : increase in the amount of nitrogen components in the blood stream , moderate renal insufficiency , renal disorder . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nervous system : delirium , nervousness , hallucination , agitation , abnormal brain function , cerebral haemorrhage , and seizure . cardiac : clotting of femoral artery , extra heart beats , decrease in heart rate , diffuse leak of fluid from the capillaries ( small blood vessels ). respiratory : decrease in blood oxygen . gastro - intestinal : bleeding in the stomach and / or the gut . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) sex glands dysfunction . lens disorders including clouding of the lens of the eye ( cataract ), and blurred vision ( corneal thinning ). menopausal symptoms and female infertility . brain abscess , inflammation of the skin , generalised infection . liver disorders . increase of lactate dehydrogenase in the blood . increase of uric acid and urea in the blood . incomplete development of teeth . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking invokana and talk to a doctor or go to the nearest hospital immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) possible signs of severe allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may lead to difficulty breathing or swallowing . diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 ): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling sick or being sick stomach pain excessive thirst fast and deep breathing confusion unusual sleepiness or tiredness 44 a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . diabetic ketoacidosis may occur more frequently as the kidney function gets worse . the doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop the treatment with invokana . dehydration ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) loss of too much fluid from your body ( dehydration ). this happens more often in elderly people ( aged 75 and over ), people with kidney problems , and people taking water tablets ( diuretics ). possible signs of dehydration are : - feeling light - headed or dizzy - passing out ( fainting ) or feeling dizzy or faint when you stand up - very dry or sticky mouth , feeling very thirsty - feeling very weak or tired - passing little or no urine - fast heartbeat . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following side effects : hypoglycaemia ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with insulin or a sulphonylurea ( such as glimepiride or glipizide ). possible signs of low blood sugar are : - blurred vision - tingling lips - trembling , sweating , pale looking - a change in mood or feeling anxious or confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs above . urinary tract infections ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract , e . g .: - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see blood in your urine , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) vaginal yeast infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash or redness of the penis or foreskin ( yeast infection ) changes in urination ( including urinating more frequently or in larger amounts , urgent need to urinate , need to urinate at night ) constipation feeling thirsty nausea blood tests may show changes in blood fat ( cholesterol ) levels and increases in amount of red blood cells in your blood ( haematocrit ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rash or red skin this may be itchy and include raised bumps , oozing fluid or blisters hives 45 blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( increased creatinine or urea ) or increased potassium blood tests may show increases in your blood phosphate level bone fracture kidney failure ( mainly as a consequence of loss of too much fluid from your body ). lower limb amputations ( mainly of the toe ) especially if you are at high risk of heart disease . phimosis difficulty pulling back the foreskin around the tip of the penis . skin reactions after exposure to sunlight . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you get any sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). serious side effects if you develop any of the following side effects , contact your doctor immediately : - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may be general illness , dry , irritating cough , shortness of breath , breathlessness at rest , chest pain , or fever ) - spitting or coughing blood - severe peeling or blistering of the skin - unusual bleeding ( including vomiting blood ) or bruising - severe diarrhoea - ulcers in mouth - black or tarry stools - blood in the urine or stools - tiny red spots on the skin - fever - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - pain or difficulty in passing urine - thirst and / or frequent urination - fits ( convulsions ) - loss of consciousness - blurred or decreased vision 145 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): loss of appetite , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , tummy pain , inflammation and ulcers in the mouth and throat , and increase in liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduced blood cell formation with decrease in white and / or red blood cells and / or platelets ( leukopenia , anaemia , thrombocytopenia ), headache , tiredness , drowsiness , inflammation of the lungs ( pneumonia ) with dry , non - productive cough , shortness of breath and fever , diarrhoea , rash , reddening of the skin , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decrease in the number of blood cells and platelets , dizziness , confusion , depression , fits , inflammation of blood vessels , lung damage , ulcers and bleeding in the digestive tract , liver disorders , diabetes , decreased blood protein , nettle rash , light sensitivity , brown skin , hair loss , increase of rheumatic nodules , shingles , painful psoriasis , joint or muscle pain , osteoporosis ( reduction of bone mass ), inflammation and ulcers of the bladder ( possibly with blood in the urine ), painful urination , severe allergic reactions , inflammation and ulcers of the vagina , slow wound healing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the sac around the heart , fluid in the sac around the heart , severe visual disturbance , mood fluctuations , low blood pressure , blood clots , sore throat , interruption of breathing , asthma , inflammation of the digestive tract , bloody stools , inflamed gums , abnormal digestion , acute hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ), changed colour of nails , acne , red or purple spots due to vessel bleeding , bone fracture , kidney failure , decrease or absence of urine , electrolyte disturbances , defective sperm formation , menstruation disorders . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): infections , severe failure of the bone marrow , liver failure , swollen glands , sleeplessness , pain , muscle weakness , sensation of numbness or tingling / having less sensitivity to stimulation than normal , changes in sense of taste ( metallic taste ), inflammation of the lining of the brain causing paralysis or vomiting , red eyes , damage to the retina of the eye , fluid in the lungs , vomiting blood , cold sores , protein in the urine , fever , loss of sex drive , problems having an erection , infection around a fingernail , severe complications of the gastrointestinal tract , boils , small blood vessels in the skin , fungal infections , damage to the blood vessels of the skin , vaginal discharge , infertility , male breast enlargement ( gynaecomastia ), inflammation of the brain , lymphoproliferative disorders ( excessive growth of white blood cells ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): bleeding from the lungs , bone damage in the jaw ( secondary to excessive growth of white blood cells ), tissue destruction at injection site , redness and shedding of skin , swelling . only mild local skin reactions were observed with nordimet and these decreased during therapy . nordimet may cause a reduction in the number of white blood cells and your resistance to infection may be decreased . if you experience an infection with symptoms such as fever and serious deterioration of your general condition , or fever with local infection symptoms such as sore throat / sore pharynx / sore mouth or urinary problems you should see your doctor immediately . a blood test will be taken to check for possible reduction of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ). it is important to tell your doctor that you are taking nordimet . methotrexate is known to cause bone disorders such as joint and muscle pain and osteoporosis . the frequency of these risks in children is not known . nordimet may cause serious ( sometimes life - threatening ) side effects . your doctor will do tests to check for abnormalities developing in the blood ( e . g . low white blood cells , low platelets , lymphoma ) and changes in the kidney and the liver . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . important side effects it is important to contact your doctor immediately - if you experience an allergic reaction including weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), skin rash , itchy rash ( urticaria ), swelling of the face lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ). - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) as this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ards ). - if you experience kidney injury ( glomerulonephritis ). kidney injury has been seen in patients who received filgrastim . call your doctor right away if you experience puffiness in your face or ankles , blood in your urine or brown - coloured urine or you notice you urinate less than usual . - - if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , or feeling very cold , high heart rate , confusion or disorientation , shortness of breath , extreme pain or discomfort and clammy or sweaty skin . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your shoulder , as there may be a problem with your spleen ( enlargement of the spleen ( splenomegaly ) or rupture of the spleen ). - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine ( haematuria ). your doctor may regularly test your urine if you experience this side effect or if protein is found in your urine ( proteinuria ). - a common side effect of tevagrastim use is pain in your muscles or bones ( musculoskeletal pain ), which could be relieved by taking standard pain relief medicines ( analgesics ). in patients undergoing a stem cell or bone marrow transplant , graft versus host disease ( gvhd ) may occur - this is a reaction of the donor cells against the patient receiving the transplant ; signs and symptoms include rash on the palms of your hands or soles of your feet and ulcer and sores in your mouth , gut , liver , skin , or your eyes , lungs , vagina and joints . in normal stem cell donors an increase in white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) and a decrease of platelets 54 may be seen this reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ), these will be monitored by your doctor . you may experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decrease of platelets which reduces the ability of blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) headache diarrhoea vomiting nausea unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) tiredness ( fatigue ) soreness and swelling of the digestive tract lining which runs from the mouth to the anus ( mucosal inflammation ) fever ( pyrexia ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ) upper respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection decreased appetite trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness decreased feeling of sensitivity , especially in the skin ( hypoaesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) constipation oral pain enlargement of the liver ( hepatomegaly ) rash redness of the skin ( erythema ) muscle spasm pain when passing urine ( dysuria ) chest pain pain generalised weakness ( asthenia ) generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood changes in blood chemistry transfusion reaction uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increase in white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) 55 rejection of transplanted bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) liver damage caused by blocking of the small veins within the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) lungs do not function as they should , causing breathlessness ( respiratory failure ) swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) abnormal x - rays of the lungs ( lung infiltration ) bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) lack of absorption of oxygen in the lung ( hypoxia ) bumpy skin rash ( rash macuo - papular ) disease which causes bones to become less dense , making them weaker , more brittle and likely to break ( osteoporosis ) injection site reaction rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe pain in the bones , chest , gut or joints ( sickle cell anaemia with crisis ) sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) pain and swelling of the joints , similar to gout ( pseudogout ) a change in how your body regulates fluids within your body and may result in puffiness ( fluid volume disturbances ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased inflammation of aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been seen with opatanol : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) effects in the eye : eye pain , eye irritation , dry eye , abnormal eye sensation , eye discomfort . general side effects headache , fatigue , dry nose , bad taste . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye blurred , reduced , or abnormal vision , corneal disorder , eye surface inflammation with or without surface damage , inflammation or infection of the conjunctiva , eye discharge , sensitivity to light , increased tear production , itchy eye , redness of the eye , eyelid abnormality , itching , redness , swelling , or crusting of the eyelid . general side effects abnormal or decreased sensation , dizziness , runny nose , dry skin , skin inflammation . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) effects in the eye eye swelling , corneal swelling , change in pupil size . general side effects shortness of breath , increased allergic symptoms , facial swelling , drowsiness , generalized weakness , nausea , vomiting , sinus infection , skin redness and itching . in very rare cases , some patients with severe damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye ( the cornea ) have developed cloudy patches on the cornea due to calcium build - up during treatment . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , exalief can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects can be very serious . if they happen to you stop taking exalief and tell a doctor or go to a hospital immediately , as you may need urgent medical treatment : rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue . these could be signs of an allergic reaction the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined as using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) very common side effects are : feeling dizzy or sleepy common side effects are : feeling unsteady or having a sensation of spinning or floating feeling sick or vomiting headache diarrhoea seeing double or blurred vision difficulty in concentration feeling low in energy or tired shaking clumsiness skin rash numbness and tingling in hands and feet uncommon side effects are : hypersensitivity worsening of seizures underactive thyroid gland . symptoms include cold intolerance , large tongue , thin and brittle fingernails or hair and low body temperature . increased levels of circulating fats in your blood difficulty in sleeping liver problems high or low blood pressure or a fall in blood pressure on standing up blood tests showing that you have low levels of salts or sodium in your blood or a reduction in red blood cells dehydration eye movement changes , fuzzy vision , red eye or eye pain having falls poor memory or forgetfulness crying , feeling depressed , nervous or confused , lack of interest or emotion inability to speak or write or understand spoken or written language agitated irritability mood changes or hallucinations difficulty in speaking nosebleed chest pain weight loss and general ill health ( cachexia ) feeling numb in any part of your body burning sensation 57 disturbances in the sense of smell and / or tasting ear pain or ringing in the ears swelling in your legs and arms heart burn , stomach upset , abdominal pain , abdominal bloating and discomfort or dry mouth blood in faeces inflamed gums , mouth inflammation or toothache painful swallowing sweating or having dry skin nail or skin changes ( e . g . red skin ) hair loss having irregular periods increased urine production during night time urinary tract infection feeling generally unwell or having chills increased or decreased appetite weight loss or extreme weight gain muscle pain back pain or neck pain cold limbs faster , slower or irregular heart beat feeling sleepy neurological movement disorder where your muscles contract causing twisting and repetitive movements or abnormal postures . symptoms include tremors , pain , cramping . irritable bowel syndrome ( ibs ). symptoms include chronic abdominal cramps and diarrhoea or constipation . rare side effects are : reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising severe pain in the back and stomach reduction in white blood cells which makes infections more likely the use of exalief is associated with an abnormality in ecg ( electrocardiogram ) called increase in pr interval . side effects associated with this ecg abnormality ( e . g . fainting and slowing of heart beat ) may occur . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking karvea and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with karvea were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you suffer from high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , blood tests may show an increased level of potassium . common ( may affect up to 1 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick / vomiting , fatigue and blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine 104 kinase enzyme ). in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , dizziness when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in joints or muscles and decreased levels of a protein in the red blood cells ( haemoglobin ) were also reported . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heart rate increased , flushing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion / heartburn , sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ), chest pain . some undesirable effects have been reported since marketing of karvea . undesirable effects where the frequency is not known are : feeling of spinning , headache , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , muscle cramps , pain in joints and muscles , reduced number of platelets , abnormal liver function , increased blood potassium levels , impaired kidney function , inflammation of small blood vessels mainly affecting the skin ( a condition known as leukocytoclastic vasculitis ) and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): being short of breath , feeling tired , having pale skin , or fast heart beat - these may be signs of a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) bleeding or bruising for longer than usual if you hurt yourself - these may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) fever or infection these may be signs of a low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling tired being sick ( vomiting ) pain in the stomach changes in the way food tastes abnormal blood tests - increase in levels of liver enzymes loss of appetite diarrhoea abnormal blood tests - increase in blood creatinine levels difficulty breathing feeling dizzy sunburn heartburn rash common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high cholesterol levels indigestion dehydration itching uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): redness , swelling , and pain on the palms of the hands and , or the soles of the feet red patches on the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 42 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , exubera can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects reported very commonly ( seen in more than 1 in 10 patients ) hypoglycaemia - as with all insulin therapy , the most common side effect with exubera is hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ). please see the end of this section for important further information about hypoglycaemia and its treatment . cough - a cough may occur within seconds to minutes after inhaling exubera . the cough is usually mild and often gets better over time . side effects reported commonly ( seen in less than 1 in 10 but more than 1 in 100 patients ) commonly reported side effects are mild to moderate shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ), productive cough , throat irritation and dry throat . side effects reported uncommonly ( seen in less than 1 in 100 but more than 1 in 1000 patients ). uncommon side effects are inflammation of the throat ( pharyngitis ), nose bleed ( epistaxis ), airway constriction with difficulties breathing ( bronchospasm ), wheezing , voice alteration ( dysphonia ), throat pain ( pharyngolaryngeal pain ), tonsillar disorder , dry mouth and chest pain . other side effects some patients have experienced fluid in the lung lining ( pleural effusion ). insulin treatment can cause the body to produce antibodies to insulin ( substances that bind to insulin ). development of such antibodies is seen more commonly in patients treated with exubera compared to subcutaneous insulin . although these antibodies may be produced , they do not have any effect on your blood glucose control . a small decrease in your lung function may occur during exubera treatment , although you should not notice any symptoms . this change occurs within the first months of treatment and usually doesn ' t worsen as you continue treatment . if you stop therapy with exubera , your lung function will usually return to your normal level . if you notice a change in your breathing while taking exubera inform your doctor . severe allergic reactions to insulin are very rare . such reactions to insulin or to the other ingredients can cause skin reactions , severe swelling of skin or mucous membranes ( angio - oedema ), shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure and may become life threatening . changes to your sight may occur upon starting insulin therapy . these changes are usually mild and go away with time . insulin treatment may also cause temporary build - up of water in the body with swelling in the calves and ankles . if any of these side effects get serious or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . if your blood sugar is too low ( hypoglycaemia ) your blood sugar levels may fall too much , if for example : you take too much insulin , you miss meals or delay them , you do not eat enough , or eat food containing less carbohydrate than normal ( sugar and substances similar to sugar are called carbohydrates ; however , artificial sweeteners are not carbohydrates ), you lose or are unable to consume carbohydrates due to vomiting or diarrhoea , you drink alcohol , particularly if you are not eating much , you take more physical exercise than usual or a different type of physical activity , you are recovering from an injury or operation or other stress , you are recovering from a feverish illness or from another illness , you are taking or have stopped taking certain other medicines ( see section 2 , " taking other medicines "). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar levels ) are also more likely to occur if : you have just begun insulin treatment or changed to another insulin preparation , your blood sugar levels are almost normal or are unstable , you suffer from severe kidney or liver disease , or some other disease such as hypothyroidism . symptoms that tell you that your blood sugar level is falling too much or too fast may be , for example : sweating , clammy skin , anxiety , fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , palpitations and irregular heartbeat , chest pain ( angina pectoris ). these symptoms often develop before the symptoms of a low sugar level in the brain . the following symptoms indicate a low sugar level in the brain : headaches , intense hunger , nausea , vomiting , tiredness , sleepiness , sleep disturbances , restlessness , aggressive behaviour , lapses in concentration , impaired reactions , depression , confusion , speech disturbances ( sometimes total loss of speech ), visual disorders , trembling , paralysis , tingling sensations ( paraesthesia ), numbness and tingling sensations in the area of the mouth , dizziness , loss of self - control , inability to look after yourself , convulsions , loss of consciousness . the first symptoms which alert you to hypoglycaemia (" warning symptoms ") may change , be weaker or may be missing altogether if : you are elderly , you have had diabetes for a long time due to diabetes , you suffer from a certain type of nervous disease ( autonomic neuropathy ), you have recently suffered hypoglycaemia ( e . g . the day before ) or if it develops slowly , you have almost normal or , at least , greatly improved blood sugar levels , you are taking or have taken certain other medicines ( see section 2 , " taking other medicines "). in such a case , you may develop severe hypoglycaemia ( and even lose consciousness ) before you are aware of the problem . try always to keep familiar with your warning symptoms . if necessary , more frequent blood sugar testing can help to identify mild hypoglycaemic episodes that might otherwise be overlooked . while you are not confident about recognising your warning symptoms , avoid situations ( e . g . driving a car ) in which you or others would be put at risk by hypoglycaemia . what to do in case of hypoglycaemia 1 . do not take more insulin . immediately take about 10 to 20 gram sugar , e . g . as glucose , sugar cubes or a sugar - sweetened drink . ( measure once as spoonfuls or lumps of sugar or glucose tablets to see how much this means ). caution : please remember that artificial sweeteners and foods with artificial sweeteners ( e . g . diet drinks ) are of no help in hypoglycaemia . 2 . then eat something that has a long - acting effect in raising your blood sugar ( e . g . bread ). your doctor or nurse will have discussed this with you . 3 . if the hypoglycaemia comes back again take another 10 to 20 gram sugar . 4 . speak to a doctor immediately if you are not able to control the hypoglycaemia or if it recurs . always carry some sugar ( at least 20 grams ) with you . if you are not able to swallow or if you are unconscious , you will require an injection of glucose or glucagon ( a medicine which increases blood sugar ). these injections may be justified even if it is not certain that you have hypoglycaemia . it is advisable to test your blood sugar immediately after taking glucose to check that you really have hypoglycaemia . if your blood sugar is too high ( hyperglycaemia ) your blood sugar level may be too high , if for example : you have not taken enough insulin , or if it has become less effective , e . g . through incorrect storage , you are doing less physical exercise , you are under stress ( emotional distress , excitement ), or if you have an injury , operation , feverish illness or certain other diseases , you are taking or have taken certain other medicines ( see section 2 , " taking other medicines "). symptoms that may tell you that your blood sugar levels are too high : thirst , increased need to pass water , tiredness , dry skin , reddening of the face , loss of appetite , low blood pressure , fast heartbeat , and glucose and ketone bodies in urine may be signs of too high blood sugar . stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or even loss of consciousness may be signs of a serious condition ( ketoacidosis ) resulting from lack of insulin . test your blood sugar level and your urine for ketones as soon as any such symptoms of hyperglycaemia occur as described above . severe hyperglycaemia or ketoacidosis must always be treated by a doctor , normally in a hospital . carry some information with you to show you are diabetic .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the effects in this list . serious skin rashes including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using retacrit if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people . diarrhoea feeling sick in your stomach vomiting fever respiratory tract congestion , such as stuffy nose and sore throat , has been reported in patients with kidney disease not yet on dialysis . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people . increased blood pressure . headaches , particularly sudden , stabbing migraine - like headaches , feeling confused or having fits may be signs of a sudden increase in blood pressure . this requires urgent treatment . raised blood pressure may require treatment with medicines ( or adjustment to any medicines you already take for high blood pressure ). blood clots ( including deep vein thrombosis and embolism ) that may require urgent treatment . you may have chest pain , breathlessness , and painful swelling and redness , usually in the leg as symptoms . cough skin rashes , which may result from an allergic reaction . bone or muscle pain flu - like symptoms , such as headache , aches and pains in the joints , feeling of weakness , chills , tiredness and dizziness . these may be more common at the start of treatment . if you have these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to avoid them in the future . redness , burning and pain at the site of injection swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers arm or leg pain uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people . high levels of blood potassium which can cause abnormal heart rhythm ( this is a very common side effect in patients on dialysis ). fits nose or airway congestion allergic reaction hives rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 000 people . symptoms of pure red cell aplasia ( prca ) prca means the bone marrow does not make enough red blood cells . prca causes sudden and severe anaemia . the symptoms are : o unusual tiredness , o feeling dizzy , o breathlessness . prca has been very rarely reported mostly in patients with kidney disease after months to years of treatment with retacrit and other products that stimulate red blood cell production . an increase in levels of small blood cells ( called platelets ), which are normally involved in the formation of a blood clot may occur , particularly when starting treatment . your doctor will check on this . severe allergic reaction that may include : o a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat o difficulty swallowing or breathing o itchy rash ( hives ). problem with the blood that may cause pain , dark coloured urine or increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight ( porphyria ). if you are receiving haemodialysis : blood clots ( thrombosis ) may form in your dialysis shunt . this is more likely if you have low blood pressure or if your fistula has complications . blood clots may also form in your haemodialysis system . your doctor may decide to increase your heparin dose during dialysis . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are aware of any of these effects , or if you notice any other effects while you are receiving treatment with retacrit . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel hexal can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel hexal '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel hexal . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel hexal '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel hexal are : - common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported : the most common side effects are in and around the eyes . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - eye pain , 23 - eye irritation common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness of the eyelid , - watery eyes , - eye redness , - blurred vision , - swelling of the eyelid , - redness of the conjunctiva ( thin membrane covering the front part of the eye ), - itching in the eye uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - discomfort in or around the eye when the drops are put into the eye , including feeling that there is something in the eye , - irritation or swelling of the conjunctiva ( thin membrane covering the front part of the eye ), - tear disorder , - eye discharge , - irritation or inflammation of the conjunctiva ( thin membrane covering the front part of the eye ), - inflammation of the iris ( coloured part of the eye ) or eyelid , - deposits in the eye , - abrasion to the outer layer of the cornea , - red or swollen eyelids , - cyst in the eyelid , - immune response or scarring in the cornea , - itching in the eyelid , - bacterial infection or inflammation of the cornea ( transparent front part of the eye ), - painful rash around the eye caused by the herpes zoster virus , - headache reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice the following side effects , as these may be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal : - difficulty in breathing - coughing - chest pain - fever tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice one or more of the following side effects , as these may be signs of allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - fever - sudden weight gain - water retention - fainting - palpitations ( strong heartbeat you can feel in your chest ) while on treatment with trisenox , you may experience some of the following reactions : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - fatigue ( weariness ), pain , fever , headache 32 - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - dizziness , muscle pain , numbness or tingling - rash or itching , increased blood sugar , oedema ( swelling due to excess fluid ) - shortness of breath , fast heart beat , abnormal ecg heart tracing - reduced potassium or magnesium in the blood , liver function tests abnormal including presence of excess bilirubin or gamma - glutamyltransferase in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( platelets , red and / or white blood cells ), increased white blood cells - chills , increased weight - a fever due to an infection and low levels of white blood cells , herpes zoster infection - chest pain , bleeding in the lung , hypoxia ( low oxygen level ), collection of fluid around the heart or the lung , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm - fit , joint or bone pain , inflammation of the blood vessels - increased sodium or magnesium , ketones in the blood and urine ( ketoacidosis ), renal function tests abnormal , kidney failure - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - redness of the skin , swollen face , blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - lung infection , infection in the blood - inflammation of the lungs which causes chest pain and breathlessness , cardiac failure - dehydration , confusion - cerebral disease ( encephalopathy , wernicke encephalopathy ) with various manifestations including difficulties to use arms and legs , speech disorders and confusion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects these may affect one or more users in 10 affecting the eye slight redness ( up to 29 % of people ) common side effects these may affect 1 to 9 users in 100 affecting the eye small breaks in the surface of the eye , with or without inflammation irritation itchy eyes longer eyelashes irritation , when drop is put in the eye eye pain affecting the skin red and itchy eyelids darker skin colour around the eye hair growth around the eye uncommon side effects these may affect 1 to 9 users in 1000 affecting the eye 53 darker iris colour tired eye swelling of the surface of the eye blurred vision loss of eye lashes affecting the skin dry skin crusting on the edge of the eyelid swelling of the eyelid itching affecting the body headache feeling of sickness side effects where the frequency is not known affecting the eye macular oedema ( swelling of the retina at the back of the eye which may lead to worsening vision ) darker eyelid colour eyes appear sunken dryness sticky eyes a feeling that something is in your eye swelling of the eye increasing tears ocular discomfort sensitivity to light affecting the body asthma worsening of asthma worsening of the lung disease called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) shortness of breath symptoms of allergic reaction ( swelling , redness of the eye and rash of the skin ) dizziness increased blood pressure skin discoloration ( periocular ) in addition to the side effects for lumigan 0 . 1 mg / ml , the following side effects have been seen with another medicine containing a higher strength of bimatoprost ( 0 . 3 mg / ml ): ocular burning an allergic reaction in the eye inflamed eyelids difficulty in seeing clearly worsening of vision swelling of the see - through layer that covers the eye tears darker eyelashes retinal bleeding inflammation within the eye cystoid macular oedema ( swelling of the retina within the eye leading to worsening vision ) 54 eyelid twitching eyelid shrinking , moving away from surface of the eye skin redness around the eye weakness an increase in blood - test results that show how your liver is working other side effects reported with eye drops containing phosphates in very rare cases , some patients with severe damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye ( the cornea ) have developed cloudy patches on the cornea due to calcium build - up during treatment . reporting side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of the medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function tests , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , fungal infections , confusion , hallucinations , vomiting , abnormal gait , heart failure and venous blood clotting ( thrombosis / thromboembolism ) 27 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) and psychotic reactions alzheimer ' s disease has been associated with depression , suicidal ideation and suicide . these events have been reported in patients treated with memantine hydrochloride . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v *. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop skin rash ( very common ) / burning or prickling sensation ( common ), or fever ( common ). rarely , skin reactions may be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon ) ( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ). side effects with pemetrexed may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level ( anaemia ) low platelet count diarrhoea vomiting pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth nausea loss of appetite fatigue ( tiredness ) skin rash hair loss constipation loss of sensation kidney : abnormal blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction : skin rash / burning or prickling sensation infection including sepsis fever dehydration kidney failure irritation of the skin and itching chest pain muscle weakness conjunctivitis ( inflamed eye ) upset stomach pain in the abdomen taste change liver : abnormal blood tests watery eyes increased skin pigmentation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) acute renal failure fast heart rate inflammation of the lining of the oesophagus ( gullet ) has been experienced with pemetrexed / radiation therapy . colitis ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ) interstitial pneumonitis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung ) oedema ( excess fluid in body tissue , causing swelling ). some patients have experienced a heart attack , stroke or " mini - stroke " while receiving pemetrexed usually in combination with another anticancer therapy . pancytopenia - combined low counts of white cells , red cells and platelets radiation pneumonitis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung associated with radiation therapy ) may occur in patients who are also treated with radiation either before , during or after their pemetrexed therapy . extremity pain , low temperature and discolouration have been reported . blood clots in the lung blood vessels ( pulmonary embolism ) 44 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) radiation recall ( a skin rash like severe sunburn ) which can occur on skin that has previously been exposed to radiotherapy , from days to years after the radiation . bullous conditions ( blistering skin diseases )- including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis haemolytic anaemia ( anaemia due to destruction of red blood cells ) hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data lower limb swelling with pain and redness increased urine output thirst and increased water consumption hypernatraemia increased sodium in blood inflammation of the skin , mainly of the lower limb with swelling , pain and redness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking repso - if you feel weak , light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience - pale skin , tiredness , or bruising , as these may indicate blood disorders caused by an imbalance in the different types of blood cells which make up blood . - tiredness , abdominal pain , or jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the eyes or skin ), as these may indicate serious conditions such as liver failure , which may be fatal . - any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or cough , as this medicine may increase the chance of a severe infection which may be life - threatening . - cough or breathing problems as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ). - unusual tingling , weakness or pain in your hands or feet as these may indicate problems with your nerves ( peripheral neuropathy ). other side effects 43 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - mild increase in blood pressure . - slight reduction in the number of white blood cells , which makes infections more likely ( leucopenia ). - skin sensation , i . e . burning , prickling , itching , or tingling ( paraesthesia ). - hedache . - dizziness . - diarrhoea . - colitis . - nausea . - vomiting . - mouth ulcers or inflammation . - abdominal pain . - increased hair loss . - eczema . - rash . - itching . - dry skin . - pain , swelling and tenderness most often in the hand , wrist or feet . - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ). - loss of appetite . - weight loss ( usually insignificant ). - lack or loss of strength ( weakness ). - mild allergic reactions . - an increase in some liver test results . - problems in the nerves of the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness ( anaemia ). - mild reduction in blood platelets , which increases the risk of bleeding or bruising . - taste disturbances . - nettle rash ( urticaria ). - ruptured tendons . - low blood levels of potassium which can cause muscle weakness , twitching or abnormal heart rhythm . - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood ( cholesterol and triglycerides ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - anxiety . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe increase in blood pressure . - decrease in the number of all blood cells ( pancytopenia ) - a pronounced reduction in the number of white blood cells , which makes infections more likely ( leucopenia ). - an increase in the number of blood cells called eosinophiles ( eosinophilia ). - inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ), which may be fatal . - an increase of lactate dehydrogenase ( a blood enzyme ). - severe infections ( including sepsis ), which may be fatal . - hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes caused by liver or blood problems ( jaundice ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an infection characterised by high fever , sore throat , skin lesions and an extreme reduction of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ). - inflammation of the pancreas , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back . - severe sometimes life - threatening reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - severe allergic reaction . - inflammation of the small vessels ( vasculitis , including cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis ). - severe liver damage ( i . e . liver failure , liver necrosis ), which may be fatal . other side effects such as kidney failure , a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood , pulmonary hypertension , male infertility ( which is reversible once treatment with this medicine is stopped ), cutaneous lupus ( characterized by rash / erythema on skin areas that are exposed to light ), psoriasis ( new or worsening ) and dress ( see above and section 2 ) may also occur with an unknown frequency . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , revasc can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be similar to the effects of surgery . the most likely side effect is bleeding . tell the doctor or nurse as soon as possible if any of the following side effects occur , some of which may be confused with side effects of surgery : common reported side effects ( likely to affect between 1 in 10 and 1 in 100 patients ): unusual tiredness or weakness ( anaemia ), nausea , oozing of fluid from wounds , low blood pressure , fever , inflammation of veins sometimes accompanied by a clot , lumps at injection sites , bruising , swelling of the legs caused by fluid retention , non - fatal allergic reactions . uncommon side effects ( likely to affect between 1 in 100 and 1 in 1 , 000 patients ): increase in liver enzymes , dizziness , sleeplessness , confusion , feeling breathless , vomiting ( with or without blood ), constipation , blood in your urine , difficulty in urinating , rash , itching ( urticaria ), low levels of potassium in the blood , burning feeling when passing urine with also an increased frequency of urination , slow healing of wounds , nose bleeds , high blood pressure , pain ( including pain in legs , stomach and / or chest ). rare side effects ( likely to affect between 1 in 1 , 000 and 1 in 10 , 000 patients ): anti - hirudin antibodies have been detected upon re - exposure isolated cases of fatal bleeding have been reported . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any side effects . side effects more likely at the start of treatment you may feel sick ( nausea ) and vomit at the start of treatment . these effects are usually mild or moderate and only last for a short time . talk to your doctor if they last for a long time or if you are worried about them . skin problems caused by the patch you may get redness and itching on the skin where the patch has been these reactions are usually mild or moderate . the reactions normally go away after a few hours once you remove the patch . talk to your doctor if you have a skin reaction that lasts longer than a few days or is severe . also do this if it spreads outside the area of skin that was covered by the patch . avoid sunlight and solarium exposure on areas of skin showing any kind of skin reaction caused by the patch . to help avoid the skin reactions , you should put the patch on a different area of skin every day , and only use the same area again after 14 days . loss of consciousness can occur neupro can cause loss of consciousness . this can happen especially when you start using neupro or when your dose is increased . tell your doctor if you lose consciousness or feel dizzy . changes in behaviour and abnormal thinking tell your doctor if you notice any changes in behaviour , thinking or both , that are listed below . they will discuss ways of managing or reducing symptoms . you may find it helpful to also tell a member of your family or carer that you are using this medicine and ask them to read this leaflet . this is so that your family or carer can tell you , or your doctor , if they are worried about any changes in your behaviour . neupro can cause unusual urges or cravings which you cannot resist such as the impulse , drive or temptation to do things that could harm yourself or others . these may include : strong impulse to gamble too much even if this seriously affects you or your family altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour which causes significant concern to you or others for example , an increased sex drive uncontrolled shopping or spending too much binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short period of time ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ). neupro may cause other behaviours and abnormal thinking . these may include : abnormal thoughts about reality delusions and hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not real ) 133 confusion disorientation aggressive behaviour agitation delirium . tell your doctor if you notice any changes in behaviour , thinking or both that are listed above . they will discuss ways of managing or reducing symptoms . allergic reactions contact your doctor if you notice signs of an allergic reaction these can include swelling of the face , tongue or lips . side effects when using neupro for restless legs syndrome tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling weak ( fatigue ) skin irritations under the patch such as redness and itching common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people itching feeling irritable allergic reaction increased sex drive high blood pressure vomiting , heartburn swelling of legs and feet feeling sleepy , falling asleep suddenly without warning , difficulty in sleeping , sleep problems , having unusual dreams unable to resist the impulse to perform an action that is harmful involving excessive gambling , repetitive meaningless actions , uncontrolled shopping or spending too much binge eating ( eating large amount of food in a short period of time ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than needed to satisfy hunger ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people feeling agitated feeling dizzy when standing up because of a fall in blood pressure rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people being aggressive disorientation not known : it is not known how often these happen craving large doses of medicines like neupro more than needed for the illness . this is known as ' dopamine dysregulation syndrome ' and can lead to use of too much neupro seeing or hearing things that are not real ( hallucinations ) nightmares paranoia confusion psychotic disorders delusion 134 delirium feeling dizzy loss of consciousness , involuntary movements ( dyskinesia ) involuntary muscle spasms ( convulsion ) blurry vision visual disturbances such as seeing colours or lights vertigo ( sensation of whirling motion ) feeling of heartbeat ( palpitation ) abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure hiccups constipation , dry mouth stomach discomfort and pain diarrhoea redness , increased sweating generalised itching , skin irritation generalised rash unable to achieve or maintain an erection weight loss , weight increase increased or abnormal liver function test results increased heart rate increased levels of creatine phosphokinase ( cpk ) ( cpk is an enzyme found mainly in skeletal muscles ) falling rhabdomyolysis ( a rare severe muscle disorder which causes pain , tenderness and weakness of the muscles and may lead to kidney problems ) talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . seek medical attention right away if you experience an allergic reaction that may include swelling of the mouth , tongue or throat when using this medicine . this side effect is uncommon . after using this medicine the skin where you apply it is likely to get red , peel and have scabs . these side effects most often occur within one day after applying this medicine . the side effects may get worse for up to 1 week after you have stopped using this medicine . they will usually get better within 2 weeks from when you started the treatment . infection of the skin in the treatment area can occur ( has been reported as a common side effect , which may affect up to 1 in 10 people , when treating the face and scalp ). swelling of the application site is very common ( has been reported in more than 1 in 10 people ). application site swelling on the face or scalp may gravitate to the eye area . should the symptoms described above intensify beyond the first week after you have stopped using this medicine , or if there is discharge of pus , you might have an infection and should contact your doctor or pharmacist . the most frequently occurring side effects when treating the face and scalp : very common side effects on the treatment area , may affect more than 1 in 10 people : on the treatment area : 41 - some of the outer layer of your skin may wear away ( erosion ) - blisters ( vesicles , pustules ) - peeling ( exfoliation ) - scabs - redness due to widening of the small blood vessels ( erythema ) - pain ( including application site burning ) the most frequently occurring side effects when treating the trunk and extremities : very common side effects on the treatment area , may affect more than 1 in 10 people : on the treatment area : - some of the outer layer of your skin may wear away ( erosion ) - blisters ( vesicles , pustules ) - peeling ( exfoliation ) - scabs - redness due to widening of the small blood vessels ( erythema ) other possible side effects when treating the face and scalp : common side effects , may affect up to 1 in 10 people : on the treatment area : - itching ( pruritus ) - irritation other side effects : - swelling of the area around the eye ( periorbital oedema ) - swelling ( oedema ) of your eye lid - headache uncommon side effects , may affect up to 1 in 100 people : on the treatment area : - tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ) - open sores ( ulcer ) - discharge ( secretion ) of fluid - change in skin colour ( pigmentation change ) other side effects : - eye pain - injury or irritation to the surface of the eye ( cornea , conjunctiva ) following accidental exposure rare side effects , may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : on the treatment area : - scarring other possible side effects when treating the trunk and extremities : common side effects , may affect up to 1 in 10 people : on the treatment area : - itching ( pruritus ) - irritation - pain ( including application site burning ) uncommon side effects , may affect up to 1 in 100 people : on the treatment area : - tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ) - open sores ( ulcer ) - change in skin colour ( pigmentation change ) 42 - warmth other side effects : - injury or irritation to the surface of the eye ( cornea , conjunctiva ) following accidental exposure rare side effects , may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : on the treatment area : - scarring reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . treatment with trizivir often causes a loss of fat from legs , arms and face ( lipoatrophy ). this loss of body fat has been shown to be not fully reversible after discontinuation of zidovudine . your doctor should monitor for signs of lipoatrophy . tell your doctor if you notice any loss of fat from your legs , arms , and face . when these signs occur , trizivir should be stopped and your hiv treatment changed . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everyone gets them . when you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of trizivir or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv infection itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . even patients who don ' t have the hla - b * 5701 gene may still develop a hypersensitivity reaction ( a serious allergic reaction ), described in this leaflet in the panel headed ' hypersensitivity reactions '. it is very important that you read and understand the information about this serious reaction . as well as the side effects listed below for trizivir , other conditions can develop during treatment . it is important to read the information on the other side of this leaflet under ' other possible side effects of trizivir '. hypersensitivity reactions trizivir contains abacavir ( which is also an active substance in kivexa , triumeq and ziagen ). abacavir can cause a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . these hypersensitivity reactions have been seen more frequently in people taking medicines that contain abacavir . who gets these reactions ? anyone taking trizivir could develop a hypersensitivity reaction to abacavir , which could be life threatening if they continue to take trizivir . you are more likely to develop such a reaction if you have a gene called hla - b * 5701 ( but you can get a reaction even if you do not have this gene ). you should have been tested for this gene before trizivir was prescribed for you . if you know you have this gene , tell your doctor before you take trizivir . about 3 to 4 in every 100 patients treated with abacavir in a clinical trial who did not have the hla - b * 5701 gene developed a hypersensitivity reaction . what are the symptoms ? the most common symptoms are : fever ( high temperature ) and skin rash other common symptoms are : nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ), diarrhoea , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , severe tiredness other symptoms include : pains in the joints or muscles , swelling of the neck , shortness of breath , sore throat , cough , occasional headaches , inflammation of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), mouth ulcers , low blood pressure , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . when do these reactions happen ? hypersensitivity reactions can start at any time during treatment with trizivir , but are more likely during the first 6 weeks of treatment . contact your doctor immediately : 1 if you get a skin rash , or 2 if you get symptoms from at least 2 of the following groups : - fever - shortness of breath , sore throat or cough - nausea or vomiting , diarrhoea or abdominal pain - severe tiredness or achiness , or generally feeling ill 45 your doctor may advise you to stop taking trizivir . if you have stopped taking trizivir if you have stopped taking trizivir because of a hypersensitivity reaction , you must never again take trizivir , or any other medicine containing abacavir ( kivexa , triumeq or ziagen ). if you do , within hours , your blood pressure could fall dangerously low , which could result in death . if you have stopped taking trizivir for any reason — especially because you think you are having side effects , or because you have other illness : talk to your doctor before you start again . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if the doctor thinks they may have been , you will then be told never again to take trizivir , or any other medicine containing abacavir ( kivexa , triumeq or ziagen ). it is important that you follow this advice . occasionally , hypersensitivity reactions have developed in people who start taking abacavir containing products again , but who had only one symptom on the alert card before they stopped taking it . very rarely , patients who have taken medicines containing abacavir in the past without any symptoms of hypersensitivity have developed a hypersensitivity reaction when they start taking these medicines again . if your doctor advises that you can start taking trizivir again , you may be asked to take your first doses in a place where you will have ready access to medical care if you need it . if you are hypersensitive to trizivir , return all your unused trizivir tablets for safe disposal . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . the trizivir pack includes an alert card , to remind you and medical staff about hypersensitivity reactions . detach this card and keep it with you at all times . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : hypersensitivity reaction being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pains loss of appetite feeling dizzy tiredness , lack of energy fever ( high temperature ) general feeling of being unwell difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain and discomfort joint pain cough irritated or runny nose skin rash 46 hair loss common side effects that may show up in blood tests are : a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) or low white blood cell count ( neutropenia or leucopenia ) an increase in the level of liver enzymes an increased amount in the blood of bilirubin ( a substance produced in the liver ) which may make your skin appear yellow uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : feeling breathless wind ( flatulence ) itching muscle weakness an uncommon side effect that may show up in blood tests is : a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ), or in all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : liver disorders , such as jaundice , enlarged liver or fatty liver , inflammation ( hepatitis ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ; see the next section , ' other possible side effects of trizivir ') inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) chest pain ; disease of the heart muscle ( cardiomyopathy ) fits ( convulsions ) feeling depressed or anxious , not being able to concentrate , feeling drowsy indigestion , taste disturbance changes in the colour of your nails , your skin , or the skin inside your mouth a flu - like feeling — chills and sweating tingly feelings in the skin ( pins and needles ) sensation of weakness in the limbs breakdown of muscle tissue numbness passing urine more often enlarged breasts in men rare side effects that may show up in blood tests are : increase in an enzyme called amylase a failure of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) if you notice any of these symptoms contact a doctor urgently . a very rare side effect that may show up in blood tests is : a failure of the bone marrow to produce new red or white blood cells ( aplastic anaemia ) if you get side effects 47 tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects gets severe or troublesome , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet . other possible side effects of trizivir trizivir may cause other conditions to develop during hiv treatment . symptoms of infection and inflammation old infections may flare up people with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems , and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). when these people start treatment , they may find that old , hidden infections flare up , causing signs and symptoms of inflammation . these symptoms are probably caused by the body ' s immune system becoming stronger , so that the body starts to fight these infections . symptoms usually include fever , plus some of the following : headache stomach ache difficulty breathing in rare cases , as the immune system becomes stronger , it can also attack healthy body tissue ( autoimmune disorders ). the symptoms of autoimmune disorders may develop many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . symptoms may include : palpitations ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ) or tremor hyperactivity ( excessive restlessness and movement ) weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body if you get any symptoms of infection while you ' re taking trizivir : tell your doctor immediately . do not take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . lactic acidosis is a rare but serious side effect some people taking trizivir develop a condition called lactic acidosis , together with an enlarged liver . lactic acidosis is caused by a build - up of lactic acid in the body . it is rare ; if it happens , it usually develops after a few months of treatment . it can be life - threatening , causing failure of internal organs . lactic acidosis is more likely to develop in people who have liver disease , or in obese ( very overweight ) people , especially women . signs of lactic acidosis include : feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) stomach pain generally feeling unwell loss of appetite , weight loss deep , rapid , difficult breathing numbness or weakness in the limbs during your treatment , your doctor will monitor you for signs of lactic acidosis . if you have any of the symptoms listed above or any other symptoms that worry you : see your doctor as soon as possible . you may have problems with your bones 48 some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue die because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids if they drink alcohol if their immune systems are very weak if they are overweight signs of osteonecrosis include : stiffness in the joints aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) difficulty moving if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . other effects may show up in blood tests trizivir can also cause : increased levels of lactic acid in the blood , which on rare occasions can lead to lactic acidosis reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a very serious allergic reaction to this medicine is rare . seek medical advice straight away if you develop a severe rash , itching or shortness of breath or difficulty breathing . these could be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) hot flushes , injection site pain and redness . side effects at the injection site are most common with the starting dose and less common with the maintenance dose . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) − injection site swelling , node and hardness − chills , fever or influenza - like illness after the injection − trouble sleeping , tiredness , dizziness , headache − increased weight , nausea , diarrhoea , elevated levels of some liver enzymes − excessive sweating ( including night sweats ), rash − anaemia − musculoskeletal pain and discomfort − reduced size of testicles , breast swelling , impotence uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) − loss of sexual desire , testicular pain , pelvic pain , ejaculation failure , genital irritation , breast pain − depression , mental impairment 34 − skin redness , loss of hair , skin nodule , numbness − allergic reactions , hives , itching − decreased appetite , constipation , vomiting , dry mouth , abdominal pain and discomfort , increased blood sugar / diabetes mellitus , increased cholesterol , changes in blood calcium , decreased weight − high blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm , changes in ecg ( qt - prolongation ), feeling of abnormal heart beat , dyspnoea , peripheral oedema − muscular weakness , muscle spasms , joint swelling / stiffness , osteoporosis / osteopenia , pain in the joint − frequent urination , urinary urgency ( must hurry to pass urine ), difficult or painful urination , urination at night , impaired renal function , incontinence − blurred vision − discomfort at injection including decreased blood pressure and heart rate ( vasovagal reaction ) − malaise rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) − febrile neutropenia ( very low number of white blood cell in combination with fever ), heart attack , heart failure − unexplained muscular pain or cramps , tenderness , or weakness . the muscle problems can be serious , including muscle breakdown resulting in kidney damage . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) − injection site infection , abscess and necrosis reporting of side effects if you get any of the side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function tests , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity 75 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 users ): tiredness , fungal infections , confusion , hallucinations , vomiting , abnormal gait , heart failure and venous blood clotting ( thrombosis / thromboembolism ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 users ): seizures not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) and psychotic reactions alzheimer ' s disease has been associated with depression , suicidal ideation and suicide . these events have been reported in patients treated with memantine merz . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . giving up smoking with or without treatment can cause various symptoms . these could include changes of mood ( like feeling depressed , irritable , frustrated or anxious ), sleeplessness , difficulty concentrating , decreased heart rate and increased appetite or weight gain . you should be aware of the possible emergence of serious neuropsychiatric symptoms , such as agitation , depressed mood , or changes in behaviour during a quit attempt with or without champix and you should contact a doctor or pharmacist if you experience such symptoms . serious side effects of either an uncommon or rare frequency have occurred in people attempting to quit smoking with champix : seizure , stroke , heart attack , suicidal thoughts , loss of contact with reality and unable to think or judge clearly ( psychosis ), changes in thinking or behaviour ( such as aggression and abnormal behaviour ). there have also been reports of severe skin reactions including erythema multiforme ( a type of rash ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( a serious illness with blistering of the skin , mouth , around the eyes or genitals ) and serious allergic reactions including angioedema ( swelling of the face , mouth , or throat ). - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people o inflammation of the nose and throat , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping , headache , o nausea 125 - common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people o chest infection , inflammation of the sinuses o increased weight , decreased appetite , increased appetite o sleepiness , dizziness , changes in the way things taste o shortness of breath , cough o heartburn , vomiting , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling bloated , abdominal pain , toothache , indigestion , flatulence , dry mouth o skin rash , itching o joint ache , muscle ache , back pain o chest pain , tiredness - uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people o fungal infection , viral infection o feeling of panic , difficulty thinking , restlessness , mood swings , depression , anxiety , hallucinations , changes in sex drive o seizure , tremor , feeling sluggish , less sensitive to touch o conjunctivitis , eye pain o ringing in the ears o angina , rapid heart rate , palpitations , increased heart rate o increased blood pressure , hot flush o inflammation of nose , sinuses and throat , congestion of nose , throat and chest , hoarseness , hay fever , throat irritation , congested sinuses , excess mucous from nose causing cough , runny nose o red blood in stools , irritated stomach , change of bowel habit , belching , mouth ulcers , pain in the gums o reddening of the skin , acne , increased sweating , night sweats o muscle spasms , chest wall pain o abnormally frequent urination , urination at night o increased menstrual flow o chest discomfort , flu like illness , fever , feeling weak or unwell o high blood sugar o heart attack o suicidal thoughts o changes in thinking or behaviour ( such as aggression ) - rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people o excessive thirst o feeling unwell or unhappy , slow thinking o stroke o increased muscle tension , difficulty with speech , difficulty with coordination , reduced sense of taste , altered sleep pattern o disturbed vision , eyeball discolouration , dilated pupils , sensitivity to light , shortsightedness , watery eyes o irregular heart beat or heart rhythm disturbances o throat pain , snoring o blood in vomit , abnormal stools , coated tongue o stiff joints , rib pain o glucose in urine , increased urine volume and frequency o vaginal discharge , changes in sexual ability o feeling cold , cyst o diabetes o sleep walking o loss of contact with reality and unable to think or judge clearly ( psychosis ) o abnormal behaviour 126 o severe skin reactions including erythema multiforme ( a type of rash ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( a serious illness with blistering of the skin , mouth , around the eyes or genitals ) o serious allergic reactions including angioedema ( swelling of the face , mouth , or throat ) - not known o transient loss of consciousness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects may be more pronounced with the higher dose of 175 mg per week during initial treatment for mantle cell lymphoma . the most important side effects you may experience during the treatment with torisel are listed below . if you experience any of them , seek medical advice immediately . allergic reactions you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have symptoms of angioedema , such as swollen face , tongue or pharynx , and difficulty in breathing . if you experience any of these during the administration of torisel , the doctor or nurse will stop the infusion . bleeding in the brain you should seek medical advice immediately if you feel confused , unusually tired , have difficulty in speaking or in swallowing and your pupils have different sizes . these symptoms might be caused by a bleeding in the brain . intestinal puncture , tear or holes you should seek medical advice immediately if you have acute abdominal pain , high fever , nausea and vomiting , or blood in the stools . these symptoms might be caused by a perforation in your gut . kidney failure you should seek medical advice immediately if you suffer from general swelling , shortness of breath , tiredness . these symptoms might be caused by a sudden decrease of kidney function . embolism in the lung you should seek medical advice immediately if you experience shortness of breath , chest pain , coughing up blood , fast heartbeat , nausea , fainting , sweating , wheezing , and clammy or bluish skin . these symptoms might be caused by a blood clot in your lung . you should also tell your doctor straight away : - if you have cough , chest pain , difficulties in breathing . your doctor may prescribe you an x - ray examination of your chest . - if the number of white cells in your blood has decreased . this may increase the risk of getting fever and infections . - if the number of platelet ( a type of blood cell that helps to clot blood ) has decreased . this may increase the risk of bleeding in your body . - if your blood levels of cholesterol and triglycerides have increased . - if you experience any excessive thirst or increased frequency and quantity of urination . your doctor may prescribe you insulin and / or oral antidiabetic agent therapy . - if you have recently undertaken a surgery . your doctor may delay the administration of torisel until the wound is fully recovered as this medicine could interfere with the healing processes of pre - existing wounds . other side effects with torisel may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): general feeling of weakness , chills , swelling due to fluid retention , pain ( including abdominal , back , chest and joint pain ), feeling sick to the stomach ( nausea and vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , headache , fever , sores and inflammation in the mouth and / or the digestive tract , cough , pneumonia , nose bleed , rash , itching , dry skin , decreased appetite , shortness of breath , low levels of potassium in the blood ( which may cause muscle weakness ), low red blood cell count , decreased number of a type of white blood cells which is associated with an increased risk of infection , high blood sugar , high cholesterol , high triglycerides abscess , infections ( including eye infection , flu , viral infections , bronchitis ), abnormal kidney function ( including kidney failure ), blood tests that show changes in the way the kidney is working , change in the sense of taste , difficulty falling asleep , low number of platelets which may cause bleeding and bruising . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): runny nose , gum redness and swelling , mouth pain ( including sores inside the mouth ), stomach bloating , sore throat , high blood pressure , pink eye including watery eye disorder , taste loss , redness and swelling of the follicles in the skin , allergic reactions , severe scaling of the skin , increased blood clotting ( including thrombosis of the veins ), low levels of calcium in the blood , low levels of phosphates in the blood , upper respiratory infections , inflammation of the lung , fluid in the chest cavity , infection in the blood , dehydration , agitation , depression , numbness and tingling of the skin , dizziness , sleepiness , bleeding ( from the lips , mouth , stomach or intestines ), inflammation of the lining 41 of the stomach , trouble with swallowing , skin bleeding ( bruising ), small pin - point haemorrage , nail disorder , acne , yeast infection , fungal infection , urinary tract infections , cystitis , blood tests that show changes in the way the liver is working , high blood fats other than triglycerides , diabetes , muscle pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pericardial effusion ( fluid around the heart that may require drainage and can affect the pumping of blood ). bleeding into the brain in patients with brain tumours or who are on blood thinners , eye bleeding . embolism of the lung , perforation of the gut , problems with wound healing after surgery , inflammation and swelling of the voice box . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lung infection caused by pneumocystis jiroveci ( pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia ). side effects for which frequency is not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ): swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , possibly causing difficulty breathing . serious reactions of the skin and / or mucous membranes which may include painful blisters and fever ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). unexplained muscle pain , tenderness or weakness which could indicate muscle damage ( rhabdomyolysis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effect , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects some patients may have serious side effects that may need urgent treatment . allergic reactions these may need urgent treatment . tell your doctor or get emergency medical help straight away if you notice any of the following signs . serious allergic reactions (' anaphylaxis ') are rare in people taking stelara ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). signs include : o difficulty breathing or swallowing 68 o low blood pressure , which can cause dizziness or light - headedness o swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat . common signs of an allergic reaction include skin rash and hives ( these may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). in rare cases , allergic lung reactions and lung inflammation have been reported in patients who receive ustekinumab . tell your doctor right away if you develop symptoms such as cough , shortness of breath , and fever . if you have a serious allergic reaction , your doctor may decide that you should not use stelara again . infections these may need urgent treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs . infections of the nose or throat and common cold are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infections of the chest are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of tissue under the skin (' cellulitis ') is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shingles ( a type of painful rash with blisters ) are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stelara may make you less able to fight infections , and some infections could become serious . you must look out for signs of infection while you are using stelara . these include : fever , flu - like symptoms , night sweats feeling tired or short of breath ; cough which will not go away warm , red and painful skin , or a painful skin rash with blisters burning when passing water diarrhoea . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these signs of infection . these may be signs of infections such as chest infections , or skin infections or shingles that could have serious complications . tell your doctor if you have any kind of infection that will not go away or keeps coming back . your doctor may decide that you should not use stelara until the infection goes away . also tell your doctor if you have any open cuts or sores as they might get infected . shedding of skin increase in redness and shedding of skin over a larger area of the body may be symptoms of erythrodermic psoriasis or exfoliative dermatitis , which are serious skin conditions . you should tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these signs . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea nausea vomiting feeling tired feeling dizzy headache itching (' pruritus ') back , muscle or joint pain sore throat redness and pain where the injection is given sinus infection 69 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tooth infections vaginal yeast infection depression blocked or stuffy nose bleeding , bruising , hardness , swelling and itching where the injection is given feeling weak drooping eyelid and sagging muscles on one side of the face (' facial palsy ' or ' bell ' s palsy '), which is usually temporary a change in psoriasis with redness and new tiny , yellow or white skin blisters , sometimes accompanied by fever ( pustular psoriasis ) peeling of the skin ( skin exfoliation ) acne rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) redness and shedding of skin over a larger area of the body , which may be itchy or painful ( exfoliative dermatitis ). similar symptoms sometimes develop as a natural change in the type of psoriasis symptoms ( erythrodermic psoriasis ) inflammation of small blood vessels , which can lead to a skin rash with small red or purple bumps , fever or joint pain ( vasculitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines this medicine can cause side effects , although not everyone gets them . allergic reactions an allergic reaction with colobreathe is possible ( typically serious allergic reactions may cause rashes , swelling of the face , tongue and neck , inability to breathe due to narrowing of the airways and loss of consciousness ). if you / your child experience signs of an allergic reaction you should seek urgent medical attention . other possible side effects you / your child may get an unpleasant taste in your mouth after inhaling colobreathe . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people difficulty in breathing cough , throat irritation hoarse or weak , or even loss of the voice unpleasant taste common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people 27 headache ringing or buzzing noises in the ear , problems with balance coughing up blood , wheezing , chest discomfort , asthma , productive cough ( a cough which brings up mucus ), infection of the lungs , lung crackles ( your doctor would hear this when listening to your lungs using a stethoscope ) vomiting , nausea changes in how your lungs function ( found by testing ) joint pains lack of energy , tiredness raised temperature uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , the signs may include rash and itching weight fluctuations , decreased appetite anxiety fits sleepiness blockage in the ears chest pain shortness of breath nose bleeds , catarrh ( mucus in your nose , which may make you feel blocked up ), coughing up thick green mucus , pain in the throat and sinuses unusual noises in the chest ( your doctor would hear this when listening to your lungs with a stethoscope ) diarrhoea , wind excessive production of saliva toothache protein in the urine ( found by testing ) thirst the above side effects have been seen in people of all ages with similar frequency . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the ones marked * may be related to busulfan . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : runny or blocked nose ( allergic rhinitis ) wheezing , difficulty breathing ( asthma ) inflamed itchy skin ( atopic dermatitis , eczema ) raised temperature ( pyrexia ) underactive thyroid gland ( hypothyroidism ) high blood pressure ( hypertension )* 25 decreases in the number of red or white blood cells ( anaemia , neutropenia )* increases in liver enzymes * blood test results positive for antinuclear antibody and smooth muscle antibody if you have any questions about symptoms or side effects , or if any symptoms concern you → talk to your doctor or nurse . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people . they are all caused by the immune system becoming over - active and attacking the body ' s own tissues . red or purple dots on the skin , bleeding under the skin ( immune thrombocytopenic purpura ) inflamed thyroid gland ( autoimmune thyroiditis ) weakness and pain in the feet and hands ( guillain - barré syndrome ) inflamed liver ( autoimmune hepatitis ) reduced numbers of blood cells ( autoimmune haemolytic anaemia , autoimmune aplastic anaemia ) blood test results positive for antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody if you have any questions about symptoms or side effects , or if any symptoms concern you → talk to your doctor or nurse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may need immediate medical treatment if you experience any of the following side effects : allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of anaphylactic reactions 33 thromboembolism ( increased risk of blood clots )* inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) liver failure tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as pain and / or inflammation abnormal levels of liver enzymes ( in blood tests )* nausea ( feeling sick ) weakness , tiredness * joint and musculoskeletal pain hot flushes skin rash allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat all other side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache vomiting , diarrhoea , or loss of appetite * urinary tract infections back pain * increase of bilirubin ( bile pigment produced by the liver ) thromboembolism ( increased risk of blood clots )* decreased levels of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) vaginal bleeding lower back pain irradiating to leg on one side ( sciatica ) sudden weakness , numbness , tingling , or loss of movement in your leg , especially on only one side of your body , sudden problems with walking or balance ( peripheral neuropathy ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) thick , whitish vaginal discharge and candidiasis ( infection ) bruising and bleeding at the site of injection increase of gamma - gt , a liver enzyme seen in a blood test inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) liver failure numbness , tingling and pain anaphylactic reactions * includes side effects for which the exact role of faslodex cannot be assessed due to the underlying disease . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , herceptin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during a herceptin infusion , chills , fever and other flu like symptoms may occur . these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other infusion - related symptoms are : feeling sick 77 ( nausea ), vomiting , pain , increased muscle tension and shaking , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , high or low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances ( palpitations , heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ), swelling of the face and lips , rash and feeling tired . some of these symptoms can be serious and some patients have died ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your vein ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you treatment to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the symptoms improve . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . sometimes , symptoms may improve and then get worse later . serious side effects other side effects can occur at any time during treatment with herceptin , not just related to an infusion . tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : ∑ heart problems can sometimes occur during treatment and occasionally after treatment has stopped and can be serious . they include weakening of the heart muscle possibly leading to heart failure , inflammation of the lining around the heart and heart rhythm disturbances . this can lead to symptoms such as breathlessness ( including breathlessness at night ), cough , fluid retention ( swelling ) in the legs or arms , palpitations ( heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ) ( see section 2 . heart checks ). your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the above symptoms . ∑ tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterized by high blood levels of potassium and phosphate , and low blood levels of calcium ). symptoms may include kidney problems ( weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and confusion ), heart problems ( fluttering of the heart or a faster or slower heartbeat ), seizures , vomiting or diarrhoea and tingling in the mouth , hands or feet if you experience any of the above symptoms when your treatment with herceptin has finished , you should see your doctor and tell them that you have previously been treated with herceptin . very common side effects of herceptin : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ∑ infections ∑ diarrhoea ∑ constipation ∑ heartburn ( dyspepsia ) ∑ fatigue ∑ skin rashes ∑ chest pain ∑ abdominal pain ∑ joint pain ∑ low counts of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which help fight infection ) sometimes with fever ∑ muscle pain ∑ conjunctivitis ∑ watery eyes ∑ nose bleeds ∑ runny nose 78 ∑ hair loss ∑ tremor ∑ hot flush ∑ dizziness ∑ nail disorders ∑ weight loss ∑ loss of appetite ∑ inability to sleep ( insomnia ) ∑ altered taste ∑ low platelet count ∑ bruising ∑ numbness or tingling of the fingers and toes ∑ redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat ∑ pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ∑ breathlessness ∑ headache ∑ cough ∑ vomiting ∑ nausea common side effects of herceptin : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ∑ allergic reactions ∑ dry mouth and skin ∑ throat infections ∑ dry eyes ∑ bladder and skin infections ∑ sweating ∑ ∑ feeling weak and unwell ∑ inflammation of the breast ∑ anxiety ∑ inflammation of the liver ∑ depression ∑ kidney disorders ∑ increased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) ∑ asthma ∑ infection of lungs ∑ pain in the arms and / or legs ∑ lung disorders ∑ itchy rash ∑ back pain ∑ sleepiness ( somnolence ) ∑ neck pain ∑ haemorrhoids ∑ bone pain ∑ itchiness ∑ acne ∑ leg cramps uncommon side effects of herceptin : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : ∑ deafness ∑ bumpy rash ∑ wheezing ∑ inflammation or scarring of the lungs rare side effects of herceptin : may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ∑ jaundice ∑ anaphylactic reactions 79 other side effects that have been reported with herceptin use : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ∑ abnormal or impaired blood clotting ∑ high potassium levels ∑ swelling or bleeding at the back of the eyes ∑ shock ∑ abnormal heart rhythm ∑ respiratory distress ∑ respiratory failure ∑ acute accumulation of fluid in the lungs ∑ acute narrowing of the airways ∑ abnormally low oxygen levels in the blood ∑ difficulty in breathing when lying flat ∑ liver damage ∑ swelling of the face , lips and throat ∑ kidney failure ∑ abnormally low levels of fluid around baby in womb ∑ failure of the lungs of the baby to develop in the womb ∑ abnormal development of the kidneys of the baby in the womb some of the side - effects you experience may be due to your underlying cancer . if you receive herceptin in combination with chemotherapy , some of them may also be due to the chemotherapy . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity reactions ) have occurred rarely in the treatment of bleeding disorders with similar medicines ( affecting up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), and sometimes progress to shock . signs of these may include skin rash ( including hives ), tingling , flushing , nausea , vomiting , headache , cough , wheezing , tightness of the chest , chills , fast heart rate , dizziness , lethargy , restlessness , swelling of the face , tightness of the throat , discomfort at the site of injection . if you get any of these contact your doctor . the following side effects have been reported with coagadex . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain or redness at site of injection tiredness back pain side effects in children and adolescents side effects in children are expected to be the same as in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via yellow card scheme website : or search for mhra yellow card in the google play or apple app store ( uk ). hpra pharmacovigilance website : ( ie ). adr reporting website : ( mt ). by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , dectova can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious skin and allergic reactions may occur with dectova , but there isn ' t enough information to estimate how likely they are . contact your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very severe skin reactions such as : o a skin rash , which may blister , and looks like small targets ( erythema multiforme ) o a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly occurring around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) o extensive peeling of the skin on much of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). severe allergic reactions , including features such as itchy rash , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , breathing difficulty , light headedness and vomiting . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people diarrhoea liver damage ( hepatocellular injury ) rash . common side effects that may show up in your blood tests : increase in the level of liver enzymes ( raised aminotransferases ). uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people itchy , bumpy rash ( hives ). uncommon side effects that may show up in your blood tests : increase in the level of liver or bone enzymes ( raised alkaline phosphatase ). side effects where it is not known how likely they are to happen there isn ' t enough information to estimate how likely these side effects are : acting strangely seeing , hearing or feeling things which are not there confused thinking fits ( seizures ) being less alert or not responding to loud sounds or being shaken reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following serious side effects may happen with this medicine : tumour lysis syndrome ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stop taking venclyxto and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms of tls : fever or chills feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) feeling confused feeling short of breath irregular heart beat dark or cloudy urine feeling unusually tired muscle pain or uncomfortable joints fits or seizures abdominal pain and distension low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) and infections ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your doctor will check your blood count during treatment with venclyxto . low white blood cell count can increase your risk for infection . signs may include fever , chills , feeling weak or confused , cough , pain or burning feeling when passing urine . some infections can be serious and may lead to death . tell your doctor immediately if you have signs of an infection while taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia upper respiratory tract infection signs include runny nose , sore throat or cough diarrhoea feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) constipation feeling tired blood tests may also show lower number of red blood cells lower number of white blood cells called lymphocytes higher level of potassium higher level of a body salt ( electrolyte ) called phosphate lower level of calcium common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) severe infection in the blood ( sepsis ) 56 urinary tract infection low number of white blood cells with fever ( febrile neutropenia ) blood tests may also show : higher level of creatinine higher level of urea reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . get urgent medical attention if you get any of the following signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction : - feeling faint or light - headed ; - changes in your heartbeat ; - shortness of breath ; - wheezing ; - swelling of your lips , face , or throat ; - hives or rash ; - nausea or vomiting ; - stomach pain . talk to your doctor or nurse if you develop any other side effects . these can include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - swelling in the underarm - headache - nausea - vomiting - muscle ache , joint aches , and stiffness - pain or swelling at the injection site - feeling very tired - chills - fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash - rash , redness , or hives at the injection site uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - itchiness at the injection site rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - temporary one - sided facial drooping ( bell ' s palsy ) - swelling of the face ( swelling of the face may occur in patients who have had facial cosmetic injections .) frequency unknown - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - hypersensitivity reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this vaccine .
like all medicines , siklos can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - a severe infection , - tiredness and / or looking pale , - unexplained bruising ( accumulation of blood under the skin ) or bleeding , - unusual headache , - difficulties in breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : - fever or chills , - feeling sick , or a general feeling of being unwell , - rash ( itching red eruption of the skin ), - ulcers or wounds on your legs , - sore ( open skin infection ) on your skin , - disorientation ( confusion ) and dizziness . details of side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood cell counts ( myelosuppression ), enlargement of red blood cells , absence or low amount of sperm in the semen ( azoospermia or oligospermia ). siklos may hence decrease the ability of men to father children . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduced number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), low platelet count , headache , skin reactions , inflammation or ulceration of the mouth ( oral mucositis ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , nausea , itching red eruption of the skin ( rash ), black nails ( melanonychia ), and hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): wounds on the legs ( leg ulcers ), and modification of liver function . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) or unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the skin causing red scaly patches and possibly occurring together with pain in the joints . isolated cases of malignant disease of blood cells ( leukaemia ), skin cancer in elderly patients , bleeding , gastrointestinal disturbances , vomiting , skin dryness , fever , absence of menstrual cycles ( amenorrhoea ), and weight gain . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor may decide to stop the infusion if he observes any of the following abnormal changes of : your heart beat ( such as a very fast ( uncommon ) or very slow heart beat ( common ), a missed beat ( uncommon ), or a short pause in the normal activity of your heart ( uncommon )) your blood pressure ( such as a very low blood pressure causing a serious heart condition ) ( uncommon ) the electrical activity of your heart ( uncommon ) other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) taste disturbances sneezing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fast heart beat pain or numbness at the infusion site , numbness , decreased skin sensation , or tingling feelings nausea and vomiting feeling hot low blood pressure , slow heart beat , feeling dizzy coughing , sore nose excessive sweating , itching numbness or tingling that occurs in the mucosa or tissues of the oral cavity uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) certain kinds of heart beat problems , ( such as an awareness of your heart beating ( palpitations ) or an extra heart beat ) decreased feeling or sensitivity eye irritation , watery eyes or changes in your vision a change in your sense of smell pain in your fingers and toes , a burning feeling cold sweats , hot flush urgency to have a bowel movement , diarrhoea shortness of breath or a tightness in the chest choking sensation pain in your mouth or throat 28 irritation , itching at the infusion site high blood pressure feeling light - headed or fainting , generally feeling unwell , feeling drowsy or sleepy runny nose , sore throat stuffy nose dry mouth pale skin generalised itching fatigue decreased feeling or sensitivity of the mouth these effects , seen within 24 hours of being given brinavess , should pass quickly , however , if they do not you should consult your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , alisade can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : get a doctor ' s help straight away allergic reactions to alisade are rare and affect less than 1 person in 1 , 000 . in a small number of people , allergic reactions can develop into a more serious , even life - threatening problem if not treated . symptoms include : - becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty with breathing - suddenly feeling weak or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) - swelling around the face - skin rashes or redness . in many cases , these symptoms will be signs of less serious side effects . but you must be aware that they are potentially serious — so , if you notice any of these symptoms : see a doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects ( these can affect more than 1 person in 10 ) nosebleeds ( generally minor ), particularly if you use alisade for more than 6 weeks continuously . common side effects ( these can affect less than 1 person in 10 and more than 1 person in 100 ) irritation or discomfort in the inside of the nose you may also get streaks of blood when you blow your nose . this may be due to nasal ulceration . nasal corticosteroids can affect the normal production of hormones in your body , particularly if you use high doses for a long time . in children this side effect can cause them to grow more slowly than others . if you get side effects if any of the side effects gets serious or troublesome , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet : tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice the following side effects , as these may be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal : - difficulty in breathing - coughing - chest pain - fever tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice one or more of the following side effects , as these may be signs of allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - fever - sudden weight gain - water retention - fainting - palpitations ( strong heartbeat you can feel in your chest ) 29 while on treatment with arsenic trioxide mylan , you may experience some of the following reactions : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - fatigue ( weariness ), pain , fever , headache - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - dizziness , muscle pain , numbness or tingling - rash or itching , increased blood sugar , oedema ( swelling due to excess fluid ) - shortness of breath , fast heart beat , abnormal ecg heart tracing - reduced potassium or magnesium in the blood , liver function tests abnormal including presence of excess bilirubin or gamma - glutamyltransferase in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( platelets , red and / or white blood cells ), increased white blood cells - chills , increased weight - a fever due to an infection and low levels of white blood cells , herpes zoster infection - chest pain , bleeding in the lung , hypoxia ( low oxygen level ), collection of fluid around the heart or the lung , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm - fit , joint or bone pain , inflammation of the blood vessels - increased sodium or magnesium , ketones in the blood and urine ( ketoacidosis ), renal function tests abnormal , kidney failure - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - redness of the skin , swollen face , blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - lung infection , infection in the blood - inflammation of the lungs which causes chest pain and breathlessness , cardiac failure - dehydration , confusion - cerebral disease ( encephalopathy , wernicke encephalopathy ) with various manifestations including difficulties to use arms and legs , speech disorders and confusion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ;; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males .. uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; seizures , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ); muscle stiffness or spasms ( including eye movements ); problems with speech ; slow heart rate ; sensitivity to sunlight ; bleeding from the nose ; abdominal distension ; memory loss or forgetfulness ; urinary incontinence ; lack of ability to urinate ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection . while taking olanzapine , elderly patients with dementia may suffer from stroke , pneumonia , urinary incontinence , falls , extreme tiredness , visual hallucinations , a rise in body temperature , redness of the skin and have trouble walking . some fatal cases have been reported in this particular group of patients . in patients with parkinson ' s disease olanzapine cipla may worsen the symptoms . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . infusion - related reactions infusion - related reactions are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get any of the following signs of an infusion - related reaction during treatment . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped , and you may need to take other medicines to manage the reaction . stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) body aches or pain , including pain in the back , neck , or joints headache feeling tired ( fatigue ) chills dizziness cough , feeling short of breath , or other breathing problems reddening of the face or body ( flushing ), warm skin , or rash chest discomfort or chest pain rapid heart rate low or high blood pressure ; some patients have fainted during the infusion due to low blood pressure pain , redness , burning sensation , or swelling at or near the infusion site swelling of the face other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people swelling of the arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people pain in the joints ( arthralgia ) muscle spasms indigestion ( dyspepsia ) shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ) redness of the skin ( erythema ) feeling dizzy or faint ( vertigo ) stuffy or runny nose ( rhinitis ) irritation or infection of the airways ( sinusitis , bronchitis ) uncommon : may occur in up to 1 in 100 infusions leakage of the drug into the surrounding tissue at the site of infusion , which may cause swelling or redness tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice the following side effects , as these may be signs of a severe condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal : - difficulty in breathing - coughing - chest pain - fever tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice one or more of the following side effects , as these may be signs of allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing 29 - fever - sudden weight gain - water retention - fainting - palpitations ( strong heartbeat you can feel in your chest ) while on treatment with arsenic trioxide accord , you may experience some of the following reactions : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - fatigue ( weariness ), pain , fever , headache - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - dizziness , muscle pain , numbness or tingling - rash or itching , increased blood sugar , oedema ( swelling due to excess fluid ) - shortness of breath , fast heart beat , abnormal ecg heart tracing - reduced potassium or magnesium in the blood , liver function tests abnormal including presence of excess bilirubin or gamma - glutamyltransferase in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( platelets , red and / or white blood cells ), increased white blood cells - chills , increased weight - a fever due to an infection and low levels of white blood cells , herpes zoster infection - chest pain , bleeding in the lung , hypoxia ( low oxygen level ), collection of fluid around the heart or the lung , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm - fit , joint or bone pain , inflammation of the blood vessels - increased sodium or magnesium , ketones in the blood and urine ( ketoacidosis ), renal function tests abnormal , kidney failure - stomach ( abdominal ) ache - redness of the skin , swollen face , blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - lung infection , infection in the blood - inflammation of the lungs which causes chest pain and breathlessness , cardiac failure - dehydration , confusion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . such side effects may occur even if you previously received human alpha1 - proteinase inhibitors and had tolerated them well . some side effects may be serious : uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), allergic reactions have been observed . they may progress in some very rare cases ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) to severe allergic reactions even when you have shown no signs of allergy on previous infusions . tell your doctor or healthcare professional immediately if you notice any sign of allergic reactions ( for example chills , flushing , faster heartbeat , fall in blood pressure , light - headedness , rash , hives , itching , difficulty in breathing or swallowing as well as swelling of your hands , face , or mouth ) during the administration of respreeza . depending on the nature and severity of the reaction , your doctor or healthcare professional may decide whether to slow or stop the administration completely and give appropriate treatment for the reaction . in case of self - administration / home - treatment , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor or healthcare professional . the other side effects may include : commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ), nausea . uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) altered sense of touch like burning , tingling or feeling of numbness in your hands , arms , legs , or feet ( paraesthesia ), flushing , hives ( urticaria ), scaly rash and rash all over the body , physical weakness ( asthenia ), infusion - site reactions ( such as burning , stinging , pain , swelling or redness at the infusion site ( haematoma )). very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) decreased sense of touch like burning , tingling or feeling of numbness in your hands , arms , legs , or feet ( hypoaesthesia ), excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ), itching , chest pain , chills , fever ( pyrexia ). frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) pain to the lymph glands ( oval - shaped masses of tissue that are distributed throughout the body and which may be palpable for example in the armpit , groin or neck ), swollen face , swollen eyes and lips . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or healthcare professional . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the 44 national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any of the following side effects , stop using tegsedi and contact your doctor immediately : - symptoms that could indicate glomerulonephritis , ( where your kidneys do not work properly ), such as foaming urine , pink or brown coloured urine , blood in the urine , or passing less urine than usual . - symptoms that could indicate thrombocytopenia ( where blood will not clot ), such as unexplained bruising or a rash of small patches of red appearing on the skin ( called petechiae ), bleeding from skin cuts that does not stop or oozes , bleeding from the gums or nose , blood in urine or stools , or bleeding in the whites of your eyes . call for immediate help if you have stiffness of the neck or an unusual and severe headache because these symptoms may be caused by bleeding in the brain . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness ( anaemia ) - headache - vomiting , or nausea ( feeling sick ) - increase in body temperature - feeling cold ( chills ) or shivering - injection site pain , redness , itching or bruising - swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - an increase in the number of white blood cells called eosinophils in your blood ( eosinophilia ) - decreased appetite - feeling faint or dizzy , especially on standing up ( low blood pressure , hypotension ) - bruising - collection of blood within the tissues , that may look similar to severe bruising ( haematoma ) - itching - rash - kidney damage leading to poor kidney function or kidney failure - changes to your blood and urine test results ( this may indicate infection or liver or kidney damage ) - flu like symptoms , such as high temperature , aches and chills ( influenza - like illness ) - injection site swelling or skin discolouration 36 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of vizarsin are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking vizarsin and seek medical help immediately : - an allergic reaction - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms include sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing or dizziness , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or throat . - chest pains - this occurs uncommonly if this occurs during or after intercourse : - get in a semi - sitting position and try to relax . - do not use nitrates to treat your chest pain . - prolonged and sometimes painful erections - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you have an erection which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely - serious skin reactions - this occurs rarely symptoms may include severe peeling and swelling of the skin , blistering of the mouth , genitals and around the eyes , fever . - seizures or fits - this occurs rarely other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , bleeding at the back of the eye , double vision , reduced sharpness of vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , 71 swelling of the eye or eyelid , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing halos around lights , dilation of the pupil of the eye , discolouration of the white of the eye , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , dry nose , swelling of the inside of the nose , feeling irritable and sudden decrease or loss of hearing . from post - marketing experience cases of unstable angina ( a heart condition ) and sudden death have been reported rarely . of note , most but not all , of the men who experienced these side effects had heart problems before taking this medicine . it is not possible to determine whether these events were directly related to vizarsin . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are hypersensitivity reactions or anaphylactic shock ( rare side effect ). if allergic or anaphylactic reactions occur , the injection / infusion should be stopped immediately . please consult your doctor immediately . for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . other possible side effects : common may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): rash / itchy rash local reactions where you injected the medication ( e . g . burning sensation , temporary redness ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 users ): hypersensitivity reactions including severe sudden allergic reaction ( which may include hives , nausea , urticaria , angioedema , chills , flushing , headache , lethargy , wheezing or difficulty breathing , restlessness , tachycardia , tingling or anaphylactic shock , e . g . tightness of the chest / general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and nausea and mildly reduced blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing ) fever 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dysgeusia ( strange taste ) if you notice any of the following symptoms during injection / infusion : chest tightness / general feeling of being unwell dizziness mild hypotension ( mildly reduced blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing ) nausea this can constitute an early warning for hypersensitivity and anaphylactic reactions . if allergic or anaphylactic reactions occur , the injection / infusion should be stopped immediately . please consult your doctor immediately . hypersensitivity reactions during clinical studies , no patient developed clinically relevant antibody titres against the trace amounts of mouse protein and hamster protein present in the preparation . the possibility of allergic reactions to substances contained in this medication , e . g . trace amounts of mouse and hamster protein exists in certain predisposed patients . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor right away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - the medicine must be stopped : allergic reactions the signs may include hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing 29 severe skin reactions ( e . g ., severe rash , skin peeling or blistering ) other side effects common : ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea blood test results that may show changes in the liver blood test results that may show an increase in the number of some types of blood cells called ' eosinophils ' blood test results that may show an increase in some white blood cells rash inflammation and pain caused by a blood clot in the vein uncommon : ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hives skin itchiness convulsions ( fits ) and nervous system problems like tremor confusion seeing , hearing or feeling something that is not there ( hallucinations ) dizziness , sleepiness low blood pressure blood test results that may show changes in the kidney blood test results that may show a decrease in the number of red blood cells , white blood cells , and blood cells called platelets blood test results that may show an increase in the number of some blood cells called platelets abnormal kidney , liver , and blood function detected by blood tests pain or redness or formation of a lump where the medicine was injected fever blood test ( called a coombs test ) results showing antibodies that can cause anaemia by destroying red blood cells rare : ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fungal infection ( candidiasis ) changes in taste disease of the brain , tingling sensation ( pins and needles ), localised tremor hearing loss staining of the teeth and / or tongue inflammation of the colon with severe diarrhoea ( colitis ) low number of white blood cells which may make it difficult for your body to fight infections inflammation of the liver liver failure inability of the kidney to perform normal function changes in the amount of urine , changes in urine color swelling of the skin painful rash with flu - like symptoms redness and scaling of the skin very rare : ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) inflammation of stomach or intestine ( gastro - enteritis ) anaemia due to destruction of red blood cells , leading to symptoms like tiredness , pale skin headache worsening of a rare disease associated with muscle weakness ( aggravation of myasthenia gravis ) a spinning sensation ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) irregular heartbeat , the heart beating forcefully or rapidly 30 chest discomfort , difficulty breathing , abnormally fast and superficial breathing , pain in the upper spine pain in the throat flushing , bluish discoloration of the face and lips , changes in skin texture , excessive sweating increase in the production of saliva inflammation of intestine with bloody diarrhoea ( haemorrhagic colitis ) stomach pain heartburn red swollen tongue , overgrowth of the normal projections on the tongue giving it a hairy appearance severe loss of liver function due to inflammation ( fulminant hepatitis ) pain in several joints itching of the vulva in women weakness , lack of energy not known : ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) agitation abnormal movements jaundice ( yellowing of your skin and eyes ) blood tests showing an increase in a substance called lactic dehydrogenase ( ldh ) which may be a sign of tissue damage reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking leflunomide medac : if you experience weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : pale skin , tiredness , or bruising , as these may indicate blood disorders caused by an imbalance in the different types of blood cells which make up blood , tiredness , abdominal pain , or jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the eyes or skin ), as these may indicate serious conditions such as liver failure , which may be fatal , any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or cough , as this medicine may increase the chance of a severe infection which may be life - threatening , cough or breathing problems as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), unusual tingling , weakness or pain in your hands or feet as these may indicate problems with your nerves ( peripheral neuropathy ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), mild allergic reactions , loss of appetite , weight loss ( usually insignificant ), tiredness ( asthenia ), 35 headache , dizziness , abnormal skin sensations like tingling ( paraesthesia ), mild increase in blood pressure , colitis , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , inflammation of the mouth or mouth ulcers , abdominal pain , an increase in some liver test results , increased hair loss , eczema , dry skin , rash , itching , tendonitis ( pain caused by inflammation in the membrane surrounding the tendons usually in the feet or hands ), an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ), problems in the nerves of the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ), a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood , anxiety , taste disturbances , urticaria ( nettle rash ), tendon rupture , an increase in the levels of fat in the blood ( cholesterol and triglycerides ), a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) an increase in the numbers of blood cells called eosinophiles ( eosinophilia ); mild decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ); decrease in the number of all blood cells ( pancytopenia ), severe increase in blood pressure , inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ), an increase in some liver results which may develop into serious conditions such as hepatitis and jaundice , severe infections called sepsis which may be fatal , an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( lactate dehydrogenase ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a marked decrease of some white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ), severe and potentially severe allergic reactions , inflammation of the small vessels ( vasculitis , including cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), severe liver injury such as liver failure or necrosis which may be fatal , severe sometimes life - threatening reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). other side effects such as kidney failure , a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood , pulmonary hypertension , male infertility ( which is reversible once treatment with this medicine is stopped ), cutaneous lupus ( characterized by rash / erythema on skin areas that are exposed to light ), psoriasis ( new or worsening ) and dress may also occur with an unknown frequency . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you get any side effects , including those not listed in this leaflet . speak with your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms . they may be signs of a serious , possibly fatal , condition . getting medical treatment right away may help keep these problems from becoming more serious . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a lung disease called interstitial lung disease with symptoms that can include cough , shortness of breath , fever , or other new or worsening breathing problems an infection caused by reduced number of neutrophils ( a type of white blood cell ) with symptoms that can include chills , fever , sores in your mouth , stomach pain or pain when urinating a heart problem called decreased left ventricular ejection fraction with symptoms that can include new or worsening shortness of breath , cough , tiredness , swelling of ankles or legs , irregular heartbeat , sudden weight gain , dizziness or unconsciousness other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting constipation abdominal ( belly ) pain , indigestion 30 decreased appetite diarrhoea tiredness hair loss , rash cough headache infections of the nose and throat , including flu - like symptoms blisters in or around your mouth breathing difficulties nosebleed dry eye dizziness blood tests showing low blood potassium level blood tests showing decreased red or white blood cells , or platelets blood tests showing increased levels of the liver enzymes aspartate aminotransferase or alanine aminotransferase common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reactions related to the infusion of the medicine which may include fever , chills , flushing , itching or rash fever along with a decreased number of white blood cells called neutrophils reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most important serious side effects seen with other pancreatic enzyme replacement medicines are ' anaphylactic shock ' and fibrosing colonopathy . the frequency of these two side effects is not known . anaphylactic shock is a severe , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction that can develop rapidly . if you notice any of the following seek urgent medical attention straightaway : itching , hives or rash swollen eyes , lips , hands or feet feeling lightheaded or faint trouble breathing or swallowing dizziness , collapse or unconsciousness . repeated high doses of pancreatic enzyme replacement medicines can also cause scarring or thickening of the bowel wall that can lead to blockage of the intestines , a condition called fibrosing colonopathy . if you have severe stomach pain , trouble passing stools ( constipation ), nausea or vomiting , tell your doctor straightaway . other possible side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abdominal discomfort or bloating flatulence / passing wind diarrhoea headache . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): abnormal / discoloured faeces ( stools ) or frequent bowel movements shortness of breath indigestion swelling , pain , soreness or irritation in the mouth tiredness or general feeling of being unwell ( malaise ) changes ( increase or decrease ) in blood glucose levels changes ( increase or decrease ) in body weight decreased appetite high uric acid level in the urine ( hyperuricosuria ) high uric acid level in the blood ( hyperuricemia ). if you are diabetic , you should speak with your doctor , if you notice any changes in your blood glucose levels . a dose adjustment may be necessary . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects that may affect more than 1 in 10 people using this medicine are : - nausea ( feeling sick ) and vomiting ( being sick ) - headache - discomfort and other effects in the nose , including itchiness , sneezing , runny or blocked nose and bleeding - altered sense of smell - throat irritation and cough - watery eyes common side effects that may affect up to 1 in 10 people using this medicine are : - increased blood pressure - itchy and red eyes - itchy skin - altered sense of taste uncommon side effects that may affect up to 1 in 100 people using this medicine - increase heart rate reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible side effects are listed below . most of these side effects are mild to moderate . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - allergic reactions such as rash , swelling , hives or difficulty breathing ( see section 2 ) - constipation - itching - muscle spasms - injection site reactions , such as pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . aimovig may cause skin reactions such as rash or itching . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur up to 4 months or more after the last halimatoz injection . seek medical attention urgently , if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction or heart failure : severe rash , hives ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible , if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired or coughing ; symptoms of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness ; signs of skin cancer such as a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; pain in the muscles . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) 89 serious infections ( including blood poisoning and influenza ); intestinal infections ( including gastroenteritis ); skin infections ( including cellulitis and shingles ); ear infections ; mouth infections ( including tooth infections and cold sores ); reproductive tract infections ; urinary tract infection ; fungal infections ; joint infections ; benign tumours ; skin cancer ; allergic reactions ( including seasonal allergy ); dehydration ; mood swings ( including depression ); anxiety ; difficulty sleeping ; sensation disorders such as tingling , prickling or numbness ; migraine ; symptoms of nerve root compression ( including low back pain and leg pain ); vision disturbances ; eye inflammation ; inflammation of the eye lid and eye swelling ; vertigo ( sensation of room spinning ); sensation of heart beating rapidly ; high blood pressure ; flushing ; haematoma ( a solid swelling with clotted blood ); cough ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; gastrointestinal bleeding ; dyspepsia ( indigestion , bloating , heart burn ); acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; inflammation of the skin ( such as eczema ); breaking of finger nails and toe nails ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; kidney problems ; chest pain ; oedema ( a build - up of fluid in the body which causes the affected tissue to swell ); fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) 90 unusual infections ( which include tuberculosis and other infections ) that occur when resistance to disease is lowered ; neurological infections ( including viral meningitis ); eye infections ; bacterial infections ; diverticulitis ( inflammation and infection of the large intestine ); cancer , including cancer that affects the lymph system ( lymphoma ) and melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ); immune disorders that could affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( most commonly as a condition called sarcoidosis ); vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ); tremor ; neuropathy ( nerve damage ); stroke ; double vision ; hearing loss , buzzing ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; heart problems that can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling ; heart attack ; a sac in the wall of a major artery , inflammation and clot of a vein ; blockage of a blood vessel ; lung diseases causing shortness of breath ( including inflammation ); pulmonary embolism ( blockage in an artery of the lung ); pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the pleural space ); inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling ); gallbladder inflammation , gallbladder stones ; fatty liver ( build - up of fat in liver cells ); night sweats ; scar ; abnormal muscle breakdown ; systemic lupus erythematosus ( an immune disorder including inflammation of skin , heart , lung , joints and other organ systems ); sleep interruptions ; impotence ; inflammations . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ); severe allergic reaction with shock ; multiple sclerosis ; nerve disorders ( such as inflammation of the optic nerve to the eye , and guillain - barré syndrome , a condition that may cause muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms and upper body ); heart stops pumping ; pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ); intestinal perforation ( hole in the wall of the gut ); hepatitis ( liver inflammation ); reactivation of hepatitis b infection ; autoimmune hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ); cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ); stevens - johnson syndrome ( life - threatening reaction with flu - like symptoms and blistering rash ); facial oedema ( swelling ) associated with allergic reactions ; 91 erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash ); lupus - like syndrome ; angioedema ( localised swelling of the skin ); lichenoid skin reaction ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ) hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ( a rare blood cancer that is often fatal ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ); liver failure ; worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ). some side effects observed with adalimumab may not have symptoms and may only be discovered through blood tests . these include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for red blood cells ; increased lipids in the blood ; raised liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for sodium ; low blood measurements for calcium ; low blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; autoantibodies present in the blood ; low blood potassium . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) raised bilirubin measurement ( liver blood test ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - allergic reactions which might include symptoms of rash , hives , swelling of lips , tongue or face or sudden difficulty breathing . - severe skin reactions which might include symptoms of skin rash , blistering , or ulcers in your mouth - severe infections or sepsis ( a potentially life - threatening type of infection ) which might include symptoms of high fever , shaking , chills , reduced urine flow , or confusion - serious liver disease which might include symptoms of yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , darker urine than normal , unexplained nausea and vomiting , or abdominal pain - inflammation of the lungs which might include symptoms of shortness of breath or persistent cough - inflammation of the pancreas which might include symptoms of severe pain in the upper abdominal area that may also be felt in your back , nausea , or vomiting other side effects can occur with the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea , feeling sick - increase in alt ( increase in blood levels of certain hepatic enzymes ) shown in tests - hair thinning common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - influenza , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , bronchitis , sinusitis , sore throat and discomfort when swallowing , cystitis , gastroenteritis viral , oral herpes , tooth infection , laryngitis , fungal infection of the foot - laboratory values : a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), changes in liver and white blood cell test results ( see section 2 ), as well as elevations in a muscle enzyme ( creatine phosphokinase ) have been observed . - mild allergic reactions - feeling anxious - pins and needles , feeling weak , numb , tingling or pain in the lower back or leg ( sciatica ); feeling numb , burning , tingling or pain in the hands and fingers ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) 39 - feeling your heartbeat - increase in blood pressure - being sick ( vomiting ), toothache , upper abdominal pain - rash , acne - pain of the tendons , joints , bones , muscle pain ( musculoskeletal pain ), - needing to urinate more often than usual - heavy periods - pain - lack of energy or feeling weak ( asthenia ) - weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of blood platelets ( mild thrombocytopenia ) - increased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the skin ; stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves , problems in the nerves of the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ) - nail disorders - post - traumatic pain not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe infections ( including sepsis ) - severe allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) - pulmonary reaction ( interstitial lung disease , ild ) - inflammation of the liver , pancreas , or mouth / lips - severe skin reactions - abnormal levels of fats ( lipids ) in the blood - psoriasis reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel bms can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel bms '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ) reported with clopidogrel bms is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bms if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel bms '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel bms are : common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 1 , 000 ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 10 , 000 ): vertigo . very rare side effects ( affects less than 1 patient in 10 , 000 ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . 5 . how to store clopidogrel bms keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use clopidogrel bms after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and on the blister . refer to the storage conditions on the carton . if clopidogrel bms is supplied in pvc / pvdc / aluminium blisters , store below 30 . if clopidogrel bms is supplied in all aluminium blisters , it does not require any special storage conditions . do not use clopidogrel bms if you notice any visible sign of deterioration . medicines should not be disposed of via wastewater or household waste . ask your pharmacist how to dispose of medicines no longer required . these measures will help to protect the environment . 6 further information what clopidogrel bms contains the active substance is clopidogrel . each tablet contains 75 mg of clopidogrel ( as hydrogen sulphate ). the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ), hydrogenated castor oil , microcrystalline cellulose , macrogol 6000 and low - substituted hydroxypropylcellulose in the tablet core , and lactose ( milk sugar ), hypromellose ( e464 ), triacetin ( e1518 ), red iron oxide ( e172 ), titanium dioxide ( e171 ), and carnauba wax in the tablet coating . what clopidogrel bms looks like and contents of the pack clopidogrel bms 75 - mg film - coated tablets are round , biconvex , pink , engraved on one side with the number ' 75 ' and on the other side with the number ' 1171 '. clopidogrel bms is supplied in cardboard cartons containing 7 , 14 , 28 , 30 , 84 , 90 and 100 tablets in pvc / pvdc / aluminium blisters or in all aluminium blisters , or 50x1 tablets in pvc / pvdc / aluminium blisters or in all aluminium perforated unit - dose blisters . not all pack sizes may be marketed . marketing authorisation holder and manufacturer : marketing authorisation holder : bristol myers squibb pharma eeig uxbridge business park sanderson road uxbridge ub8 1dh united kingdom manufacturer : sanofi winthrop industrie 1 , rue de la vierge , ambarès & lagrave , f - 33565 carbon blanc cedex , france and / or sanofi - synthelabo limited , edgefield avenue , fawdon newcastle upon tyne , tyne & wear ne3 3tt - uk , united kingdom and / or sanofi winthrop industrie 6 , boulevard de l ' europe , f - 21800 quétigny , france 46 for any information about this medicine , please contact the local representative of the marketing authorisation holder : belgique / belgië / belgien bristol - myers squibb belgium s . a ./ n . v . tél / tel : + 32 2 352 76 11 luxembourg / luxemburg bristol - myers squibb belgium s . a ./ n . v . tél / tel : + 32 2 352 76 11 българия bristol - myers squibb gyógyszerkereskedelmi kft . teл .: + 359 800 12 400 magyarország bristol - myers squibb gyógyszerkereskedelmi kft . tel .: + 36 1 301 9700 česká republika bristol - myers squibb spol . s r . o . tel : + 420 221 016 111 malta bristol - myers squibb s . r . l . tel : + 39 06 50 39 61 danmark bristol - myers squibb denmark tlf : + 45 45 93 05 06 nederland bristol - myers squibb bv tel : + 31 34 857 42 22 deutschland bristol - myers squibb gmbh & co . kgaa tel : + 49 89 121 42 - 0 norge bristol - myers squibb norway ltd tlf : + 47 67 55 53 50 eesti bristol - myers squibb gyógyszerkereskedelmi kft tel : + 372 6827 400 österreich bristol - myers squibb gesmbh tel : + 43 1 60 14 30 ελλάδα bristol - myers squibb a . e . τηλ : + 30 210 6074300 polska bristol - myers squibb polska sp . z o . o . tel .: + 48 22 5796666 españa bristol - myers squibb , s . a . tel : + 34 91 456 53 00 portugal bristol - myers squibb farmacêutica portuguesa , s . a . tel : + 351 21 440 70 00 france bristol - myers squibb sarl tél : + 33 ( 0 ) 810 410 500 românia bristol - myers squibb gyógyszerkereskedelmi kft . tel : + 40 ( 0 ) 21 260 10 46 ireland bristol - myers squibb pharmaceuticals ltd tel : + 353 ( 1 800 ) 749 749 slovenija bristol - myers squibb spol . s r . o . tel : + 386 1 236 47 00 ísland vistor hf sími : + 354 535 7000 slovenská republika bristol - myers squibb spol . s r . o . tel : + 421 2 59298411 italia bristol - myers squibb s . r . l . tel : + 39 06 50 39 61 suomi / finland oy bristol - myers squibb ( finland ) ab puh / tel : + 358 9 251 21 230 47 κύπρος ακης παναγιωτου & υιος ε . π . ε . τηλ : + 357 22 677038 sverige bristol - myers squibb ab tel : + 46 8 704 71 00 latvija bristol - myers squibb gyógyszerkereskedelmi kft . tel : + 371 750 21 85 united kingdom bristol - myers squibb pharmaceuticals ltd tel : + 44 ( 0800 ) 731 1736 lietuva bristol - myers squibb gyógyszerkereskedelmi kft . tel : + 370 5 2790 762 this leaflet was last approved in mm / yyyy detailed information on this medicine is available on the european medicines agency ( emea ) website : 48 package leaflet : information for the user clopidogrel bms 300 - mg film - coated tablets clopidogrel read all of this leaflet carefully before you start taking this medicine . - keep this leaflet . you may need to read it again . - if you have any further questions , ask your doctor or your pharmacist . - this medicine has been prescribed for you . do not pass it on to others . it may harm them , even if their symptoms are the same as yours . - if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what clopidogrel bms is and what it is used for 2 . before you take clopidogrel bms 3 . how to take clopidogrel bms 4 . possible side effects
like all medicines , maci can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when you receive maci , you may experience side effects soon after the implantation . these effects will gradually reduce over time . your doctor may give you other medicines to help reduce any side effects ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). complications may be related to maci or to the surgical procedure , or both . complications related to knee surgery in general may include deep vein thrombosis ( blood clotting in a deep vein ) and pulmonary embolism ( blood clotting in the lung due to blockage of a lung artery ). if you notice any of the following , please contact your doctor immediately , since these may be symptoms of blood clotting : difficulty breathing , chest pain and palpitations leg swelling , leg pain and redness risks involved with implantation of maci : the following uncommon side effect may affect up to 1 in 100 people : too much cartilage growth . the graft may detach completely or partially from the defect in the joint . you may require more surgery to correct this risks involved with arthrotomy or arthroscopy or maci all surgical procedures carry a certain risk . your surgeon can explain these to you . the following rare side effects may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : infection inflammation post - operative pain bleeding in the joint joint stiffness / numbness swelling of the joint fever your surgeon or anaesthetist will explain to you the risks involved with the procedures as well as any additional specific risks that are applicable to you because of your medical history and current medical status . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , surgeon or physical therapist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you should stop taking zomarist and see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : lactic acidosis ( very rare : may affect up to 1 user in 10 , 000 ): zomarist may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking zomarist and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . angioedema ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , difficulty breathing , sudden onset of rash or hives , which may indicate a reaction called " angioedema ". liver disease ( hepatitis ) ( rare ): symptoms include yellow skin and eyes , nausea , loss of appetite or dark - coloured urine , which may indicate liver disease ( hepatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( frequency not known ): symptoms include severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ), which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting . other side effects some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking zomarist : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in and around the stomach ( abdominal pain ), loss of appetite . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , trembling that cannot be controlled , metallic taste , low blood glucose . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain , tiredness , constipation , swollen hands , ankle or feet ( oedema ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , fever ; signs of a high level of lactic acid in the blood ( known as lactic acidosis ) such as drowsiness or dizziness , severe nausea or vomiting , abdominal pain , irregular heart beat or deep , rapid breathing ; redness of the skin , itching ; decreased vitamin b12 levels ( paleness , tiredness , mental symptoms such as confusion or memory disturbances ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking zomarist and a sulphonylurea : common : dizziness , tremor , weakness , low blood glucose , excessive sweating . some patients have had the following side effects while taking zomarist and insulin : common : headache , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), low blood glucose , heartburn . uncommon : diarrhoea , flatulence . since this product has been marketed , the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): itchy rash , inflammation of the pancreas , localised peeling of skin or blisters , muscle pain . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . seek urgent medical attention if you experience any of the following serious side effects that have been reported with use of other local anaesthetics ( see section 2 ): abnormal / irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , fainting , dizziness or lightheadedness , fatigue , shortness of breath , chest pain , cardiac arrest ( symptoms of cardiovascular reaction ). restlessness , anxiety , difficulty speaking , lightheadedness , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), numbness and tingling of the mouth and lips , metallic taste , tinnitus ( i . e . ringing in the ears ), dizziness , blurred vision , tremors or twitching , depression , drowsiness , fits ( symptoms of central nervous system reaction ). hives or skin rash , swelling around the eyes , face , lips , mouth or throat , shortness of breath or difficulty breathing , fast heart beat , feeling seek , beeing sick , feeling dizzy or fainting , or fever ( symptoms of allergic reaction ). pale or grey / blue skin , shortness of breath , feeling lightheaded or fainting , confusion , palpitations , chest pain , irregular heartbeat , seizures , or coma ( symptoms of methaemoglobinemia ). other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): distortion of the sense of taste ; constipation ; feeling sick or being sick ; oral loss of sensation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling hot ; general bruising or falls ; abnormal blood test results ; pain in the joints ; decreased mobility or involuntary / uncontrolled body movements ; injury , pain , spasms , twitching or weakness in the muscles ; burning sensation ; headache ; loss of sensation ; itchy skin or skin irritation . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): abdominal discomfort , bloating or indigestion ; diarrhoea ; dry mouth , difficulty or pain with swallowing ; itching inside the mouth ; excess saliva in the mouth ; chills ; pain ( in the abdomen , wound site , muscles , groin , hands or feet ); swelling in ankles , feet , legs or joints ; stiffness in the joints ; abnormal ecg ; fresh blood passing from anus , usually with stools ; feeling tired ; partial paralysis ; difficulty breathing ; reddenning of the skin or around the wound site ; complications ( e . g ., redness , swelling , pain ) with the wound site ; excessive sweating ; nail discolouration . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inability to urinate ( i . e . completely or partially empty the bladder ); exparel liposomal does not work . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you experience itching of the skin ( pruritus ) or if the itch gets worse while on this medicine . in general itching of the skin is a very common side effect that begins within the first month following the start of treatment with ocaliva and usually becomes less severe over time .. very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain feeling tired common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): thyroid hormone irregularity dizziness fast or irregular heart beat ( palpitations ) pain in the mouth and throat constipation dry skin , redness of the skin ( eczema ) rash pain in your joints swelling in the hands and feet fever reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking steglujan and contact a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including rash , hives , blisters on the skin / peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you notice any of the serious side effects above , stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor straight away . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling sick or being sick stomach pain excessive thirst fast and deep breathing confusion unusual sleepiness or tiredness a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with steglujan . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene ( not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus ( see section " warnings and precautions " for symptoms ). if you notice any of the side effects above , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice the following side effects : dehydration ( losing too much water from your body ; common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) symptoms of dehydration include : dry mouth feeling dizzy , light - headed , or weak , especially when you stand up fainting you may be more likely to get dehydrated if you : have kidney problems take medicines that increase your urine production ( diuretics ) or lower blood pressure are 65 years or older low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ; common ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you have any of the symptoms or signs below . the doctor may lower the dose of your insulin or other diabetes medicine . signs and symptoms of low blood sugar may include : headache drowsiness irritability hunger dizziness confusion sweating feeling jittery weakness fast heart beat if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : very common vaginal yeast infection ( thrush ) low blood sugar common yeast infections of the penis changes in urination , including urgent need to urinate more often , in larger amounts , or at night thirst vaginal itching blood tests may show changes in the amount of urea in your blood blood tests may show changes in the amount of total and bad cholesterol ( called ldl - a type of fat in your blood ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called haemoglobin ) 42 constipation flatulence swelling of the hands or legs flu headache upper respiratory infection stuffy or runny nose and sore throat osteoarthritis arm or leg pain nausea / vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') painful urination stomach ache diarrhoea drowsiness dry mouth dizziness itching rare reduced number of platelets not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ) joint pain muscle pain back pain interstitial lung disease bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using esmya and immediately contact a doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of face , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing ; hives and breathing difficulties . these are possible symptoms of angioedema ( frequency not known ). - nausea or vomiting , severe tiredness , jaundice ( yellowing of the eyes or skin ), dark urine , itching or upper stomach ache . these symptoms may be signs of liver injury ( frequency not known ). see also section 2 warnings and precautions . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : - reduction or absence of menstrual bleeding ( amenorrhea ) - thickening of the lining of the womb ( endometrial thickening ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects : - headache - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ) - acne - muscle and bone ( musculoskeletal ) pain - sac of fluid within the ovaries ( ovarian cyst ), breast tenderness / pain , lower abdominal ( pelvic ) pain , hot flushes - tiredness ( fatigue ) - weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects : - drug allergy - anxiety - mood swings - dizziness - dry mouth , constipation - hair loss , dry skin , increased sweating - back pain - leakage of urine - bleeding from the womb ( uterine bleeding ), vaginal discharge , abnormal vaginal bleeding , breast discomfort - swelling due to fluid retention ( oedema ) - extreme tiredness ( asthenia ) - increase in blood cholesterol seen in blood tests , increase in blood fats ( triglycerides ) seen in blood tests . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects : - nosebleed - indigestion , bloating - break of sac of fluid within the ovaries ( ovarian cyst ruptured ) - breast swelling . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects with stayveer are abnormal liver function which may affect more than 1 in 10 people anaemia ( low blood value ) which may affect up to 1 in 10 people . anaemia may occasionally require blood transfusion your liver and blood values will be monitored during treatment with stayveer ( see section 2 ). it is important that you have these tests as ordered by your doctor . signs that your liver may not be working properly include : nausea ( urge to vomit ) vomiting fever ( high temperature ) pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) dark - coloured urine itching of your skin lethargy or fatigue ( unusual tiredness or exhaustion ) flu - like syndrome ( joint and muscle pain with fever ) if you notice any of these signs tell your doctor immediately other side effects very common ( may affect more than one in 10 people ): headache oedema ( swelling of the legs and ankles or other signs of fluid retention ) common ( may affect up to one in 10 people ): flushed appearance or redness of skin hypersensitivity reactions ( including skin inflammation , itching and rash ) gastrooesophageal reflux disease ( acid reflux ) diarrhoea syncope ( fainting ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) low blood pressure nasal congestion uncommon ( may affect up to one in 100 people ): thrombocytopenia ( low number of blood platelets ) neutropenia / leukopenia ( low number of white blood cells ) elevated liver function tests with hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) including possible exacerbation of underlying hepatitis and / or jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) rare ( may affect up to one in 1000 people ): anaphylaxis ( general allergic reaction ), angioedema ( swelling , most commonly around the eyes , lips , tongue or throat ) cirrhosis ( scarring ) of the liver , liver failure ( serious disturbance of liver function ) 47 blurred vision have also been reported at an unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). side effects in children and adolescents the side effects that have been reported in children treated with stayveer are the same as those in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking exviera and talk to your doctor or get medical help immediately if any of the following occur : side effects when taking exviera with ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with or without ribavirin : frequency not known : cannot be estimated based on available data serious allergic reactions , signs may include : o difficulty breathing or swallowing o dizziness or light - headedness , which may be due to low blood pressure o swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat o rash and itching of the skin worsening liver problems . symptoms include : o feel sick ( nauseous ), are sick ( vomit ) or lose your appetite o notice yellowing of your skin or eyes o your urine is darker than normal o confusion o notice swelling of your stomach area tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : side effects when taking exviera with ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people itching . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people swelling of the layers of skin which can affect any part of the body including the face , tongue or throat and may cause difficulty swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) side effects when taking exviera and ombitasvir / paritaprevir / ritonavir with ribavirin : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people feeling very tired ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( nausea ) itching trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) feeling weak or lack of energy ( asthenia ). diarrhoea common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people anaemia ( low number of red blood cells ). vomiting 62 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dehydration rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people swelling of the layers of skin which can affect any part of the body including the face , tongue or throat and may cause difficulty swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a severe allergic reaction may occur , including trouble breathing ( dyspnea ), swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ), severe rash or severe itching ( pruritus ) ( see section 2 ). if such reaction occurs , stop taking dificlir and seek medical advice urgently from your doctor , pharmacist or at your local hospital emergency department . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : − vomiting − nausea − constipation . other possible side effects are the following : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) − decreased appetite − dizziness , headache − dry mouth , altered taste ( dysgeusia ) − bloated feeling , wind ( flatulence ) − rash , itching ( pruritus ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) − swelling of the face and throat ( angioedema ), trouble breathing ( dyspnea ) additional side effects in children and adolescents − hives reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ); uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ); rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ). see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following you may need urgent medical treatment : signs of a stroke such as : - sudden numbness or weakness of your arm , leg or face , especially if only on one side of the body - sudden confusion , difficulty speaking or understanding others - sudden difficulty in walking or loss of balance or co - ordination - suddenly feeling dizzy or sudden severe headache with no known cause these are signs of a kind of stroke caused by bleeding into the brain . this is uncommon . bleeding some bleeding is common . however , severe bleeding is uncommon , but can be life threatening . bleeding of many different kinds can be increased , for example : - nosebleed ( common ) - blood in your urine ( uncommon ) - black stools or blood in your stools ( common ) - blood in your eye ( uncommon ) - coughing up or bringing up blood ( uncommon ) - vaginal bleeding that is heavier , or happens at different times , to your normal period ( menstrual ) bleeding ( uncommon ) - bleeding after surgery or from cuts and wounds that is more than normal ( common ) - bleeding from your stomach lining ( ulcer ) ( uncommon ). - bleeding gums ( uncommon ) - blood in your ear ( rare ) - internal bleeding ( rare ) - bleeding into joints causing painful swelling ( rare ) discuss with your doctor if you notice any of the following : feeling short of breath - this is common . it might be due to your heart disease or another cause , or it might be a side effect of possia . if your feeling of shortness of breath gets worse or lasts a long time , tell your doctor . your doctor will decide if it needs treatment or further investigations . other possible side effects common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) bruising uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) allergic reaction a rash , itching , or a swollen face or swollen lips / tongue may be signs of an allergic reaction ( see section 2 : what you need to know before you take possia ). headache feeling dizzy or like the room is spinning abdominal pain diarrhoea or indigestion feeling or being sick rash itching inflamed stomach ( gastritis ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) constipation a tingling feeling confusion if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist , but do not stop taking possia until you have spoken to them . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible side effects may be reduced or even avoided by infusing privigen at a slow infusion rate . such side effects may occur even if you have previously received human immunoglobulins and tolerated them well . in rare and isolated cases , the following side effects have been reported with immunoglobulin preparations : severe hypersensitivity reactions such as a sudden fall in blood pressure or anaphylactic shock ( e . g . you may feel light - headed , dizzy , faint on standing , cold in the hands and feet , sense an 30 abnormal heart beat or chest pain , or have blurred vision ) even when you have shown no hypersensitivity on previous infusions , tell your doctor or healthcare professional immediately if you notice such signs during the infusion of privigen . he or she will decide whether to decrease the infusion rate or to stop the infusion completely . formation of blood clots which may be carried off in the blood circulation ( thromboembolic reactions ) and which may result e . g . in myocardial infarction ( e . g . when you have sudden chest pain or shortness of breath ), stroke ( e . g . when you have a sudden onset of muscle weakness , have loss of sensation and / or balance , decreased alertness or difficulty in speaking ), blood clots in the arteries of the lungs ( e . g . when you have chest pain , difficulty in breathing or are coughing up blood ), deep vein thrombosis ( e . g . when you have redness , feel warmth , pain , tenderness , or have a swelling of one or both legs ), chest pain , chest discomfort , painful respiration due to transfusion related lung injury ( trali ) tell your doctor or healthcare professional immediately if you have any of the above symptoms . anyone experiencing such symptoms should immediately be transported to a hospital emergency room for evaluation and treatment . temporary non - infectious meningitis ( reversible aseptic meningitis ), tell your doctor or healthcare professional immediately if you have a stiff neck together with one or more of the following symptoms : fever , nausea , vomiting , headache , abnormal sensitivity to light , mental disturbances . increase in blood creatinine level , proteinuria , acute renal failure , transient decrease in red blood cells ( reversible haemolytic anaemia / haemolysis ), anaemia , leukopenia , anisocytosis ( including microcytosis ). side effects observed in controlled clinical studies and in post - marketing experience are presented in o rder of decreasing frequency : very common ( may occur with more than 1 in 10 patients ): headache ( including sinus headache , migraine , head discomfort , tension headache ), upset stomach ( na usea ), pain ( including back pain , pain in extremity , pain in joints and bones ( arthralgia ), neck pain , fac ial pain ), fever ( including chills ), flu - like illness ( including runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), sore throat ( pharyngolaryngeal pain ), blisters in mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal blistering ), throat tightness . common ( may occur with up to 1 in 10 patients ): temporary lowering of red blood cell count ( anaemia ), breakdown of red blood cells ( haemolysis ), decreased number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ), hypersensitivity , dizziness ( including vertigo ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), flushing ( including hot flush , hyperaemia ), hypotension ( including decreased blood pressure ), breathlessness ( dyspnoea including chest pain , chest discomfort , painful breathing ), vomiting , loose stools ( diarrhea ), stomach pain , skin disorder ( including rash , itching ( pruritus ), hives ( urticaria ), maculopapular rash , redness of the skin ( erythema ), peeling of the skin ( skin exfoliation )), pain in the muscles ( including muscle cramps and rigidity ), tiredness ( fatigue ), physical weakness ( asthenia ), weakness in the muscles , . routine laboratory tests may commonly reveal changes to liver functions ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) as well as changes in blood count ( e . g . coombs ' ( direct ) test positive ), increased alanine aminotransferase , increased aspartate aminotransferase , increased blood lactate dehydrogenase ). uncommon ( may occur with up to 1 in 100 patients ): temporary non - infectious meningitis ( reversible aseptic meningitis ), irregularity of red blood cell shape ( microscopic finding ), presence of high platelet counts in the blood ( thrombocytosis ), sleepiness , shiver ( tremor ), palpitations , tachycardia , thromboembolic events , lack of blood supply to the lower extremities causing e . g . pain when walking ( peripheral vascular disorder ), presence of an excess of serum proteins in the urine ( proteinuria including increased blood creatinine ), injection site pain 31 in isolated cases ( post - marketing experience ), the following have been observed in patients treated with privigen : abnormally low level of specific white blood cells called neutrophils ( decreased neutrophils counts ), anaphylactic shock , painful respiration due to transfusion related lung injury ( trali ) and acute renal failure . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or healthcare professional . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . please also refer to section 2 " what you need to know before you are given privigen " for additional details on circumstances which increase the risk of side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or healthcare professional . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , ontruzant can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during an ontruzant infusion , chills , fever and other flu like symptoms may occur . these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other infusion - related symptoms are : feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain , increased muscle tension and shaking , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , wheezing , high or low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances ( palpitations , heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ), swelling of the face and lips , rash and feeling tired . some of these symptoms can be serious and some patients have died ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your vein ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you treatment to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the symptoms improve . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . sometimes , symptoms may improve and then get worse later . serious side effects other side effects can occur at any time during treatment with ontruzant , not just related to an infusion . tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during treatment and occasionally after treatment has stopped and can be serious . they include weakening of the heart muscle possibly leading to heart failure , inflammation of the lining around the heart and heart rhythm disturbances . this can lead to symptoms such as breathlessness ( including breathlessness at night ), cough , fluid retention ( swelling ) in the legs or arms , palpitations ( heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ) ( see 2 . heart checks ). your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the above symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterized by high blood levels of potassium and phosphate , and low blood levels of calcium ). symptoms may include kidney problems ( weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and confusion ), heart problems ( fluttering of the heart or a faster or slower heartbeat ), seizures , vomiting or diarrhoea and tingling in the mouth , hands or feet . if you experience any of the above symptoms when your treatment with ontruzant has finished , you should see your doctor and tell them that you have previously been treated with ontruzant . the following list of side effects can occur at any time during treatment with ontruzant , not just related to an infusion . very common side effects of ontruzant ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections diarrhoea constipation dyspepsia ( heartburn ) fatigue skin rashes chest pain abdominal pain joint pain low counts of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which help fight infection ) sometimes with fever 48 muscle pain conjunctivitis watery eyes nose bleeds runny nose hair loss tremor hot flush dizziness nail disorders weight loss loss of appetite insomnia ( inability to sleep ) altered taste low platelet count bruising numbness or tingling of the fingers and toes redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet breathlessness headache cough vomiting nausea common side effects of ontruzant ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions throat infections bladder and skin infections shingles inflammation of the breast inflammation of the liver kidney disorders hypertonia ( increased muscle tone or tension ) pain in the arms and / or legs itchy rash somnolence ( sleepiness ) haemorrhoids itchiness leg cramps dry mouth and skin dry eyes sweating feeling weak and unwell anxiety depression abnormal thinking asthma infection of lungs lung disorders back pain neck pain bone pain acne uncommon side effects of ontruzant ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): deafness bumpy rash blood infection rare side effects of ontruzant ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): muscle weakness jaundice ( yellowish discoloration of the skin or eyes ) inflammation or scarring of the lungs 49 other side effects that have been reported with ontruzant use ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): abnormal or impaired blood clotting anaphylactic reactions ( serious allergic reaction ) high potassium levels swelling of the brain swelling or bleeding at the back of the eyes shock swelling of the lining of the heart slow heart rate abnormal heart rhythm respiratory distress respiratory failure acute accumulation of fluid in the lungs acute narrowing of the airways abnormally low oxygen levels in the blood difficulty in breathing when lying flat liver damage / failure swelling of the face , lips and throat kidney failure during pregnancy : abnormally low levels of fluid around baby in womb failure of the lungs of the baby to develop in the womb abnormal development of the kidneys of the baby in the womb some of the side effects you experience may be due to your underlying cancer . if you receive ontruzant in combination with chemotherapy , some of them may also be due to the chemotherapy . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , humenza can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur following vaccination , in rare cases leading to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) during a clinical study conducted with humenza in adults and elderly , the side effects listed below have been observed . very common : headache , muscular pain , injection site pain . common : feeling generally unwell , shivering , fever . at the injection site : hardness , redness , swelling , bruising . during clinical studies conducted with humenza in children and adolescents , the side effects listed below have been observed . adolescent from 9 to 17 years old : very common : headache , feeling generally unwell , muscular pain , shivering . at the injection site : pain , redness , swelling , hardness . common : fever , sore throat , injection site bruising . children from 3 to 8 years old : very common : feeling generally unwell , muscular pain , headache , shivering , fever . at the injection site : pain , redness , swelling , bruising , hardness . common : injection site warmth . children from 24 to 35 months old : very common : feeling generally unwell , muscular pain , shivering , fever . at the injection site : pain , redness , hardness , swelling . common : injection site bruising , headache , cough . children from 12 to 23 months old : very common : appetite lost , irritability , drowsiness , fever , abnormal crying . at the injection site : pain , redness , hardness , swelling . common : injection site bruising , vomiting , cough . children from 6 to 11 months old : very common : irritability , crying abnormal , appetite lost , drowsiness , fever , vomiting . at the injection site : pain , redness , hardness , swelling . common : injection site bruising , diarrhoea . in all age goups , the side effects listed above usually disappeared without treatment within 1 to 3 days after onset . the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . these side effects may occur with humenza . very rare : - skin reactions that may spread throughout the body including itchiness of the skin ( pruritus , urticaria ), rash . - side effects related to the central nervous system : pain located on the nerve route ( neuralgia ), differences in the perception of touch , pain , heat and cold ( paraesthesia ), convulsions associated with fever , neurological disorders that may result in stiff neck , confusion , numbness , pain and weakness of the limbs , loss of balance , loss of reflexes , paralysis of part or all the body ( encephalomyelitis , neuritis , guillain - barré syndrome ). - temporary reduction in the number of certain types of particles in the blood called platelets ; a low number of these can result in excessive bruising or bleeding ( transient thrombocytopenia ), temporary swelling of the glands in the neck , armpit or groin ( transient lymphadenopathy ). - allergic reactions : in rare cases leading to shock ( a failure of the circulatory system to maintain adequate blood flow to the different organs leading to medical emergency ). including swelling most apparent in the head and neck , including the face , lips , tongue , throat or any other part of the body ( angioedema ) in very rare cases . - vessel inflammation ( vasculitis ) which may result in skin rashes and in very rare cases in temporary kidney problems . if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , busulfan fresenius kabi can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : the most serious side effects of busulfan therapy or the transplant procedure may include decrease in circulating blood cell counts ( intended effect of the medicine to prepare you for your transplant infusion ), infection , liver disorders including blocking of a liver vein , graft versus host disease ( the graft attacks your body ) and pulmonary complications . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and liver enzymes regularly to detect and manage these events . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): blood : decrease of blood circulating cells ( red and white ) and platelets . infections . nervous system : insomnia , anxiety , dizziness , and depression . nutrition : loss of appetite , decrease in magnesium , calcium , potassium , phosphate , albumine in blood , and increase in blood sugar . cardiac : increase in heart rate , increase or decrease of blood pressure , vasodilatation ( a state of increased calibre of the blood vessels ), and blood clots . respiratory : shortness of breath , nasal secretion ( rhinitis ), sore throat , cough , hiccup , nosebleeds , abnormal breath sounds . gastro - intestinal : nausea , inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , heart burn , anus discomfort , liquid in the abdomen . hepatic : enlarged liver , jaundice , blocking of a liver vein . skin : rash , itching , loss of hairs . muscle and bone : back , muscle and joint pain . renal : increase in creatinine elimination , discomfort in urination , and decrease in urine output and bloody urine . general : fever , headache , weakness , chills , pain , allergic reaction , oedema , general pain or inflammation at injection site , chest pain , inflammation of the mucosa . investigations : elevated liver enzymes and weight increased . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nervous system : confusion , nervous system disorders . nutrition : low blood sodium . cardiac : changes and abnormalities in heart rhythm , fluid retention or inflammation around the heart , decrease heart output . respiratory : increase in breath rhythm , respiratory failure , alveolar haemorrhages , asthma , collapse of small portions of the lung , fluid around the lung . gastro - intestinal : inflammation of the mucosa of oesophagus , paralysis of the gut , vomiting blood . skin : skin colour disorder , redness of the skin , skin desquamation . renal : increase in the amount of nitrogen components in the blood stream , moderate renal insufficiency , renal disorder . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nervous system : delirium , nervousness , hallucination , agitation , abnormal brain function , cerebral haemorrhage , and seizure . cardiac : clotting of femoral artery , extra heart beats , decrease in heart rate , diffuse leak of fluid from the capillaries ( small blood vessels ). respiratory : decrease in blood oxygen . gastro - intestinal : bleeding in the stomach and / or the gut . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) sex glands dysfunction lens disorders including clouding of the lens of the eye ( cataract ), and blurred vision ( corneal thinning ) menopausal symptoms and female infertility . brain abscess , inflammation of the skin , generalised infection . liver disorders . increase of lactate dehydrogenase in the blood . increase of uric acid and urea in the blood . incomplete development of teeth reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most important side effects are the autoimmune conditions described in section 2 which include : acquired haemophilia a ( a type of bleeding disorder ), ( uncommon - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): may show as spontaneous bruising , nose bleeds , painful or swollen joints , other types of bleeding , or bleeding from a cut that may take longer than usual to stop . itp ( bleeding disorders ), ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): may show as small scattered red , pink or purple spots on your skin ; easy bruising ; bleeding from a cut that is harder to stop ; heavier , longer or more frequent menstrual periods than normal ; bleeding between menstrual periods ; bleeding from your gums or nose that is new or takes longer than usual to stop ; or coughing up blood . kidney disorders , ( rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): may show as blood in the urine ( your urine may be red or tea - coloured ), or as swelling in your legs or feet . it can also lead to damage of your lungs , which can result in coughing up blood . if you notice any of these signs or symptoms for bleeding or kidney disorders , call your doctor immediately to report the symptoms . if you cannot reach your doctor , you must seek immediate medical attention . thyroid disorders ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): may show as excessive sweating ; unexplained weight - loss or gain ; eye swelling ; nervousness ; fast heartbeat ; feeling cold ; worsening tiredness ; or newly occurring constipation . red and white blood cells disorders ( uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diagnosed from your blood tests . all of these serious side effects can start many years after you have received lemtrada . if you notice any of these signs or symptoms , call your doctor right away to report them . you will also have regular blood and urine tests to ensure that if you develop any of these conditions , they are treated promptly . summary of tests you will have for autoimmune conditions : test when ? for how long ? blood test ( to diagnose all important serious side effects listed above ) before treatment starts and every month after treatment until 4 years after your last lemtrada infusion urine test ( additional test to diagnose kidney disorders ) before treatment starts and every month after treatment until 4 years after your last lemtrada infusion 43 after this time , if you have symptoms of itp , acquired haemohilia a , kidney or thyroid disorders , your doctor will perform more tests . you should also continue looking for signs and symptoms of side effects beyond four years as detailed in your patient guide , and you should continue carrying the patient alert card with you . another side effect is an increased risk of infections ( see below for information on how often patients experience infections ). in most cases , these are mild but serious infections can occur . tell your doctor right away if you have any of these signs of infection fever and / or chills swollen glands to help reduce the risk of some infections your doctor may consider giving you vaccination against chickenpox and / or other vaccinations that they think are necessary for you ( see section 2 : what you need to know before you are administered lemtrada - vaccines ). your doctor can also prescribe a medicine for cold sores ( see section 2 : what you need to know before you are administered lemtrada infections ). the most frequent side effects are infusion reactions ( see below for information on how often patients experience these ), which can happen at the time of the infusion or within 24 hours after the infusion . in most cases these are mild but some serious reactions are possible . occasionally allergic reactions could occur . to try to reduce infusion reactions , your doctor will give you medicine ( corticosteroids ) before each of the first 3 infusions of a lemtrada course . other treatments to limit these reactions can also be given before the infusion or when you experience symptoms . in addition , you will be monitored during the infusion and for 2 hours after the infusion has been completed . in case of serious reactions , the infusion may be slowed down or even stopped . please refer to the lemtrada patient guide for more information about these events . these are the side effects that you may experience : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infusion reactions that can happen at the time of the infusion or within 24 hours after the infusion : changes in heart rate , headache , rash , rash over your body , fever , hives , chills , itching , reddening of the face and neck , feeling tired , nausea infections : airway infections such as colds and sinus infections , urinary tract infections , herpes infections decrease in white blood cell numbers ( lymphocytes , leukocytes , neutrophils ) thyroid disorders such as over - active or under - active thyroid gland common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infusion reactions that can happen at the time of the infusion or within 24 hours after the infusion : indigestion , chest discomfort , pain , dizziness , altered taste , difficulty sleeping , difficulty breathing or shortness of breath , low blood pressure , infusion site pain . infections : cough , ear infection , flu - like illness , bronchitis , pneumonia , oral thrush or vaginal thrush , shingles , cold sore , swollen or enlarged glands , influenza , herpes zoster infection , tooth infection increase in white blood cells counts such as neutrophils , eosinophils ( different types of white blood cells ) anaemia , decrease in percentage of red blood cells , easy or excessive bruising or bleeding , swelling of lymph nodes exaggerated immune response pain in the back , the neck , or in arms or legs , muscle pain , muscle spasms , joint pain , painful mouth or throat inflammation of the mouth / gums / tongue general discomfort , weakness , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , gastric flu , hiccups abnormal liver test 44 heartburn abnormalities that can be found during examinations : blood or protein in urine , decreased heart rate , irregular or abnormal heart beat , high blood pressure , impaired kidney function , white blood cells in urine contusion ms relapse trembling , loss of sensation , burning or prickling sensation autoimmune over - active or under - active thyroid gland , thyroid antibodies or goitre ( swelling of the thyroid gland in the neck ) swelling of arms and / or legs vision problems , conjunctivitis , eye disease associated with thyroid disease sensation of spinning or loss of balance , migraine feelings of anxiety , depression abnormally heavy , prolonged or irregular menstruation acne , redness of the skin , excessive sweating , skin discoloration , skin lesion , dermatitis nose bleeds , bruises hair loss asthma muscular and bone pain , chest discomfort uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infections : stomach flu , inflammation of the gums , nail fungus , tonsil inflammation , acute sinusitis , bacterial skin infection , pneumonitis , cytomegalovirus infection athlete ' s foot abnormal vaginal smear increased sensation , sensory disturbance such as numbness , tingling and pain , tension headache double vision pain in ear difficulty swallowing , throat irritation , productive cough decreased weight , weight increase , red blood cell decrease , blood glucose increase , increase in red blood cell size constipation , acid reflex , dry mouth rectal bleeding bleeding of gums decreased appetite blisters , night sweats , face swelling , eczema stiffness , arms or legs discomfort kidney stones , excretion of ketone bodies in urine , kidney disease decreased / weak immune system tuberculosis inflammation of the gallbladder with or without gallstones warts autoimmune disorder characterized by bleeding ( acquired haemophilia a ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) excessive activation of white blood cells associated with inflammation ( haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): listeriosis / listeria meningitis bleeding in lungs heart attack stroke tears in carotid or vertebral arteries ( blood vessels supplying the brain ) infection due to a virus known as epstein - barr virus 45 show the patient alert card and this package leaflet to any doctor involved with your treatment , not only to your neurologist . you will also find this information in the patient alert card and patient guide that you have been given by your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects depression and suicidal thoughts tell your doctor straight away about any changes in behaviour or mood , feelings of depression , thoughts of suicide or suicidal behaviour ( this is uncommon ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea headaches , migraines or tension headaches upper respiratory tract infections such as cold , runny nose , sinus infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) cough back pain vomiting feeling tired stomach pain loss of appetite frequent bowel movements difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) indigestion or heartburn inflammation and swelling of the tubes in your lungs ( bronchitis ) common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) depression uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rash hives ( urticaria ) weight loss allergic reaction bleeding in the bowel or in the stomach suicidal ideation or behaviour not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): severe allergic reaction ( may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may lead to difficulty breathing or swallowing ) if you are 65 years of age or older , you might have a higher risk of complications of severe diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . if your gut problems become severe , you should talk to your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start rezolsta . if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , your doctor should check your blood tests more often because you have an increased chance of developing liver problems . talk to your doctor about the signs and symptoms of liver problems . these may include yellowing of your skin or whites of your eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) urine , pale coloured stools ( bowel movements ), nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , or pain , aching , or pain and discomfort on your right side below your ribs . a common side effect of rezolsta is skin rash ( more often when used in combination with raltegravir ), itching . the rash is usually mild to moderate . a skin rash might also be a symptom of a rare severe situation . it is , therefore , important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether rezolsta must be stopped . other severe side effects , seen up to 1 patient in 10 , were diabetes . inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) has been reported in up to 1 patient in 100 . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions such as itching - decreased appetite - abnormal dreams - vomiting , pain or swelling of the belly , indigestion , flatulence - muscle pain - tiredness - abnormal blood test results such as some tests for your liver or kidney . your doctor will explain these to you . - weakness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of infection or of autoimmune disorders ( immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome ) - osteonecrosis ( death of bone tissue caused by loss of blood supply to the bone ) - enlargement of breasts - abnormal blood test results such as some tests for your pancreas , high level of sugar , abnormal levels of ' lipids ' ( fats ). your doctor will explain these to you . - allergic reactions such as nettle rash ( urticaria ), severe swelling of the skin and other tissues ( most often the lips or the eyes ) - severe rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a reaction called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , fatigue , swelling of the face or lymph glands , increase of eosinophils ( type of white blood cells ), effects on liver , kidney or lung ]. side effects with unknown frequency : a rash may become severe or potentially life - threatening : - rash with blisters and peeling skin over much of the body - red rash covered with small pus - filled bumps that can spread over the body , sometimes with a fever . some side effects are typical for hiv medicines in the same family as rezolsta . these are : - muscle pain , tenderness or weakness . on rare occasions , these muscle disorders have been serious . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of tongue , lips or face , urticaria , skin rash these may be signs of an allergic reaction . feeling tired or very thirsty , having an increased appetite without gaining weight and passing more urine than usual these may be signs of high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) crushing chest pain with increased sweating this may be a serious heart problem ( ischaemic heart disease ). swelling mainly of the tongue , lips , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). difficulty breathing with wheezing or coughing . eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of glaucoma . irregular heartbeat . if you get any of these serious side effects , seek medical help immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) blocked nose , sneezing , cough , headache with or without fever - these may be signs of an upper respiratory tract infection . common combination of sore throat and runny nose - these may be signs of nasopharyngitis . painful and frequent urination these may be signs of a urinary tract infection called cystitis . feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead these may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis . runny or stuffy nose . dizziness . headache . cough . sore throat . upset stomach , indigestion . dental caries . difficulty and pain when passing urine these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or urinary retention . fever . chest pain . uncommon difficulty sleeping . fast heart beat . palpitations signs of abnormal heart beat . voice alteration ( hoarseness ). nose bleeds . diarrhoea or stomach ache . dry mouth . itching or rash . pain that affects the muscles , ligaments , tendons , joints and bones . muscle spasm . muscle pain , aches or tenderness . pain in arms or legs . swollen hands , ankles and feet . tiredness . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) tingling or numbness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . since constipation may be a preceding symptom in very rare cases of blockages in your intestine , it is important to inform your doctor or pharmacist of this symptom before or during the use of tasermity . the following side effects have been reported in patients taking tasermity : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , flatulence . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased acidity of the blood . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10000 people ): hypersensitivity . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): cases of itching , rash , abdominal pain , slow intestine motility ( movement ), blockages in the intestine , inflammation of abnormal small pouches ( called diverticula ) in the large intestine and perforation in the intestine wall have been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common side effects associated with ondexxya in clinical trials of healthy people were infusionrelated reactions with usually mild symptoms such as flushing or feeling hot ( very common side effects which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). headache , cough , or shortness of breath ( common side effects which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) happened within a few minutes to a few hours of the infusion . in clinical trials of patients with life - threatening bleeding , fever and stroke may affect up to 1 in 10 people ; transient ischaemic attack ( tia ), heart attack , and blood clots in the legs or lungs may affect up to 1 in 100 people ( uncommon side effects ). list of possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flushing or feeling hot effects on blood clotting markers : some markers which affect blood clotting were increased for a little while and then returned to normal . there were no blood clots in these healthy people . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) hives dizziness rapid or irregular heartbeat stomach pain or discomfort dry mouth disturbance of taste nausea ( feeling sick ) chest discomfort feeling cold excessive sweating itching back pain muscle spasms reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , daronrix can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( more than 1 per 10 doses of vaccine ): headache fatigue pain and redness at the injection site common ( less than 1 per 10 but more than 1 per 100 doses of vaccine ): increased sweating , bruising aching muscles , joint pain swelling at the injection site , hard lump shivering , fever uncommon ( less than 1 per 100 but more than 1 per 1000 doses of vaccine ): sore nose and throat and discomfort when swallowing , runny nose itching at the injection site these reactions usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without treatment . other side effects which have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with ordinary flu vaccines include : uncommon ( less than 1 per 100 but more than 1 per 1000 doses of vaccine ): generalised skin reactions such as itching , hives or rash rare ( less than 1 per 1000 but more than 1 per 10 , 000 doses of vaccine ): severe stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves pins and needles fits low blood platelet count allergic reactions leading to a dangerous decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to collapse , coma and death very rare ( less than 1 per 10 , 000 doses of vaccine ): narrowing or blockage of blood vessels with kidney problems inflammation of the brain and spinal column painful swelling in the arms or legs temporary inflammation of the nerves , causing pain , weakness and paralysis in the extremities and often progressing to the chest and face . do not be alarmed by this list of possible side effects . it is possible that you have no side effects from vaccination . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately during treatment : - if you experience an allergic reaction including weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), skin rash , itchy rash ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ). - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) as this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ards ). - if you experience kidney injury ( glomerulonephritis ). kidney injury has been seen in patients who received filgrastim . call your doctor right away if you experience puffiness in your face or ankles , blood in your urine or brown - coloured urine or you notice you urinate less than usual . - if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : o swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : o fever , or shivering , or feeling very cold , high heart rate , confusion or disorientation , shortness of breath , extreme pain or discomfort and clammy or sweaty skin . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your shoulder , as there may be a problem with your spleen ( enlargement of the spleen ( splenomegaly ) or rupture of the spleen ). - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine ( haematuria ). your doctor may regularly test your urine if you experience this side effect or if protein is found in your urine ( proteinuria ). a common side effect of filgrastim use is pain in your muscles or bones ( musculoskeletal pain ), which can be helped by taking standard pain relief medicines ( analgesics ). in patients undergoing a stem cell or bone marrow transplant , graft versus host disease ( gvhd ) may occur - this is a reaction of the donor cells against the patient receiving the transplant ; signs and symptoms include rash on the palms of your hands or soles of your feet and ulcer and sores in your mouth , gut , liver , skin , or your eyes , lungs , vagina and joints . in normal stem cell donors , an increase in white blood cells ( leucocytosis ) and a decrease of platelets may be seen . this reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ). these will be monitored by your doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decrease of platelets which reduces the ability of blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) headache diarrhoea vomiting nausea unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) tiredness ( fatigue ) soreness and swelling of the digestive tract lining which runs from the mouth to the anus ( mucosal inflammation ) fever ( pyrexia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ) upper respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection decreased appetite trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness decreased feeling of sensitivity , especially in the skin ( hypoaesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) constipation oral pain enlargement of the liver ( hepatomegaly ) rash redness of the skin ( erythema ) muscle spasm pain when passing urine ( dysuria ) chest pain pain generalised weakness ( asthenia ) generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood changes in blood chemistry transfusion reaction 41 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increase in white blood cells ( leucocytosis ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rejection of transplanted bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) liver damage caused by blocking of the small veins within the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) lungs do not function as they should , causing breathlessness ( respiratory failure ) swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) abnormal x - rays of the lungs ( lung infiltration ) bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) lack of absorption of oxygen in the lung ( hypoxia ) bumpy skin rash ( rash maculo - papular ) disease which causes bones to become less dense , making them weaker , more brittle and likely to break ( osteoporosis ) injection site reaction rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe pain in the bones , chest , gut or joints ( sickle cell anaemia with crisis ) sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) pain and swelling of the joints , similar to gout ( pseudogout ) a change in how your body regulates fluids within your body and may result in puffiness ( fluid volume disturbances ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects and main side effects for vectibix are listed below : infusion reactions during or following treatment you may experience an infusion reaction . these can be mild or moderate ( likely to occur in approximately 5 out of 100 people who take vectibix ), or severe ( likely to occur in 1 out of 100 people who take vectibix ). symptoms may include headache , rashes , itching or hives , flushing , swelling ( face , lips , mouth , around the eyes , and throat area ), rapid and irregular heartbeat , fast pulse , sweating , nausea , vomiting , dizziness , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or a decrease in blood pressure that may be severe or life - threatening and , very rarely , may lead to death . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should notify your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to reduce the rate of your infusion or discontinue your treatment with vectibix . allergic reactions very rarely , serious allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions involving symptoms similar to an infusion reaction ( see " infusion reactions ") have occurred more than 24 hours after treatment and resulted in a fatal outcome . seek medical attention immediately if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction to vectibix , including but not limited to difficulty breathing , chest tightness , a sensation of choking , dizziness , or fainting . skin reactions skin - related reactions are likely to occur in approximately 94 out of 100 people who take vectibix and are usually mild to moderate . the skin rash commonly resembles acne and often involves the face , upper chest and back , but can affect any area of the body . some rashes have been associated with redness , itching and flaking of the skin which can become severe . in some cases , it may cause infected sores requiring medical and / or surgical treatment , or cause severe skin infections that in rare cases could be fatal . in rare cases patients may experience blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals , which may indicate a severe skin reaction called " stevens - johnson syndrome " or blistering of the 31 skin , which may indicate a severe skin reaction called " toxic epidermal necrolysis ". if you experience blistering , you should notify your doctor immediately . prolonged exposure to the sun can make the rash worse . also , dry skin , fissures ( cracks in the skin ) on the fingers or toes , fingernail bed or toenail bed infection ( paronychia ) or inflammation has been reported . once treatment is withheld or discontinued , the skin reactions will generally resolve . your doctor may decide to treat the rash , adjust the dose or discontinue your treatment with vectibix . other side effects include : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people low red blood cell numbers ( anaemia ); low potassium levels in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); low magnesium levels in the blood ( hypomagnesaemia ); eye inflammation ( conjunctivitis ); local or widespread rash which may be bumpy ( with or without spots ), itchy , red or flaky ; hair loss ( alopecia ); mouth ulcers and cold sores ( stomatitis ); inflammation of the mouth ( mucosal inflammation ); diarrhoea ; nausea ; vomiting ; abdominal pain ; constipation ; decreased appetite ; decreased weight ; extreme tiredness ( fatigue ); fever or high temperature ( pyrexia ); lack or loss of strength ( asthenia ); accumulation of fluid in the extremities ( oedema peripheral ); back pain ; inability to sleep ( insomnia ); cough ; dyspnoea ( breathing difficulties ). common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people low white blood numbers ( leucopenia ); low calcium levels in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ); low phosphates in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); high glucose in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ); growth of eyelashes ; flow of tears ( lacrimation increased ); redness of the eye ( ocular hyperaemia ); dry eye ; itchy eyes ( eye pruritus ); eye irritation ; eyelid inflammation ( blepharitis ); skin ulcer ; scab ; excess hair growth ( hypertrichosis ); redness and swelling of palms of hands or soles of feet ( hand - foot syndrome ); excess sweating ( hyperhidrosis ); skin reaction ( dermatitis ); spreading infection below the skin ( cellulitis ); hair follicle inflammation ( folliculitis ); localised infection ; skin rash with pus - filled blisters ( rash pustular ); urinary tract infection ; nail disorder ; breaking of the nails ( onychoclasis ); dehydration ; dry mouth ; indigestion ( dyspepsia ); rectal bleeding ( rectal haemorrhage ); lip inflammation ( cheilitis ); heartburn ( gastroesophageal reflux ); chest pain ; pain ; chills ; pain in the extremity ; immune reaction ( hypersensitivity ); rapid heart rate ( tachycardia ); blood clot in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) the symptoms of which may be sudden onset of shortness of breath or chest pain ; nose bleed ( epistaxis ); blood clot in a deep vein ( deep vein thrombosis ); high blood pressure ( hypertension ); flushing ; headache ; dizziness ; anxiety . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people blue colouration of the skin and mucous membranes ( cyanosis ); ulcerative keratitis ( a serious condition of ulceration of the front part of the eye ( cornea ) requiring urgent treatment ); keratitis ( inflammation of the front part of the eye ( cornea )); skin cell death ( skin necrosis ); severe skin reaction with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ); severe skin reaction with blistering of the skin ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ); 32 eyelid irritation ; chapped lips and / or dry lips ; eye infection ; eyelid infection ; nasal dryness ; loosening of the nails ( onycholysis ); ingrowing nail ; excessive hair growth ( hirsutism ); inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may need immediate medical treatment if you experience any of the following side effects : allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of anaphylactic reactions thromboembolism ( increased risk of blood clots )* inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) liver failure tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as pain and / or inflammation abnormal levels of liver enzymes ( in blood tests )* nausea ( feeling sick ) weakness , tiredness * joint and musculoskeletal pain hot flushes skin rash allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat all other side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache vomiting , diarrhoea , or loss of appetite * urinary tract infections back pain * increase of bilirubin ( bile pigment produced by the liver ) thromboembolism ( increased risk of blood clots )* decreased levels of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) vaginal bleeding lower back pain irradiating to leg on one side ( sciatica ) sudden weakness , numbness , tingling , or loss of movement in your leg , especially on only one side of your body , sudden problems with walking or balance ( peripheral neuropathy ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) thick , whitish vaginal discharge and candidiasis ( infection ) bruising and bleeding at the site of injection increase of gamma - gt , a liver enzyme seen in a blood test inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) liver failure numbness , tingling and pain anaphylactic reactions * includes side effects for which the exact role of fulvestrant mylan cannot be assessed due to the underlying disease . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects in women lower abdominal pain together with nausea or vomiting may be the symptoms of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ). this may indicate that the ovaries over - reacted to the treatment and that large ovarian cysts developed ( see also in section 2 . under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). the ohss may become severe with clearly enlarged ovaries , decreased urine production , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). complications of ohss such as twisting of ovaries or blood clotting may occur rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). this could cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 . under " blood clotting problems "). serious side effects in men and women allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , hives , swelling of your face with difficulty breathing can sometimes be serious . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). if you notice any of the above - listed side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor who might ask you to stop using gonal - f . other side effects in women very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sacs of fluid within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) headache local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , redness , bruising , swelling and / or irritation common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal cramps and bloating very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , hives , swelling of your face with difficulty breathing may occur . these reactions can sometimes be serious . your asthma may get worse . other side effects in men very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , redness , bruising , swelling and / or irritation common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): swelling of the veins above and behind the testicles ( varicocele ) breast development , acne or weight gain 127 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , hives , swelling of your face with difficulty in breathing may occur . these reactions can sometimes be serious . your asthma may get worse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of following serious side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): ∑ kadcyla may cause inflammation or damage to cells in the liver , resulting in elevated liver enzymes in blood tests . however , in most cases during kadcyla treatment , liver enzyme levels are elevated mildly and temporarily , do not cause any symptoms , and do not affect liver function . ∑ unexpected bruising and bleeding ( such as nose bleeds ). ∑ tingling , pain , numbness , itching , crawling sensation , pins and needles in your hands and feet . these symptoms may indicate nerve damage . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): ∑ flushing , shivering fits , fever , trouble breathing , low blood pressure or a rapid heartbeat during the infusion or up to 24 hours after the infusion these are so - called infusion - related reactions . ∑ heart problems can occur . most patients will not have symptoms from the heart problems . if symptoms do occur , cough shortness of breath at rest or when sleeping flat , chest pain and swollen ankles or arms , a sensation of rapid or irregular heartbeats may be observed . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ∑ inflammation of your lungs can cause breathing problems such as shortness of breath ( either at rest or while performing any type of activity ), coughing or coughing spells with a dry cough these are signs of inflammation of your lung tissue . ∑ your skin and whites of your eyes get yellow ( jaundice ) these could be signs of severe liver damage . ∑ allergic reactions can occur and most patients will have mild symptoms such as itching or tightness in the chest . in more severe cases , swelling of your face or tongue , trouble swallowing or difficulty breathing may occur . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects above . other side effects include very common : ∑ decreased red blood cells ( shown in a blood test ) ∑ being sick ( vomiting ) ∑ diarrhoea ∑ dry mouth 44 ∑ urinary tract infection ∑ constipation ∑ stomach ache ∑ cough ∑ shortness of breath ∑ inflammation of the mouth ∑ difficulty sleeping ∑ muscle or joint pain ∑ fever ∑ headache ∑ feeling tired ∑ weakness common : ∑ chills or flu like symptoms ∑ decrease in your potassium levels ( shown in a blood test ) ∑ skin rashes ∑ decreased white blood cells ( shown in a blood test ) ∑ dry eyes , watery eyes or blurred vision ∑ eye redness or infection ∑ indigestion ∑ swelling of legs and / or arms ∑ bleeding from the gums ∑ increase in blood pressure ∑ feeling dizzy ∑ taste disturbances ∑ itching ∑ difficulty in remembering ∑ hair loss ∑ hand - and - foot skin reaction ( palmar - plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome ) ∑ nail disorder uncommon : ∑ another abnormality that can be caused by kadcyla is a condition known as nodular regenerative hyperplasia of the liver . this abnormality causes the structure of the liver to change . patients develop multiple nodules in the liver that can change how the liver functions . over time , this may lead to symptoms such as a bloated sensation or swelling of the abdomen due to fluid accumulation or bleeding from abnormal blood vessels in the gullet or rectum . ∑ if the kadcyla infusion solution leaks into the area around the infusion site you may develop tenderness or redness of your skin , or swelling at the infusion site . if you get any of the side effects after your treatment with kadcyla has stopped , talk to your doctor or nurse and tell them that you have been treated with kadcyla . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you feel faint or if you have difficulty in breathing while being treated with ionsys , tell a doctor or nurse immediately . the following side effects may occur whilst using ionsys : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) reddening of skin at the patch site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache itching skin low blood pressure difficulty sleeping constipation , stomach pain blue skin colour ( lips and finger tips ) swelling , itching , irritation or blistering of skin at the patch site inability to pass water ( urinate ) 33 fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flushing anaemia ( low blood count ) decreased appetite anxiety abnormal dreams or hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) feeling confused or agitated severe headache ( migraine ) nervousness pins and needles sensation sleepiness blurred vision looking pale , feeling low in energy or tired fast or irregular heartbeat shortness of breath or interruptions in breathing cough , hiccups rash excessive sweating fainting dry mouth passing water ( urinating ) less frequently than normal indigestion passing wind , difficulty passing stools chills back pain , pain in arms or legs pain , bumps , or dry skin at the patch site high blood pressure fall in blood pressure when standing up decreased bowel activity slow breathing rate body pain rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) sneezing , itchiness and blocked or runny nose low calcium / glucose / potassium in blood serum depression , abnormal thoughts abnormal sense of taste reduced sense of touch or sensation vertigo slow heart beat lung disease swelling of the abdomen , diarrhoea , burping / belching tightness / tension in muscles , muscle pain pain when urinating chest pain , feeling of general discomfort or uneasiness tingling , prickling , swelling or pain at site of ionsys application complications in wound healing fluid retention / swelling in the body reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 34 appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rapid swelling of arms , legs and other body parts , rapid drop in blood pressure , light - headedness and breathing difficulties ( capillary leak syndrome ) pain in the stomach , throat , chest , face , hands , feet , legs , arms , back , neck , joint , or muscles allergic reactions and cytokine release syndrome with symptoms such as face or throat swelling , breathing difficulties , dizziness , hives , rapid or noticeable heartbeat , low blood pressure , hives , rash , fever , or nausea other side effects and their frequencies include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fever , chills vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation inflammation of the mouth and lips ( stomatitis ) cough itching , rash low blood pressure , increased heartbeat oxygen deficiency 28 tissue swelling ( in the face , lip , around the eye , in the lower limbs ) increased weight infection , in particular infection associated with the catheter that delivers the medicine headache dilated pupils or abnormal pupil reactions abnormal blood or urine tests ( blood cells and other components , liver function , renal function ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): life - threatening infection ( sepsis ) fits agitation , anxiety nerve disorder in the arms and / or legs ( with abnormal sensations or weakness ), light - headedness , trembling , muscle spasms paralysis of eye muscles , blurred vision , light sensitivity , swelling in the retina high blood pressure cardiac failure , fluid around the heart respiratory failure , fluid in the lungs sudden constriction of the airways ( bronchospasm , laryngospasm ), rapid breathing decreased appetite , nausea , abdominal distension , accumulation of fluid in the abdominal cavity injection - site reactions , skin problems such as reddening , dry skin , eczema , excessive sweating , reaction to light unable to pass urine or passing reduced urine volume decreased weight , loss of fluids ( dehydration ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): shock due to decreased body fluid volume formation of blood clots in the small blood vessels ( disseminated intravascular coagulation ) a type of allergy ( serum sickness ) with fever , rash , joint inflammation a brain disorder characterised by headache , confusion , seizures and loss of vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ) inflammation of the intestine , injury to the liver kidney failure a condition in which some of the small veins in the liver are obstructed ( veno - occlusive disease ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives since the consequences could become serious . ema - combined - h1209en version : 2 . 0 27 the most common side effect is a decrease in the amount of semen released during sex . this effect disappears after discontinuation of silodyx . please inform your doctor if you are planning to have children . dizziness , including dizziness when standing up , and occasionally fainting , may occur . if you do feel weak or dizzy , make sure you sit or lie down straight away until the symptoms have disappeared . if dizziness when standing up or fainting occurs , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . silodyx may cause complications during a cataract surgery ( eye surgery because of cloudiness of the lens , see section " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you immediately inform your eye specialist if you are using or have previously used silodyx . the possible side effects are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) abnormal ejaculation ( less or no noticeable semen is released during sex , see section " warnings and precautions ") common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , including dizziness when standing up ( see also above , in this section ) runny or blocked nose diarrhoea uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea dry mouth difficulties in getting or keeping an erection faster heart rate symptoms of allergic reaction affecting the skin like rash , itching , hives and rash caused by a medicine abnormal results of liver function tests low blood pressure rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fast or irregular heart beats ( called palpitations ) fainting / loss of consciousness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other allergic reactions with swelling of the face or throat not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . ema - combined - h1209en version : 2 . 0 28
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most serious side effects some patients have had tingling or numbness in the hands and feet ( seen commonly ). they could be signs of peripheral neuropathy , due to side effects of miglustat dipharma or they could be due to existing conditions . your doctor will perform some tests before and during treatment with miglustat dipharma to assess this ( see section 2 ). if you do get any of these effects reported above , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get a slight tremor , usually trembling hands , seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . the tremor often disappears without needing to stop the treatment . sometimes your doctor will need to reduce the dose or stop miglustat dipharma treatment to stop the tremor . very common side effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people the most common side effects are diarrhoea , flatulence ( wind ), abdominal ( stomach ) pain , weight loss and decreased appetite . if you do lose some weight when you start treatment with miglustat dipharma don ' t worry . people usually stop losing weight as treatment goes on . common side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people common side effects of treatment include headache , dizziness , paraesthesia ( tingling or numbness ), abnormal coordination , hypoaesthesia ( reduced sensation to touch ), dyspepsia ( heartburn ), nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation and vomiting , swelling or discomfort in the abdomen ( stomach ) and 23 thrombocytopenia ( reduced levels of blood platelets ). the neurological symptoms and thrombocytopenia could be due to the underlying disease . other possible side effects are muscular spasms or weakness , fatigue , chills and malaise , depression , difficulty sleeping , forgetfulness and reduced libido . most patients get one or more of these side effects mentioned above , usually at the start of treatment or at intervals during treatment . most cases are mild and disappear quite quickly . if any of these side effects cause problems , consult your doctor . he or she may reduce the dose of miglustat dipharma or recommend other medicines to help control side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
no side effects to pylobactell have been reported . 13c and urea are harmless naturally occurring substances which are found in your body . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 20 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : glubrava may cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking glubrava and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking glubrava . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking glubrava in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking glubrava and have also been reported in male patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) taking glubrava . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye ( macular oedema ) has also been reported in patients taking glubrava ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) in patients taking glubrava . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor immediately . the following side effects have been experienced by some patients taking glubrava very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - loss of appetite common - weight gain - headache - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - joint pain - impotence - blood in urine - reduction in blood count ( anaemia ) - numbness - taste disturbance 31 uncommon - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - gas - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) very rare - decrease in amount of vitamin b12 in the blood - redness of the skin - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) not known - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however some patients may experience serious side effects and may require treatment . side effects may also occur after your treatment with zessly has stopped . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , skin rash , hives , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . some of these reactions may be serious or life - threatening . an allergic reaction could happen within 2 hours of your injection or later . more signs of allergic side effects that may happen up to 12 days after your injection include pain in the muscles , fever , joint or jaw pain , sore throat or headache . signs of a heart problem such as chest discomfort or pain , arm pain , stomach pain , shortness of breath , anxiety , light - headedness , dizziness , fainting , sweating , nausea ( feeling seek ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , and swelling of your feet . signs of infection ( including tb ) such as fever , feeling tired , cough which may be persistent , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , weight loss , night sweats , diarrhoea , wounds , collection of pus in the gut or around the anus ( abscess ), dental problems or burning sensation when urinating . possible signs of cancer including but not limited to swelling of lymph nodes , weight loss , fever , unusual skin nodules , changes in moles or skin colouring , or unusual vaginal bleeding . signs of a lung problem such as coughing , breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest . signs of a nervous system problem ( including eye problems ) such as fits , tingling or numbness in any part of your body , weakness in arms or legs , changes in eyesight such as double vision or other eye problems . signs of a liver problem ( including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) such as yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark - brown coloured urine pain or swelling in the upper right side of the stomach area , joint pain , skin rashes , or fever . signs of an immune system disorder such as joint pain or a rash on cheeks or arms that is sensitive to the sun ( lupus ) or cough , shortness of breath , fever or skin rash ( sarcoidosis ).. signs of low blood counts such as persistent fever , bleeding or bruising more easily , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , or looking pale . signs of serious skin problems such as reddish - target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , large areas of peeling and shedding ( exfoliating ) skin , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes or small pus - filled bumps that can spread over the body . these skin reactions can be accompanied by fever . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the above . the following side effects have been observed with medicines containing infliximab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , feeling sick viral infections such as herpes or flu upper respiratory infections such as sinusitis headache side effect due to an infusion pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) changes in how your liver works , increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) lung or chest infections such as bronchitis or pneumonia difficult or painful breathing , chest pain bleeding in the stomach or intestines , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn , constipation nettle - type rash ( hives ), itchy rash or dry skin 58 balance problems or feeling dizzy fever , increased sweating circulation problems such as low or high blood pressure , bruising , hot flush or nosebleed , warm , red skin ( flushing ) feeling tired or weak bacterial infections such as blood poisoning , abscess or infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) infection of the skin due to a fungus blood problems such as anaemia or low white blood cell count swollen lymph nodes depression , problems sleeping eye problems , including red eyes and infections fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) or palpitations pain in the joints , muscles or back urinary tract infection psoriasis , skin problems such as eczema and hair loss reactions at the injection site such as pain , swelling , redness or itching chills , a build up of fluid under the skin causing swelling feeling numb or having a tingling feeling uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortage of blood supply , swelling of a vein collection of blood outside the blood vessels ( haematoma ) or bruising skin problems such as blistering , warts , abnormal skin colouration or pigmentation , or swollen lips , or thickening of the skin , or red , scaly , and flaky skin severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), an immune system disorder called lupus , allergic reactions to foreign proteins wounds taking longer to heal swelling of the liver ( hepatitis ) or gall bladder , liver damage feeling forgetful , irritable , confused , nervous eye problems including blurred or reduced vision , puffy eyes or sties new or worsening heart failure , slow heart rate fainting convulsions , nerve problems a hole in the bowel or blockage of the intestine , stomach pain or cramps swelling of your pancreas ( pancreatitis ) fungal infections such as yeast infection or fungal infection of the nails lung problems ( such as oedema ) fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) narrowed airway in the lungs , causing difficulty breathing inflamed lining of the lung , causing sharp chest pains that feel worse with breathing ( pleurisy ) tuberculosis kidney infections low platelet count , too many white blood cells infections of the vagina blood test result showing ' antibodies ' against your own body . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a type of blood cancer ( lymphoma ) your blood not supplying enough oxygen to your body , circulation problems such as narrowing of a blood vessel inflammation of the lining of the brain ( meningitis ) infections due to a weakened immune system hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past inflamed liver caused by a problem with the immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) liver problem that causes yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) abnormal tissue swelling or growth 59 severe allergic reaction that may cause loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening ( anaphylactic shock ) swelling of small blood vessels ( vasculitis ) immune disorders that could affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( such as sarcoidosis ). collections of immune cells resulting from an inflammatory response ( granulomatous lesions ) lack of interest or emotion serious skin problems such as toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome and acute generalised exanthematous pustulosis other skin problems such as erythema multiforme , lichenoid reactions ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash and / or threadlike white - grey lines on mucous membranes ), blisters and peeling skin , or boils ( furunculosis ) serious nervous system disorders such as transverse myelitis , multiple sclerosis - like disease , optic neuritis and guillain - barré syndrome inflammation in the eye that may cause changes in the vision , including blindness fluid in the lining of the heart ( pericardial effusion ) serious lung problems ( such as interstitial lung disease ) melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ) cervical cancer low blood counts , including a severely decreased number of white blood cells small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin abnormal values of a blood protein called ' complement factor ' which is part of the immune system . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) cancer in children and adults a rare blood cancer affecting mostly teenage boys or young men ( hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ) liver failure merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ) worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ) heart attack temporary loss of sight during or within 2 hours of infusion infection due to a live vaccine because of a weakened immune system . additional side effects in children and adolescents children who took infliximab for crohn ' s disease showed some differences in side effects compared with adults who took infliximab for crohn ' s disease . the side effects that happened more in children were : low red blood cells ( anaemia ), blood in stool , low overall levels of white blood cells ( leukopenia ), redness or blushing ( flushing ), viral infections , low levels of white blood cells that fight infection ( neutropenia ), bone fracture , bacterial infection and allergic reactions of the breathing tract . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , sabervel can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking sabervel and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : at least 1 in 10 patients or more common : at least 1 in 100 and less than 1 in 10 patients uncommon : at least 1 in 1000 and less than 1 in 100 patientsside effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with irbesartan were : very common : if you suffer from high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , blood tests may show an increased level of potassium . common : dizziness , feeling sick / vomiting , fatigue and blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine kinase enzyme ). in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , dizziness when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in joints or muscles and decreased levels of a protein in the red blood cells ( haemoglobin ) were also reported . uncommon : heart rate increased , flushing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion / heartburn , sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ), chest pain . some side effects have been reported since marketing of irbesartan side effects where the frequency is not known are : feeling of spinning , headache , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , muscle cramps , pain in joints and muscles , abnormal liver function , increased blood potassium levels , impaired kidney function , and inflammation of small blood vessels mainly affecting the skin ( a condition known as leukocytoclastic vasculitis ). uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; seizures , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ); muscle stiffness or spasms ( including eye movements ); restless legs syndrome ; problems with speech ; stuttering , slow heart rate ; sensitivity to sunlight ; bleeding from the nose ; abdominal distension ; drooling ; memory loss or forgetfulness ; urinary incontinence ; lack of ability to urinate ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ;; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains and prolonged and / or painful erection . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 ) include serious allergic reactions such as drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). while taking olanzapine , elderly patients with dementia may suffer from stroke , pneumonia , urinary incontinence , falls , extreme tiredness , visual hallucinations , a rise in body temperature , redness of the skin and have trouble walking . some fatal cases have been reported in this particular group of patients . in patients with parkinson ' s disease olazax disperzi may worsen the symptoms reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 88 listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , passing urine less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal ( belly ) swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop quickly . they could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called capillary leak syndrome which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent treatment . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people bone pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . nausea and headaches . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people pain at the site of injection . general aches and pains in the joints and muscles . some changes may occur in your blood , but these will be detected by routine blood tests . your white blood cell count may become high for a short period . your platelet count may become low which might result in bruising . chest pain not related to heart disorders . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people allergic - type reactions , including redness and flushing , skin rash , and raised areas of the skin that itch . serious allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ). increased spleen size ( the spleen is an organ located in the belly to the left of the stomach involved in the production and removal of blood cells and forming part of the immune system ). tell your doctor if you have an increase of volume in the upper left side of your abdomen . spleen rupture , which can be fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you get pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing tell your doctor . sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful damage on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever ). cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). damage to your kidneys ( called glomerulonephritis ). redness at the site of injection . coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ). rare : may affect up to 1 in 1000 people inflammation of aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ). see section 2 . bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ). stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes possibly with fever and flu - like symptoms beforehand . stop using nyvepria if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or get medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects - you may need urgent medical treatment : feeling numb or weak on one side of your body , severe headache , seizure , confusion , difficulty talking , vision changes or feeling dizzy - these may be signs of a stroke , bleeding in your brain , or the effect on your brain of a severe increase in blood pressure . chest pain or pressure , pain in your arms , back , neck or jaw , being short of breath , rapid or irregular heart rate , coughing , bluish colour to lips or fingers , feeling very tired these may be signs of a heart problem a blood clot in your lung or a leak of air from your lung into your chest so your lung cannot inflate . severe pain in your belly ( abdomen ) - this may be due to a hole in the wall of your gut or a fistula ( a hole in your gut which links through a tube - like passage to another part of your body or skin ). black , tarry , or bloody stools , or coughing up of blood - these may be signs of bleeding inside your body . diarrhoea , feeling and being sick - these are very common side effects that can become serious if they cause you to become dehydrated , which can lead to kidney failure . your doctor can give you medicine to reduce these side effects . pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or sores inside the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth - these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) high or low blood pressure loss of appetite or weight loss feeling and being sick , constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion feeling very tired or weak hoarse voice swelling of the legs rash dry , sore , or inflamed mouth , odd taste sensation joint or muscle pain feeling dizzy hair loss bleeding ( most commonly nose bleeds , but also other types of bleeding such as blood in the urine , bruising , bleeding from the gums or gut wall ) trouble sleeping high levels of protein in the urine and urinary infections ( increased frequency in urination and pain in passing urine ) headache and back pain redness , soreness and swelling of the skin on the hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) changes in blood test results for potassium levels ( low ), calcium levels ( low ), cholesterol ( high ) and thyroid stimulating hormone ( high ) underactive thyroid ( tiredness , weight gain , constipation , feeling cold , dry skin ) low levels of platelets in the blood which may lead to bruising and difficulty in wound healing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of body fluids ( dehydration ) heart palpitations dry skin , thickening and itching of the skin feeling bloated or having gas in the bowel heart problems or blood clots in the lungs ( difficulty breathing , chest pain ) or other organs feeling unwell stroke inflammation of the gallbladder anal fistula ( a small channel that forms between the anus and the surrounding skin ) changes in blood test results for liver enzymes , white blood cells ( low ), blood magnesium ( low ) changes in blood test results for kidney function and kidney failure increase in lipase and amylase ( enzymes involved in digestion ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) painful infection or irritation near the anus mini - stroke liver damage severe pain in the upper left part of the belly ( abdomen ) which may be associated with fever , chills , nausea and vomiting 40 inflammation of the pancreas wound healing problems bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ) not known ( the following side effects have been reported since the marketing of lenvatinib but the frequency for them to occur is not known ) other types of fistulae ( an abnormal connection between different organs in the body or from the skin to an underlying structure such as throat and windpipe ). symptoms would depend on where the fistula is located . talk to your doctor if you experience any new or unsual symptoms such as coughing when swallowing . an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . when you ' re being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of triumeq or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . abacavir can cause a hypersensitivity reaction ( a serious allergic reaction ), especially in people who carry a particular type of gene called hla - b * 5701 . even patients who don ' t have the hla - b * 5701 gene may still develop a hypersensitivity reaction , described in this leaflet in the panel headed ' hypersensitivity reactions '. it is very important that you read and understand the information about this serious reaction . as well as the side effects listed below for triumeq , other conditions can develop during combination therapy for hiv . it is important to read the information in this section under the heading ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. hypersensitivity reactions triumeq contains abacavir and dolutegravir . both of these active ingredients can cause a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . these hypersensitivity reactions have been seen more frequently in people taking medicines that contain abacavir . who gets these reactions ? anyone taking triumeq could develop a hypersensitivity reaction , which could be life threatening if they continue to take triumeq . you are more likely to develop this reaction if you have a gene called hla - b * 5701 ( but you can get a reaction even if you don ' t have this gene ). you should have been tested for this gene before triumeq was prescribed for you . if you know you have this gene , tell your doctor . what are the symptoms ? the most common symptoms are : fever ( high temperature ) and skin rash . other common symptoms are : nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ), diarrhoea , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , severe tiredness . other symptoms include : 57 pains in the joints or muscles , swelling of the neck , shortness of breath , sore throat , cough , occasional headaches , inflammation of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), mouth ulcers , low blood pressure , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . when do these reactions happen ? hypersensitivity reactions can start at any time during treatment with triumeq , but are more likely during the first 6 weeks of treatment . contact your doctor immediately : 1 if you get a skin rash , or 2 if you get symptoms from at least 2 of the following groups : - fever - shortness of breath , sore throat or cough - nausea or vomiting , diarrhoea or abdominal pain - severe tiredness or aches and pains , or generally feeling ill . your doctor may advise you to stop taking triumeq . if you have stopped taking triumeq if you have stopped taking triumeq because of a hypersensitivity reaction , you must never again take triumeq , or any other medicine containing abacavir . if you do , within hours , your blood pressure could fall dangerously low , which could result in death . you should also never again take medicines containing dolutegravir . if you have stopped taking triumeq for any reason — especially because you think you are having side effects , or because you have other illness : talk to your doctor before you start again . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if the doctor thinks they may have been , you will then be told never again to take triumeq , or any other medicine containing abacavir . you may also be told never again to take any other medicine containing dolutegravir . it is important that you follow this advice . occasionally , hypersensitivity reactions have developed in people who start taking abacavir containing products again , but who had only one symptom on the alert card before they stopped taking it . very rarely , patients who have taken medicines containing abacavir in the past without any symptoms of hypersensitivity have developed a hypersensitivity reaction when they start taking these medicines again . if your doctor advises that you can start taking triumeq again , you may be asked to take your first doses in a place where you will have ready access to medical care if you need it . if you are hypersensitive to triumeq , return all your unused triumeq tablets for safe disposal . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . the triumeq pack includes an alert card , to remind you and medical staff about hypersensitivity reactions . detach this card and keep it with you at all times . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : hypersensitivity reaction ( see ' hypersensitivity reactions ' earlier in this section ) loss of appetite rash itching ( pruritus ) being sick ( vomiting ) stomach ( abdominal ) pain stomach ( abdominal ) discomfort indigestion wind ( flatulence ) dizziness abnormal dreams nightmares depression ( feelings of deep sadness and unworthiness ) anxiety tiredness feeling drowsy fever ( high temperature ) cough irritated or runny nose hair loss muscle pain and discomfort joint pain feeling weak general feeling of being unwell common side effects that may show up in blood tests are : an increase in the level of liver enzymes uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) suicidal thoughts and behaviours ( particularly in patients who have had depression or mental health problems before ) uncommon side effects that may show up in blood tests are : a decreased number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ). a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) or low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) an increase in sugar ( glucose ) in the blood an increase in triglycerides ( type of fat ) in the blood 59 rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) breakdown of muscle tissue liver failure ( signs may include yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes or unusually dark urine ). rare side effects that may show up in blood tests are : increase in an enzyme called amylase very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : numbness , tingly feelings in the skin ( pins and needles ) sensation of weakness in the limbs skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ). very rare side effects that may show up in blood tests are : a failure of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia ). if you get any side effects → talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv combination therapy such as triumeq may cause other conditions to develop during hiv treatment . symptoms of infection and inflammation people with advanced hiv infection or aids have weak immune systems , and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). such infections may have been " silent " and not detected by the weak immune system before treatment was started . after starting treatment , the immune system becomes stronger , and may attack the infections , which can cause symptoms of infection or inflammation . symptoms usually include fever , plus some of the following : headache stomach ache difficulty breathing in rare cases , as the immune system becomes stronger , it can also attack healthy body tissue ( autoimmune disorders ). the symptoms of autoimmune disorders may develop many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . symptoms may include : palpitations ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ) or tremor hyperactivity ( excessive restlessness and movement ) weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body . if you get any symptoms of infection and inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . joint pain , stiffness and bone problems some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . in this condition , parts of the bone tissue die because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids if they drink alcohol if their immune systems are very weak if they are overweight . signs of osteonecrosis include : stiffness in the joints aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) difficulty moving . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions ( swelling around the eyes , face , lips , tongue or throat , itching and / or rash ) if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) anaemia ( low number of red blood cells ) or reduced haemoglobin headache bronchitis ( inflammation of the airways ) nasopharyngitis ( inflammation of the throat and nasal passages ) oedema ( swelling ), especially of the ankles and feet common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pharyngitis ( inflammation of the throat ) influenza ( flu ) urinary tract infection ( bladder infection ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) nasal congestion ( blocked nose ) elevated liver tests leukopenia ( decreased white blood cell counts ) thrombocytopenia ( decreased blood platelet counts ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . talk to a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you have a sign of infection such as a fever or sore throat you have any unexpected bruising or bleeding you have a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , angioeodema ). usual problems some of the more usual problems are diarrhoea , fewer white cells or red cells in your blood , infection and vomiting . your doctor will do regular blood tests to check for any changes in the number of your blood cells the amount in your blood of things like sugar , fat or cholesterol . children may be more likely than adults to have some side effects . this includes diarrhoea , infections , fewer white cells and fewer red cells in the blood . fighting infections myclausen reduces your body ' s defences . this is to stop you rejecting your transplant . as a result , your body will not be as good as normal at fighting infections . this means you may catch more infections than usual . this includes infections of the brain , skin , mouth , stomach and gut , lungs and urinary system . lymph and skin cancer as can happen in patients taking this type of medicine ( immune - suppressants ), a very small number of myclausen patients have developed cancer of the lymphoid tissues and skin . general unwanted effects you may get general side effects affecting your body as a whole . this include serious allergic reactions ( such as anaphylaxis , angioeodema ), fever , feeling very tired , difficulty in sleeping , pains ( such as stomach , chest , joint or muscle , pain on passing urine ), headache , flu symptoms and swelling . other unwanted effects may include : skin problems such as : acne , cold sores , shingles , skin growth , hair loss , rash , itching . urinary problems such as : kidney problems or the urgent need to pass water ( urine ). digestive system and mouth problems such as : swelling of the gums and mouth ulcers inflammation of the pancreas , colon or stomach gut problems including bleeding , liver problems constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence . nervous system problems such as : feeling dizzy , drowsy or numb 53 tremor , muscle spasms , convulsions feeling anxious or depressed , changes in your mood or thoughts . heart and blood vessel problems such as : change in blood pressure , unusual heartbeat , widening of blood vessels . lung problems such as : pneumonia , bronchitis shortness of breath , cough , which can be due to bronchiectasis ( a condition in which the lung airways are abnormally dilated ) or pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ). talk to your doctor if you develop a persistent cough or breathlessness fluid on the lungs or inside the chest sinus problems . other problems such as : weight loss , gout , high blood sugar , bleeding , bruising . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible serious side effects swelling of the brain ( reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome ) votrient can , on rare occasions , cause swelling of the brain , which may be life threatening . symptoms include : - loss of speech - change of vision - seizure ( fits ) - confusion - high blood pressure stop taking votrient and seek medical help immediately if you get any of these symptoms , or if you get headache accompanied with any of these symptoms . hypertensive crisis ( sudden and severe rise in blood pressure ) votrient can on occasion cause a sudden and severe rise in blood pressure . this is known as a hypertensive crisis . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure while you are taking votrient . signs and symptoms of a hypertensive crisis may include : - severe chest pain - severe headache - blurred vision - confusion - nausea - vomiting - severe anxiety - shortness of breath - seizures ( fits ) - fainting stop taking votrient and seek medical help immediately if you develop hypertensive crisis . heart conditions the risks of these problems may be higher for people with an existing heart problem , or who are taking other medicines . you will be checked for any heart problems while you are taking votrient . cardiac dysfunction / heart failure , heart attack votrient can affect how well your heart pumps or can increase the likelihood of having a heart attack . signs and symptoms include : - irregular or fast heartbeat - rapid fluttering of your heart - fainting - chest pain or pressure - pain in your arms , back , neck or jaw - shortness of breath - leg swelling seek medical help immediately if you get any of these symptoms . changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) votrient can affect heart rhythm which in some people can develop into a potentially serious heart condition known as torsade de pointes . this can result in a very fast heartbeat causing a sudden loss of consciousness . tell your doctor if you notice any unusual changes in your heart beat , such as beating too fast or too slow . stroke votrient can increase your likelihood of having a stroke . signs and symptoms of stroke may include : - numbness or weakness on one side of your body - difficulty talking - headache - dizziness seek medical help immediately if you get any of these symptoms . bleeding votrient can cause severe bleeding in the digestive system ( such as stomach , oesophagus , rectum or intestine ), or the lungs , kidneys , mouth , vagina and brain , although this is uncommon . symptoms include : - passing blood in the stools or passing black stools - passing blood in the urine - stomach pain - coughing or vomiting up blood seek medical help immediately if you get any of these symptoms . perforation and fistula votrient can cause a tear ( perforation ) in your stomach or intestinal wall or the development of an abnormal connection between two parts of your digestive tract ( a fistula ). signs and symptoms may include : - severe stomach pain - nausea and / or vomiting - fever - development of a hole ( perforation ) in the stomach , intestine or bowel from which bloody or foul smelling pus is released seek medical help immediately if you get any of these symptoms . liver problems votrient can cause problems with your liver which may develop into serious conditions such as liver dysfunction and liver failure , which may be fatal . your doctor will be checking your liver enzymes while you are taking votrient . signs that your liver may not be working properly may include : - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - dark urine - tiredness - nausea - vomiting - loss of appetite - pain on the right side of your stomach area ( abdomen ) - bruising easily seek medical help immediately if you get any of these symptoms . blood clots deep vein thrombosis ( dvt ) and pulmonary embolism votrient may cause blood clots in your veins , especially in your legs ( deep vein thrombosis or dvt ), which may also travel to your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). signs and symptoms may include : - sharp chest pain - shortness of breath - rapid breathing - leg pain - swelling of your arms and hands or legs and feet 52 thrombotic microangiopathy ( tma ) votrient may cause blood clots in the small blood vessels in the kidneys and brain accompanied by a decrease in red blood cells and cells involved in clotting ( thrombotic microangiopathy , tma ). signs and symptoms may include : - bruising easily - high blood pressure - fever - confusion - drowsiness - seizures ( fits ) - decrease in urine output seek medical help immediately if you get any of these symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome votrient can cause a fast breakdown of cancer cells resulting in tumour lysis syndrome , which in some people may be fatal . symptoms may include irregular heartbeat , seizures ( fits ), confusion , muscle cramps or spasms , or decrease in urine output . seek medical help immediately if you get any of these symptoms . infections infections occurring while you take votrient may possibly become serious . symptoms of infections may include : - fever - flu - like symptoms such as cough , tiredness and body aches that do not go away - shortness of breath and / or wheezing - pain while urinating - cuts , scrapes or wounds that are red , warm , swollen or painful seek medical help immediately if you get any of these symptoms . lung inflammation votrient can , on rare occasions , cause lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease , pneumonitis ), which in some people can be fatal . symptoms include shortness of breath or cough that will not go away . you will be checked for any lung problems while you are taking votrient . seek medical help immediately if you get any of these symptoms . thyroid problems votrient can lower the amount of thyroid hormone produced in your body . this can result in weight increase and tiredness . you will be checked for thyroid hormone levels while you are taking votrient . tell your doctor if you notice significant weight gain or tiredness . blurry or impaired vision votrient can cause separation or tear of the lining of the back part of the eye ( retinal detachment or tear ). this can result in blurry or impaired vision . tell your doctor if you notice any change in your vision . possible side effects ( including possible serious side effects under the relevant frequency category ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - stomach pain - loss of appetite - weight loss - taste disturbance or loss of taste - sore mouth - headache - tumour pain - lack of energy , feeling weak or tired - changes in hair colour - unusual hair loss or thinning - loss of skin pigment - skin rash , possibly involving peeling of the skin - redness and swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these side effects becomes troublesome . very common side effects that may show up in your blood or urine tests : - increase in liver enzymes - decrease in albumin in the blood - protein in the urine - decrease in the number of blood platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - indigestion , bloating , flatulence - nose bleed - dry mouth or mouth ulcers - infections - abnormal drowsiness - difficulty sleeping - chest pain , shortness of breath , leg pain , and swelling of the legs / feet . these could be signs of a blood clot in your body ( thromboembolism ). if the clot breaks off , it may travel to your lungs and this may be life threatening or even fatal . - heart becomes less effective at pumping blood around the body ( cardiac dysfunction ) - slow heart beat - bleeding in the mouth , rectum or lung - dizziness - blurred vision - hot flushes - swelling caused by fluid of face , hands , ankles , feet or eyelids - tingling , weakness or numbness of the hands , arms , legs or feet - skin disorders , redness , itching , dry skin - nail disorders - burning , prickling , itching or tingling skin sensation - sensation of coldness , with shivering - excessive sweating - dehydration - muscle , joint , tendon or chest pain , muscle spasms - hoarseness - shortness of breath - cough 54 - coughing up blood - hiccups - collapsed lung with air trapped in the space between the lung and chest , often causing shortness of breath ( pneumothorax ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of these effects become troublesome . common side effects that may show up in your blood or urine tests : - underactive thyroid gland - abnormal liver function - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - increase in lipase ( an enzyme involved in digestion - increase in creatinine ( a substance produced in muscles ) - changes in the levels of other different chemicals / enzymes in the blood . your doctor will inform you of the results of the blood tests uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - stroke - temporary fall in blood supply to the brain ( transient ischaemic attack ) - interruption of blood supply to part of the heart or heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) - partial interruption of blood supply to part of the heart ( myocardial ischaemia ) - blood clots accompanied by a decrease in red blood cells and cells involved in clotting ( thrombotic microangiopathy , tma ). these may harm organs such as the brain and kidneys . - increase in the number of red blood cells - sudden shortness of breath , especially when accompanied with sharp pain in the chest and / or rapid breathing ( pulmonary embolism ) - severe bleeding in the digestive system ( such as stomach , oesophagus or intestine ), or the kidneys , vagina and brain - heart rhythm disturbance ( qt prolongation ) - hole ( perforation ) in stomach or intestine - abnormal passages forming between parts of the intestine ( fistula ) - heavy or irregular menstrual periods - sudden sharp increase in blood pressure ( hypertensive crisis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - liver inflamed , not working well or damaged - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the lining of the abdominal cavity ( peritonitis ) - runny nose - rashes which may be itchy or inflamed ( flat or raised spots or blisters ) - frequent bowel movements - increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the skin rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - inflammation of the lung ( pneumonitis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ) - tumour lysis syndrome resulting from a fast breakdown of cancer cells reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . be aware of important symptoms of inflammation . nivolumab bms acts on your immune system and may cause inflammation in parts of your body . inflammation may cause serious damage to your body and some inflammatory conditions may be life - threatening and need treatment or withdrawal of nivolumab . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials with nivolumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decreased appetite nausea feeling tired or weak common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) underactive thyroid gland which can cause tiredness or weight gain inflammation of the nerves causing numbness , weakness , tingling or burning pain of the arms and legs , headache , dizziness 32 inflammation of the lungs ( pneumonitis ), characterised by coughing and difficulty breathing , shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ), cough diarrhoea ( watery , loose or soft stools ), mouth ulcers and cold sores ( stomatitis ), vomiting , stomach pain , constipation , dry mouth skin rash , itching pain in the muscles , bones and joints fever , oedema ( swelling ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bronchitis , infections of the upper respiratory tract a disease causing the inflammation or enlargement of a lymph node ( kikuchi lymphadenitis ) allergic reaction , reactions related to the administration of the medicine adrenal glands not working properly , inflammation of the thyroid gland a condition in which the muscles become weak and tire easily ( myasthenic syndrome ), damage to the nerves in different parts of the body that can cause decreased feeling or affect movement fast heart rate inflammation of blood vessels fluid in the lungs inflammation of the intestines ( colitis ), ulcer of the small intestines hives ( itchy , bumpy rash ) inflammation of muscles causing pain or stiffness kidney disease , kidney failure . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the side effects listed above . do not try to treat your symptoms with other medicines on your own . changes in test results nivolumab bms may cause changes in the results of tests carried out by your doctor . these include : a decreased number of red blood cells ( which carry oxygen ), white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) or platelets ( cells which help the blood to clot ) abnormal liver function tests ( increased amounts of the liver enzymes aspartate aminotransferase , alanine aminotransferase or alkaline phosphatase in your blood , higher blood levels of bilirubin ) abnormal kidney function tests ( increased amounts of creatinine in your blood ) abnormal levels of calcium , potassium , magnesium , or sodium in your blood an increased level of the enzyme that breaks down lipids and of the enzyme that breaks down starch . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects can be very serious . if they happen to you stop taking zebinix and tell a doctor or go to a hospital immediately , as you may need urgent medical treatment : blistering or peeling of the skin and / or mucous membranes , rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your lips , face , eyelids , throat or tongue . these could be signs of an allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects are : feeling dizzy or sleepy . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects are : feeling unsteady or having a sensation of spinning or floating ; feeling sick or vomiting ; headache ; diarrhoea ; seeing double or blurred vision ; difficulty in concentration ; feeling low in energy or tired ; shaking ; skin rash ; blood tests showing that you have low levels of sodium in your blood ; decrease of appetite ; difficulty in sleeping ; difficulty in coordinating movements ( ataxia ); weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects are : clumsiness ; allergy ; constipation ; seizures ; underactive thyroid gland . symptoms include decreased level of thyroid hormone levels ( seen in blood tests ), cold intolerance , large tongue , thin and brittle fingernails or hair and low body temperature ; liver problems ; high blood pressure or severe increase in blood pressure ; low blood pressure or a fall in blood pressure on standing up ; blood tests showing that you have low levels of salts ( including chloride ) in your blood or a reduction in red blood cells ; dehydration ; eye movement changes , fuzzy vision or red eye ; having falls ; thermal burn ; poor memory or forgetfulness ; crying , feeling depressed , nervous or confused , lack of interest or emotion ; inability to speak or write or understand spoken or written language ; agitation ; attention deficit / hyperactivity disorder ; irritability ; mood changes or hallucinations ; difficulty in speaking ; nosebleed ; chest pain ; tingling and / or feeling numb in any part of your body ; migraine ; burning sensation ; abnormal sense of touch ; disturbances in the sense of smell ; ringing in the ears ; hearing difficulty ; swelling in your legs and arms ; heart burn , stomach upset , abdominal pain , abdominal bloating and discomfort or dry mouth ; charcoal ( dark ) stool ; inflamed gums or toothache ; sweating or having dry skin ; itching ; skin changes ( e . g . red skin ); hair loss ; urinary tract infection ; feeling generally weak , unwell or having chills ; weight loss ; muscle pain , pain in limbs , muscular weakness ; bone metabolism disorder ; increased bone proteins ; flushing , cold limbs ; slower or irregular heart beat ; feeling extremely sleepy ; sedation ; neurological movement disorder where your muscles contract causing twisting and repetitive movements or abnormal postures . symptoms include tremors , pain , cramping ; 121 medicine toxicity ; anxiety . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ) side effects are : reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; severe pain in the back and stomach ( caused by inflamation of the pancreas ); reduction in white blood cells which makes infections more likely ; reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes , red and swollen eyes and can be preceded by fever and / or flu - like symptoms ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ); initially flu - like symptoms , rash on the face then widespread rash , high body temperature , liver enzyme elevations , blood abnormalities ( eosinophilia ), enlarged lymph nodes and other body organs involvement ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms which is also known as dress or drug hypersensitivity syndrome ); serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face , throat , hand , feet , ankles , or lower legs ; urticaria ( skin rash with itching ). the use of zebinix is associated with an abnormality in ecg ( electrocardiogram ) called increase in pr interval . side effects associated with this ecg abnormality ( e . g . fainting and slowing of heart beat ) may occur . there have been reports of bone disorders including osteopenia and osteoporosis ( thinning of the bone ) and fractures with structurally related antiepileptics medicines like carbamazepine and oxcarbazepine . check with your doctor or pharmacist , if you are on long - term antiepileptic treatment , have a history of osteoporosis , or take steroids . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get a severe rash , or difficulty breathing and dizziness or swelling mainly of the face and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ), if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , high fever , flu - like symptoms , enlarged lymph nodes , ( signs of severe skin reactions ), if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of kidney problem ), if you experience a combination of drowsiness , upper right abdominal pain , yellowing or increased yellowing of your skin or eyes and dark urine ( signs of liver problems ), if you experience difficulty thinking , remembering information , or solving problems , being less alert or aware or feeling very sleepy with low energy ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood , which may be associated with liver or renal problems and lead to a change in your brain function ), if you vomit blood and / or have black stools , if you experience frequent abdominal pain , particularly after eating or taking deferasirox mylan , if you experience frequent heartburn , if you experience partial loss of vision , if you experience severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ), stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . some side effects could become serious . these side effects are uncommon . if you get blurred or cloudy eyesight , if you get reduced hearing , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) disturbance in kidney function tests . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) gastrointestinal disorders , such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , bloating , constipation , indigestion rash headache disturbance in liver function tests itching disturbance in urine test ( protein in the urine ) if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness fever sore throat swelling of arms or legs change in the colour of the skin anxiety sleep disorder tiredness if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ), in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia aggravated ), in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) hair loss kidney stones low urine output tear in stomach or intestine wall that can be painful and cause nausea severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ) abnormal level of acid in blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . adults : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache dizziness constipation diarrhoea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): high or low blood pressure abnormal heart rate or lack of blood flow to the heart change in the colour of the vein and / or veins becoming larger 24 abnormally high or low levels of potassium in the blood high levels of sugar in the blood or sugar in the urine low levels of calcium in the blood high levels of the pigment bilirubin in the blood high levels of certain liver enzymes elevated moods or feelings of anxiousness sleepiness or trouble sleeping decrease or loss of appetite weakness , tiredness , fever or flu like symptoms numbness , burning , prickling or tingling sensations on the skin itchy skin rash impaired vision or eye irritation motion sickness ringing in the ear hiccups , flatulence , dry mouth or indigestion abdominal ( stomach ) pain difficulty urinating joint pain electrocardiogram abnormalities ( qt prolongation ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions to palonosetron hospira . the signs may include swelling of the lips , face , tongue or throat , having difficulty breathing or collapsing , you could also notice an itchy , lumpy rash ( hives ), burning or pain at the site of injection . children and adolescents : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness jerky body movements abnormal heart rate coughing or shortness of breath nosebleed itchy skin rash or hives fever pain at the site of infusion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention you should stop taking trajenta and see your doctor immediately if you experience the following symptoms of low blood sugar : trembling , sweating , anxiety , blurred vision , tingling lips , paleness , mood change or confusion ( hypoglycaemia ). hypoglycaemia ( frequency : very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) is an identified side effect when trajenta is taken together with metformin and a sulphonylurea . some patients have experienced allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ; frequency uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) while taking trajenta alone or in combination with other medicinal products for the treatment of diabetes , which may be serious , including wheezing and shortness of breath ( bronchial hyperreactivity ; frequency not known , frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). some patients experienced rash ( frequency uncommon ), hives ( urticaria ; frequency rare , may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ), and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ; frequency rare ). if you experience any of the signs of illness mentioned above , stop taking trajenta and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ; frequency rare , may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) while taking trajenta alone or in combination with other medicinal products for the treatment of diabetes . stop taking trajenta and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). some patients have had the following side effects while taking trajenta alone or in combination with other medicinal products for the treatment of diabetes : common : level of lipase in the blood increased . uncommon : inflamed nose or throat ( nasopharyngitis ), cough , constipation ( in combination with insulin ), level of amylase in the blood increased . rare : blistering of skin ( bullous pemphigoid ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , rivastigmine teva can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . the frequencies are defined as : very common ( affects more than 1 patient in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 patient in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea common anxiety sweating headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused uncommon depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how your liver is working 81 rare chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut - shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ). dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) liver disorders ( yellow skin , yellowing of the whites of eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite ) aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common trembling common anxiety feeling restless , slow heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements uncommon uneven heartbeat and poor control of movements other side effects seen with rivastigmine transdermal patches and which may occur with hard capsules : common fever severe confusion if you get any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . if any of these side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . - nausea and headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of injection . - general aches and pains in the joints and muscles . - some changes may occur in your blood , but these will be detected by routine blood tests . your white blood cell count may become high for a short period of time . your platelet count may become low which might result in bruising . - chest pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic - type reactions , including redness and flushing , skin rash , and raised areas of the skin that itch . - serious allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ). - sickle cell crises in patients with sickle cell anaemia . - increased spleen size . - spleen rupture . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - breathing problems . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor . - sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever ) has occurred but other factors may play a role . - cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). - damage to the tiny filters inside your kidneys ( glomerulonephritis ). - redness at the site of injection . - coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . - bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ). - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using fulphila if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : severe rash , hives or other signs of allergic reaction ( urticaria ) swollen face , hands , feet ( angioedema ) trouble breathing , swallowing ( multiple causes for these symptoms ) shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet ( heart failure ) symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness ( pancytopaenia , anaemia , low platelet count , low white blood cell count ) serious skin rashes . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : signs of infection such as fever , malaise , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination feeling weak or tired coughing tingling numbness double vision arm or leg weakness bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal the symptoms described above can be due to some of the side effects listed below , which have been observed with cimzia : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bacterial infections in any site ( a collection of pus ) viral infections ( including cold sores , shingles , and influenza ) fever high blood pressure rash or itching headaches ( including migraines ) sensory abnormalities such as numbness , tingling , burning sensation feeling weak and generally unwell pain blood disorders liver problems injection site reactions nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic conditions including allergic rhinitis and allergic reactions to the medicine ( including anaphylactic shock ) antibody directed against normal tissue blood and lymphatic system cancers like lymphoma and leukaemia solid organ cancers skin cancers , pre - cancerous skin lesions benign ( non - cancerous ) tumours and cysts ( including those of the skin ) heart problems including weakened heart muscle , heart failure , heart attack , chest discomfort or chest pressure , abnormal heart rhythm including irregular heart beats oedema ( swelling in the face or legs ) lupus ( immune / connective tissue disease ) symptoms ( joint pain , skin rashes , photosensitivity and fever ) inflammation of the blood vessels sepsis ( serious infection which can result in organ failure , shock or death ) tuberculosis infection 143 fungal infections ( occur when the ability to fight off infection is lessened ) respiratory disorders and inflammation ( including asthma , shortness of breath , cough , blocked sinuses , pleurisy , or difficulty breathing ) stomach problems including abdominal fluid collection , ulcers ( including oral ulcers ), perforation , distension , inflammation heartburn , upset , dry mouth bile problems muscle problems including increased muscle enzymes changes in blood levels of different salts changes in cholesterol and fat levels in the blood blood clots in the veins or lungs bleeding or bruising changed numbers of blood cells , including low red cell count ( anaemia ), low platelet counts , increased platelet counts swollen lymph nodes flu - like symptoms , chills , altered temperature perception , night sweats , flushing anxiety and mood disorders such as depression , appetite disorders , weight change ringing in the ears vertigo ( dizziness ) feeling faint , including loss of consciousness nerve disorders in the extremities including symptoms of numbness , tingling , burning sensation , dizziness , tremor skin disorders such as new onset or worsening of psoriasis , inflammation of the skin ( such as eczema ), sweat gland disorders , ulcers , photosensitivity , acne , hair loss , discoloration , nail separation , dry skin and injuries impaired healing kidney and urinary problems including impairment of kidney function , blood in the urine and urinary disturbances menstrual cycle ( monthly period ) disorders including lack of bleeding , or heavy or irregular bleeding breast disorders eye and eyelid inflammation , vision disturbances , problems with tears some blood parameters increased ( blood alkaline phosphatase increased ) prolonged coagulation ( clotting ) test times rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): gastrointestinal cancer , melanoma lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease , pneumonitis ) stroke , blockage in blood vessels ( arteriosclerosis ), poor blood circulation which makes the toes and fingers numb and pale ( raynaud ' s phenomenon ), mottled purplish skin discoloration , small veins near the surface of the skin may become visible pericardial inflammation cardiac arrhythmia enlarged spleen increase of red cell mass white blood cell morphology abnormal formation of stones in the gall bladder kidney problems ( including nephritis ) immune disorders such as sarcoidosis ( rash , joint pain , fever ), serum sickness , inflammation of the fat tissue , angioneurotic oedema ( swelling of the lips , face , throat ) thyroid disorders ( goitre , tiredness , weight loss ) increased iron levels in the body increased blood levels of uric acid suicide attempt , mental impairment , delirium inflammation of the nerves for hearing , seeing , or of the face , impaired coordination or balance 144 increased gastrointestinal motility fistula ( tract from one organ to another ) ( any site ) oral disorders including pain on swallowing skin sloughing , blistering , hair texture disorder sexual dysfunction seizure worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( a serious skin condition which early symptoms include malaise , fever , headache and rash ) inflammatory skin rash ( erythema multiforme ) lichenoid reactions ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash and / or threadlike white - grey lines on mucous membranes ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): multiple sclerosis * guillain - barré syndrome * merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer )* kaposi ' s sarcoma ( a rare cancer related to infection with human herpes virus 8 . kaposi ' s sarcoma most commonly appears as purple lesions on the skin ) * these events have been related to this class of medicines but the incidence with cimzia is not known . other side effects when cimzia has been used to treat other diseases the following uncommon side effects have occurred : gastrointestinal stenosis ( narrowing of part of the digestive system ). gastrointestinal obstructions ( blockages of the digestive system ). general physical health deterioration . spontaneous abortion . azoospermia ( lack of sperm production ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by emselex are usually mild and temporary . some side effects could be serious serious allergic reactions including swelling , mainly of the face and throat . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 44 dry mouth , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick , dry eyes , nasal dryness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fatigue , accidental injury , facial swelling , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , flatulence , inflammation of the mucous membrane of the mouth , increased liver enzymes , swelling , dizziness , sleeplessness , drowsiness , abnormal thinking , runny nose ( rhinitis ), cough , shortness of breath , dry skin , itching , rash , sweating , visual disturbance including blurred vision , taste disturbance , urinary tract disorder or infection , impotence , discharge and itching in the vagina , bladder pain , inability to empty your bladder . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) depressed mood / mood alterations , hallucination . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , sprimeo hct can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you may need to stop sprimeo hct . side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with sprimeo hct were : common ( affecting less than 1 in 10 patients ): diarrhoea as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . aliskiren : common ( affecting less than 1 in 10 patients ): diarrhoea joint pain ( arthralgia ) high level of potassium in the blood dizziness uncommon ( affecting less than 1 in 100 patients ): skin rash ( this may also be a sign of allergic reactions or angioedema see " rare " side effects below ) kidney problems including acute renal failure ( severely decreased urine output ) swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ) low blood pressure rare ( affecting less than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) and angioedema ( the symptoms of which can include difficulties in breathing or swallowing , rash , itching , hives or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue , dizziness ) increased level of creatinine in the blood hydrochlorothiazide : very common ( affecting more than 1 in 10 patients ): low level of potassium in the blood increase of lipids in the blood common ( affecting less than 1 in 10 patients ): high level of uric acid in the blood low level of magnesium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood dizziness , fainting on standing up reduced appetite nausea and vomiting itchy rash and other types of rash inability to achieve or maintain erection 141 rare ( affecting less than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ): low level of blood platelets ( sometimes with bleeding or bruising underneath the skin ) high level of calcium in the blood high level of sugar in the blood worsening of the diabetic metabolic state sad mood ( depression ) sleep disturbances dizziness headache tingling or numbness vision disorder irregular heart beat abdominal discomfort constipation diarrhoea liver disorders which can occur together with yellow skin and eyes increased sensitivity of skin to the sun sugar in the urine very rare ( affecting less than 1 in 10 , 000 patients ): fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers , more frequent infections ( lack or low level of white blood cells ) pale skin , tiredness , breathlessness , dark - coloured urine ( haemolytic anaemia ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( hypersensitivity reactions ) confusion , tiredness , muscle twitching and spasm , rapid breathing ( hypochloraemic alkalosis ) difficulty breathing with fever , coughing , wheezing , breathlessness ( respiratory distress including pneumonitis and pulmonary oedema ) severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ) facial rash , joint pain , muscle disorder , fever ( lupus erythematosus ) inflammation of blood vessels with symptoms such as rash , purplish - red spots , fever ( vasculitis ) severe skin disease that causes rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): weakness bruising and frequent infections ( aplastic anaemia ) decrease in vision or pain in your eyes due to high pressure ( possible signs of acute - angle closure glaucoma ) severe skin disease that causes rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( erythema multiforme ) muscle spasm severely decreased urine output ( possible signs of renal disorder or renal failure ), weakness ( asthenia ) fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects with tracleer are abnormal liver function which may affect more than 1 in 10 people anaemia ( low blood value ) which may affect up to 1 in 10 people . anaemia may occasionally require blood transfusion your liver and blood values will be monitored during treatment with tracleer ( see section 2 ). it is important that you have these tests as ordered by your doctor . signs that your liver may not be working properly include : nausea ( urge to vomit ) vomiting fever ( high temperature ) pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) dark - coloured urine itching of your skin lethargy or fatigue ( unusual tiredness or exhaustion ) flu - like syndrome ( joint and muscle pain with fever ) if you notice any of these signs tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than one in 10 people ): headache oedema ( swelling of the legs and ankles or other signs of fluid retention ) common ( may affect up to one in 10 people ): flushed appearance or redness of skin hypersensitivity reactions ( including skin inflammation , itching and rash ) gastrooesophageal reflux disease ( acid reflux ) diarrhoea syncope ( fainting ) palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) low blood pressure nasal congestion uncommon ( may affect up to one in 100 people ): thrombocytopenia ( low number of blood platelets ) neutropenia / leukopenia ( low number of white blood cells ) elevated liver function tests with hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) including possible exacerbation of underlying hepatitis and / or jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) 74 rare ( may affect up to one in 1000 people ): anaphylaxis ( general allergic reaction ), angioedema ( swelling , most commonly around the eyes , lips , tongue or throat ) cirrhosis ( scarring ) of the liver , liver failure ( serious disturbance of liver function ) blurred vision have also been reported at an unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). side effects in children and adolescents the side effects that have been reported in children treated with tracleer are the same as those in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , litak can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following during or after treatment with litak : - any signs of infections ( such as flu - like symptoms ) - fever repeated occurrence of malignant ( cancerous ) disease cannot be excluded . this means that the risk that you develop a malignant disease in the future is slightly higher than for healthy people . this slightly increased risk can be due to hairy cell leukaemia or to therapies used to treat the disease including litak . the following side effects may occur : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections . fever . low numbers of certain white blood cells ( neutrophils and lymphocytes ) and platelets in blood tests . low number of red blood cells , which may result in anaemia , with symptoms such as tiredness and drowsiness . reduced function of your body ' s immune system . headache , dizziness . abnormal breath sounds , abnormal chest sounds , cough . feeling sick , vomiting , constipation and diarrhoea . skin eruption ( rash ), swelling , redness as well as soreness around the site of injection , sweating . skin reactions are mostly mild to moderate and usually resolve within a few days . tiredness , chills , decreased appetite . weakness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) repeated occurrence of malignant ( cancerous ) disease . low number of platelets , which can cause unusual bleeding ( for example nose or skin bleeds ). sleeplessness , anxiety . increased heart rate , abnormal heart sound , low blood pressure , decreased blood supply to the heart muscle . shortness of breath , swelling in lung tissue due to infection , inflammation of mouth and tongue . abdominal pain and presence of excessive amount of gas in the stomach or bowels , mostly mild increases in liver laboratory values ( bilirubin , transaminases ) which will return to normal values once treatment is over . itching , itching skin eruption ( urticaria ), redness of the skin and skin pain . swelling in tissues ( oedema ), not feeling well , pain ( muscle pain , joint pain , and bone pain ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) anaemia caused by destruction of red blood cells . sleepiness , numbness and tingling of the skin , feebleness , inactivity , disorder of peripheral nerves , confusion , impaired ability to coordinate movements . eye inflammation . sore throat . inflammation of a vein . severe weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 . 000 people ) reduced liver function . reduced kidney function . complications caused by cancer treatment due to break - down of cancer cells . rejection response to blood transfusions . increased number of certain white blood cells ( eosinophils ). stroke . disturbances in speech and swallowing . heart failure . abnormal heart rhythm . inability of the heart to maintain adequate blood circulation . obstruction of the bowels . serious allergic skin reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome or lyell syndrome ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 . 000 people ) depression , epileptic attack . swelling of the eyelid . blood clot in the lung . inflammation of the gallbladder . reduced function of organs due to high amounts of a specific substance produced by the body ( a glycoprotein ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with ocrevus : infusion - related reactions infusion - related reactions are the most common side effect of ocrevus treatment ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). in most cases these are mild reactions but some serious reactions can happen . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you experience any signs or symptoms of an infusion - related reaction during the infusion or up to 24 hours after the infusion . symptoms can include , but are not limited to : - itchy skin - rash - hives - redness of the skin - throat irritation or pain - shortness of breath - swelling of the throat - flushing - low blood pressure - fever - feeling tired - headache - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( nausea ) - fast heart beat . if you have an infusion - related reaction , you will be given medicines to treat it and the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . when the reaction has stopped , the infusion may be continued . if the infusion - related reaction is life - threatening , your doctor will permanently stop your treatment with ocrevus . infections you might get infections more easily with ocrevus . the following infections have been seen in patients treated with ocrevus in ms : - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - upper respiratory tract infection - flu . - common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - sinus infection - bronchitis ( bronchial tube inflammation ) - herpes infection ( cold sore or shingles ) - infection of the stomach and bowel ( gastroenteritis ) - respiratory tract infection - viral infection - skin infection ( cellulitis ) some of them might be serious . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these signs of infection : - fever or chills - cough which does not go away - herpes ( such as cold sore , shingles and genital sores ). other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people decrease in specific proteins in the blood ( immunoglobulins ) which help protect against infection common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people cough a build - up of thick mucus in the nose , throat or chest low levels of a type of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) 40 not known : it is not known how often these side effects happen a reduction in white blood cells which can be delayed reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most serious side effects contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the below listed side effects . the doctor might ask you to stop using pergoveris . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , hives , swelling of your face with difficulty breathing can sometimes be serious . this side effect is very rare . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) lower abdominal pain together with nausea or vomiting . these may be the symptoms of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ). your ovaries may have over - reacted to the treatment and formed large sacs of fluid or cysts ( see in section 2 . under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss )"). this side effect is common . if this happens , your doctor will need to examine you as soon as possible . the ohss may become severe with clearly enlarged ovaries , decreased urine production , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). complications of ohss such as twisting of ovaries or blood clotting occur rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). serious blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) usually with severe ohss are found very rarely . this could cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack . in rare cases this can also happen independently of ohss ( see in section 2 . under " blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events )"). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sacs of fluid within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) headache local reactions at the injection site such as pain , itching , bruising , swelling or irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea breast pain feeling sick or vomiting abdominal or pelvic pain abdominal cramp or bloating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): your asthma may get worse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . unexpected changes in behaviour , such as aggression , may occur commonly ( affecting between 1 in 100 to 1 in 10 people ). if this change in behaviour occurs , you must tell your doctor . the doctor may want you / your child to stop taking this medicine . if any of the following side effects get serious or are troublesome , contact your doctor or seek medical advice :- common : may affect between 1 in 100 to 1 in 10 people changes in mood aggression irritability drowsiness headache sudden onset of sleep swelling and inflammation of the sinuses associated with pain and blocked nose ( sinusitis ) tiredness hangover feeling frequency not known ( reported from use in adults ) fits ( epilepsy ) visual impairment breathlessness / shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) constipation decreased appetite swelling of the face skin lesion feeling abnormal abnormal behaviour low levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) reporting of side effects if you or your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects happen within 7 days of getting the injection . the following side effects can happen in adults . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , warmth , or swelling where the injection is given feeling very tired headache or muscle ache joint pain chills common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) being sick ( vomiting ) itching where the injection is given generalised itching fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy redness and skin hardness where the injection is given the following side effects can happen in children and young people 1 to 17 years of age . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain where the injection is given decreased activity decreased appetite feeling irritable feeling very tired common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) swelling , itching or redness where the injection is given being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) joint pain muscle ache fever most of these side effects are mild to moderate in intensity and are not long - lasting . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects can occur with the following frequencies : common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people constipation , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea other stomach and bowel disorders , tooth disorder pain , such as abdominal pain , bone pain , muscle pain , chest pain , headache 44 dizziness , drowsiness sleeplessness , anxiety , hostility , nervousness mental condition , chracterised by delusions and irrationality high blood pressure , feeling heartbeat fainting dilated pupils hot flush , bruising , dilation of blood vessels drug withdrawal syndrome , such as sweating , feeling hot and cold fatigue , chills , weakness , increased muscle tone infection , such as viral infection ( e . g . flu ) cough , breathlessness inflammation of the airways in the lungs , throat or inner lining of the nose increased sweating , feeling unwell decreased appetite increased level of a liver enzyme , alanine aminotransferase , in blood tests reactions at the implant site - pain , itching - procedural site reaction , such as pain during the insertion procedure - bruising , skin reddening , scar - bleeding uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people dry mouth , wind , indigestion , bloody stool migraine , tremor excessive sleepiness abnormal sensation such as prickling , " pins and needles ", tingling and itchiness reduced consciousness sleep disorder , disinterest depression , euphoria decreased sexual desire , decreased orgasmic sensation restlessness , excitement , excitability , abnormal thoughts drug dependence reduced sense of touch or sensation fever , feeling cold , discomfort swelling , including tissue swelling in arms , legs or face caused by excess fluid muscle spasms , limb discomfort pain affecting muscles and skeleton , neck , limbs , joints pain and dysfunction of chewing muscles and joints called temporomandibular joint syndrome breathing depression , yawning cellulitis , skin infection , boil tonsil complications rash , rash pustular , skin lesion cold sweat , dry skin small bleeds beneath the skin changes in blood levels - increased enzyme levels : aspartate aminotransferase , gamma - glutamyltransferase , blood lactate dehydrogenase , lipase , amylase - decreased enzyme levels : alkaline phosphatase - increased bicarbonate level - increased bilirubin level - a yellow breakdown substance of the blood pigment - increased glucose level - decreased cholesterol level - decreased haematocrit - the percentage of blood cells on the blood volume - decreased haemoglobin - the red blood cell pigment , increased mean cell haemoglobin - increase in certain white blood cell count : monocyte , neutrophils 45 - decreased cell count : platelets , red blood cells , lymphocytes abnormal mean cell volume increased or decreased weight , including abnormal weight gain dehydration , increased appetite painful period , erectile dysfunction eye discharge , blurred vision , lacrimal disorder slow heartbeat , abnormal heart rhythm that starts in the atrial chambers of the heart urinary hesitation , urge to urinate , urinating more frequently with little urinary output urinary tract infection vulvovaginal fungal infection lymph node disease lack of a white blood cell type called neutrophils complication after the procedure migration of implant ( s ), device breakage or expulsion reopening of a closed wound reactions at the implant site - infection , including wound infection - rash , scaring - reduced healing - swollen area containing pus reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function test , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - tiredness , fungal infections , confusion , hallucinations , vomiting , abnormal gait , heart failure and venous blood clotting ( thrombosis / thromboembolism ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - seizures . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) and psychotic reactions alzheimer ' s disease has been associated with depression , suicidal ideation and suicide . these events have been reported in patients treated with memantine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects that may occur are the following : side effects occured during clinical studies or routine use of the vaccine or with individual hepatitis a and hepatitis b vaccines or with the adult formulation of twinrix . very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) pain and redness at the injection site common ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ) drowsiness , headache nausea loss of appetite swelling or bruising at the injection site generally feeling unwell , tiredness fever equal to or greater than 37 . 5 irritability uncommon ( these may occur with up to 1 in 100 doses of the vaccine ) diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain rash aching muscles upper respiratory tract infection rare ( these may occur with up to 1 in 1 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) swollen glands in the neck armpit or groin ( lymphadenopathy ) dizziness loss of skin sensitivity to pain or touch ( hypoaesthesia ) feeling of pins and needles ( paraesthesia ) hives , itching joint pain low blood pressure flu - like symptoms such as high temperature , sore throat , runny nose , cough and chills very rare ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) purple or red brown spots visible through the skin ( thrombocytopenic purpura ) swelling or infection of the brain ( encephalitis ) degenerative disease of the brain ( encephalopathy ) inflammation of nerves ( neuritis ) numbness or weakness of the arms and legs ( neuropathy ), paralysis fits or seizures swelling of the face , mouth or throat ( angioneurotic oedema ) purple or reddish - purple bumps on the skin ( lichen planus ), serious skin rashes ( erythema multiforme ) joint swelling , muscular weakness infection around the brain which may give severe headache with stiff neck and sensitivity to light ( meningitis ) inflammation of some blood vessels ( vasculitis ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis , anaphylactoid reactions and mimicking serum sickness ). signs of serious allergic reactions may be rashes that may be itchy or blistering , swelling of the eyes and face , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , a sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of 21 consciousness . such reactions may occur before leaving the doctor ' s surgery . however , if you get any of these symptoms you should contact a doctor urgently . abnormal laboratory liver test results multiple sclerosis , swelling of the spinal cord ( myelitis ) drooping eyelid and sagging muscles on one side of the face ( facial palsy ) a temporary inflammation of the nerves , causing pain , weakness and paralysis in the extremities and often progressing to the chest and face ( guillain - barré syndrome ) a disease of the nerves of the eye ( optic neuritis ) immediate injection site pain , stinging and burning feeling reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may notice any of the following side effects after administration of ceprotin : as with any product administered by infusion into a vein allergic reactions including severe and potentially life - threatening reactions ( anaphylaxis ) are possible . you should be aware of the early signs of allergic reactions such as burning and stinging at the injection site , chills , flushing , rash , hives , breathing difficulty , nausea , headache , lethargy , low blood pressure , and tightness of the chest . the following side effects were rarely observed during clinical studies ( less than 1 case in 1000 administrations given to patients ): itching ( pruritus ), rash and dizziness . in the postmarketing experience there have been reports of restlessness , excessive sweating , and pain and redness at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects of nubeqa with the following frequencies : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - tiredness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - blockage of the arteries in the heart - heart failure - rash - pain in arms and legs - pain in muscles and bones - broken bones very common side effects that may show up in blood tests : - reduced number of a white blood cell type called neutrophils - increased blood levels of substances produced by the liver : bilirubin , aspartate transaminase reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - the signs may include : wheezing or difficulty breathing , hives , itching of the skin , swelling , feeling sick , pain at the infusion site , redness of skin and infections ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - the signs may include : chills or shivering , high fever or rash 68 other side effects tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common cold joint pain headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever chest infection tiredness cough flu ( influenza ) back pain throat pain sinus infection itching / itchiness rash and redness pain in the limb muscle cramps muscle weakness throat infection stomach flu anal infection anal sore hard faeces bloated stomach passing gas high blood pressure prickling or tingling heart burn haemorrhoids blocked nose eczema night sweats acne ( pimples ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) redness and tenderness of hair follicle throat and mouth yeast infection vaginal infection shingles ( herpes zoster ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia blurred vision ( loss of sharpness of eyesight ) sudden , severe allergic reaction which can cause breathing difficulty , swelling , fast heartbeat , sweating , drop in blood pressure , light - headedness , loss of consciousness and collapse ( anaphylactic reaction and anaphylactic shock ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 69 appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking paglitaz in combination with insulin . symptoms are unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of 65 , seek medical advice straight away . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking paglitaz . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly in patients taking paglitaz in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in women patients taking paglitaz . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye ( frequency not known ) has also been reported in patients taking paglitaz . if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your 59 doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported ( frequency not known ) in patients taking paglitaz . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking paglitaz are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - weight gain - numbness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes - allergic reactions the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when paglitaz is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - impotence - back pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in red blood cell count - flatulence uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in enzymes - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - sweating - tiredness - increased appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking janumet and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : ? severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). janumet may cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking janumet and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including rash , hives , blisters on the skin / peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced diarrhoea , nausea , flatulence , constipation , stomach ache or vomiting when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea such as glimepiride : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with insulin : very common : low blood sugar uncommon : dry mouth , headache some patients have experienced the following side effects during clinical studies while taking sitagliptin alone ( one of the medicines in janumet ) or during post - approval use of janumet or sitagliptin alone or with other diabetes medicines : common : low blood sugar , headache , upper respiratory infection , stuffy or runny nose and sore throat , osteoarthritis , arm or leg pain uncommon : dizziness , constipation , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking metformin alone : very common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and loss of appetite . these symptoms may happen when you start taking metformin and usually go away common : a metallic taste very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , hepatitis ( a problem with your liver ), hives , redness of the skin ( rash ) or itching reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 62 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss the side effects of sarclisa with you and will explain the possible risks and benefits of your treatment with sarclisa . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the effects below . infusion reactions - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you feel unwell during or after the infusion of sarclisa . the most common severe signs of infusion reaction include : high blood pressure ( hypertension ) 31 feeling short of breath the most common signs of infusion reaction include : feeling short of breath cough chills nausea you may also have other side effects during the infusion . your doctor or nurse may decide to temporarily stop , slow down , or completely stop the sarclisa infusion . they may also give you additional medicines to treat your symptoms and prevent complications . other side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you have any of the side effects listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): lower number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) lower number of some white blood cells ( neutrophils or lymphocytes ) which are important in fighting infection lower number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - tell your doctor or nurse if you have any unusual bruising or bleeding . infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) infection of the airways ( such as nose , sinuses or throat ) diarrhoea bronchitis feeling short of breath nausea fever with a severe decrease in some white blood cells ( febrile neutropenia ) ( see section 2 for further details ) vomiting common ( may affect up to1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite weight loss if any of the above apply to you , or you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop using kyntheum and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you get any of the following side effects . your doctor will decide if and when you may restart the treatment : serious allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing low blood pressure , which can cause dizziness or light - headedness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . possible serious infections ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), the signs may include : fever , flu - like symptoms , night sweats feeling tired or short of breath , cough which will not go away warm , red and painful skin , or a painful skin rash with blisters . other side effects that have been reported common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick redness , pain , itching , bruising , or bleeding at injection site tiredness mouth or throat pain tinea ( fungal ) skin infections ( including on feet and groin ) flu ( influenza ) headache joint pain muscle pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) candida ( fungal ) infection in the mouth , throat or genitals discharge from the eye with itching , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ) low white blood cell count . most of these side effects are mild to moderate . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor , nurse , or pharmacist . abdominal cramps and pain , diarrhoea , weight loss or blood in the stool ( signs of bowel problems ) have also been reported with il - 17 inhibitors , such as kyntheum . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : 81 fever or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop skin rash ( very common ) / burning or prickling sensation ( common ), or fever ( common ). rarely , skin reactions may be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon ) ( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) side effects with pemetrexed may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking skin abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys fatigue ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of body fluids taste change damage to the motor nerves which may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , burning pain and unsteady gait dizziness inflammation or swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye dry eye watery eyes dryness of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids 82 eye disorder with dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or pain cardiac failure ( condition that affects the pumping power of your heart muscles ) irregular heart rhythm indigestion constipation abdominal pain liver : increases in the chemicals in the blood made by the liver increased skin pigmentation itchy skin rash on the body where each mark resembles a bullseye hair loss hives kidney stop working reduced functionality of kidney fever pain excess fluid in body tissue , causing swelling chest pain inflammation and ulceration of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of red , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) heart attack narrowing or blockage of the coronary arteries abnormal heart rythm ) deficient blood distribution to the limbs blockage in one of the pulmonary arteries in your lungs inflammation and scarring of the lining of the lungs with breathing problems passage of bright red blood from the anus bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract ruptured bowel inflammation of the lining of the oesophagus inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) inflammation , edema , erythema , and erosion of the mucosal surface of the esophagus caused by radiation therapy inflammation of the lung caused by radiation therapy rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver redness of the skin skin rash that develops throughout a previously irradiated area very rare ( affect up to 1 of 10 000 people ) infections of skin and soft tissues stevens - johnson syndrome ( a type of severe skin and mucous membranes reaction that may be life threatening ) 83 toxic epidermal necrolysis ( a type of severe skin reaction that may be life threatening ) autoimmune disorder that results in skin rashes and blistering on the legs , arms , and abdomen inflammation of the skin characterized by the presence of bullae which are filled with fluid skin fragility , blisters and erosions and skin scarring redness , pain and swelling mainly of the lower limbs inflammation of the skin and fat beneath the skin ( pseudocellulitis ) inflammation of the skin ( dermatitis ) skin to become inflamed , itchy , red , cracked , and rough intensely itchy spots not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data form of diabetes primarily due to pathology of the kidney disorder of the kidneys involving the death of tubular epithelial cells that form the renal tubules you might have any of these symptoms and / or conditions . you must tell your doctor as soon as possible when you start experiencing any of these side effects . if you are concerned about any side effects , talk to your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms which could be a sign of serious blood disorder : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - being short of breath , feeling very tired , having pale skin , or fast heartbeat these may be signs of a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - infection , developing chills or shivering , or fever or feeling hot these may be signs of a low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ). - bruising or bleeding for longer than usual if you hurt yourself these may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ). talk to your doctor if you get any other side effects . these can include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low counts of white blood cells , red blood cells , and blood platelets - decreased appetite - feeling dizzy - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen - hair loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - alteration in taste ( dysgeusia ) - indigestion - mouth inflammation reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects that have been observed during cyramza treatment ( see also what you need to know before you are given cyramza ): common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - hole in the wall of your gut : this is a hole that develops in the stomach , gut or bowel . symptoms include severe abdominal pain , being sick ( vomiting ), fever or chills . - severe bleeding in your gut : symptoms may include extreme tiredness , weakness , dizziness or changes in the colour of your stools . - blood clots in the arteries : arterial blood clots can lead to a heart attack or stroke . symptoms of a heart attack may include chest pain or heaviness in the chest . symptoms of a stroke may include sudden numbness or weakness of the arm , leg and face , feeling confused , difficulty speaking or understanding others , sudden difficulty in walking or loss of balance or coordination or sudden dizziness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - a brain condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome : symptoms may include fits ( seizures ), headache , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), blindness or reduced level of consciousness , with or without high blood pressure . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following other side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - feeling tired or weak - low white blood cell counts ( may increase the risk of infection ) - infections - diarrhoea - hair loss - nose bleed - inflammation of the lining of the mouth - high blood pressure - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale - swelling of hands , feet and legs due to fluid retention - low platelet count ( blood cells that help the blood to clot ) - abdominal pain - protein in the urine ( abnormal urine test ) - headache - inflammation of mucous membranes , such as digestive and respiratory tracts common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - fever accompanied by low white blood cell counts - low blood levels of a protein called albumin - infusion - related reactions - rash - redness , swelling , numbness / tingling , or pain and / or skin peeling in hands and / or feet ( called hand - foot syndrome ) - hoarseness 50 - bleeding in your lungs - low blood levels of sodium ( hyponatraemia ) which can cause tiredness and confusion or muscle twitching - bleeding gums - confusion and / or disorientation in patients with chronic liver problems - intestinal blockage ; symptoms may include constipation and abdominal pain - abnormal growth of blood vessels - serious infection ( sepsis ) - low blood levels of potassium ( hypokalaemia ) which can cause muscle weakness , twitching or abnormal heart rhythm rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - abnormal blood clotting in small blood vessels not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). cyramza may cause changes in laboratory tests . from the side effects listed above , these are : low white blood cell counts ; low platelet count in the blood ; low blood levels of albumin , potassium or sodium ; presence of protein in the urine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effect of deferiprone lipomed is a very low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count . this condition , known as severe neutropenia or agranulocytosis , has occurred in 1 to 2 out of 100 people who have taken deferiprone in clinical studies . a low white blood cell count can be associated with a serious and potentially life - threatening infection . report immediately to your doctor any symptoms of infection such as : fever , sore throat or flu - like symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal pain - nausea - vomiting - reddish / brown discoloration of urine if you experience nausea or vomiting , it may help to take your deferiprone lipomed with some food . discolored urine is a very common effect and is not harmful . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low white blood cell count ( agranulocytosis and neutropenia ) - headache - diarrhoea - increase in liver enzymes - fatigue - increase in appetite not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - allergic reactions including skin rash or hives events of joint pain and swelling ranged from mild pain in one or more joints to severe disability . in most cases , the pain disappeared while patients continued taking deferiprone . additional side effects in children in post - marketing experience with deferiprone , neurological disorders ( such as tremors , walking disorders , double vision , involuntary muscle contractions , problems with movement coordination ) have been reported in children who had been voluntarily prescribed more than double the maximum recommended dose of 100 mg / kg / day for several years . they recovered from these symptoms after discontinuation of deferiprone . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . patients treated with baraclude have reported the following side effects : adults common ( at least 1 in 100 patients ): headache , insomnia ( inability to sleep ), fatigue ( extreme tiredness ), dizziness , somnolence ( sleepiness ), vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), and increased blood levels of liver enzymes . uncommon ( at least 1 in 1 , 000 patients ): rash , hair loss . rare ( at least 1 in 10 , 000 patients ): severe allergic reaction . children and adolescents the side effects experienced in children and adolescents are similar to those experienced in adults as described above with the following difference : very common ( at least 1 in 10 patients ): low levels of neutrophils ( one type of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , feeling sleepy feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) lack of appetite trouble sleeping , feeling agitated , less sex drive , anxiety , difficulty or failure to experience orgasm , unusual dreams dizziness , feeling sluggish , tremor , numbness , including numbness , pricking or tingling of the skin blurred eyesight tinnitus ( hearing sound in the ear when there is no external sound ) feeling the heart pumping in the chest , increased blood pressure , flushing increased yawning constipation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , being sick ( vomiting ), heartburn or indigestion , breaking wind increased sweating , ( itchy ) rash muscle pain , muscle spasm painful urination , frequent urination problems getting an erection , changes in ejaculation falls ( mostly in elderly people ), fatigue weight loss children and adolescents under 18 years of age with depression treated with this medicine had some weight loss when they first start taking this medicine . weight increased to match other children and adolescents of their age and sex after 6 months of treatment . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) throat inflammation that causes a hoarse voice suicidal thoughts , difficulty sleeping , grinding or clenching the teeth , feeling disorientated , lack of motivation sudden involuntary jerks or twitches of the muscles , sensation of restlessness or an inability to sit or stand still , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , difficulty controlling movement e . g . lack of coordination or involuntary movements of the muscles , restless legs syndrome , poor sleep quality large pupils ( the dark centre of the eye ), problems with eyesight feeling of dizziness or " spinning " ( vertigo ), ear pain 40 fast and / or irregular heart beat fainting , dizziness , lightheadedness or fainting on standing up , cold fingers and / or toes throat tightness , nose bleeds vomiting blood , or black tarry stools ( faeces ), gastroenteritis , burping , difficulty swallowing inflammation of the liver that may cause abdominal pain and yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes night sweats , hives , cold sweats , sensitivity to sunlight , increased tendency to bruise muscle tightness , muscle twitching difficulty or inability to pass urine , difficulty to start urinating , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow abnormal vaginal bleeding , abnormal periods , including heavy , painful , irregular or prolonged periods , unusually light or missed periods , pain in the testicles or scrotum chest pain , feeling cold , thirst , shivering , feeling hot , abnormal gait weight gain xeristar may cause effects that you may not be aware of , such as increases in liver enzymes or blood levels of potassium , creatine phosphokinase , sugar , or cholesterol rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness with swollen tongue or lips , allergic reactions decreased thyroid gland activity which can cause tiredness or weight gain dehydration , low levels of sodium in the blood ( mostly in elderly people ; the symptoms may include feeling dizzy , weak , confused , sleepy or very tired , or feeling or being sick , more serious symptoms are fainting , fits or falls ), syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti - diuretic hormone ( siadh ) suicidal behaviour , mania ( over activity , racing thoughts and decreased need for sleep ), hallucinations , aggression and anger " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) coughing , wheezing and shortness of breath which may be accompanied by a high temperature inflammation of the mouth , passing bright red blood in your stools , bad breath , inflammation of the large intestine ( leading to diarrhoea ) liver failure , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( serious illness with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ), serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) contraction of the jaw muscle abnormal urine odour menopausal symptoms , abnormal production of breast milk in men or women excessive vaginal bleeding shortly after birth ( postpartum haemorrhage ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine may cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ). other effects that may be seen during treatment with sofosbuvir : the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). a wide spread severe rash with peeling skin which may be accompanied by fever , flu like symptoms , blisters in the mouth , eyes , and / or genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ). if you get any side effects tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately or seek urgent medical attention if you experience serious side effects , such as : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , severe hives / nettle rash . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction feeling sleepy and uncoordinated , have blurred vision , have slurred speech , cannot think well or clearly , or your breathing gets much slower than is normal for you severe tiredness , itching with yellowing of skin or eyes . these may be symptoms of liver damage seeing or hearing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than one in 10 people ): insomnia ( inability to sleep ) headache 54 constipation , nausea excessive sweating drug withdrawal syndrome common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , infection , sore throat and painful swallowing , runny nose anxiety , depression , decreased sexual drive , nervousness , abnormal thinking migraines , dizziness , fainting , increase in muscle tension , tingling , drowsiness increased tearing ( watering eyes ) or other tearing disorder increased blood pressure , flushing increased cough abdominal pain , upset stomach or other stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , flatulence , vomiting rash , itching , hives back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , leg cramps ( muscle spasm ) urine abnormality difficulty in getting or keeping an erection weakness , chest pain , chills , fever , feeling of general discomfort , pain , swelling ( hands and feet ) abnormal liver function , weight loss accidental injury caused by loss of alertness or co - ordination uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abnormal blood tests swollen , glands ( lymph nodes ) abnormal dreams , agitation , loss of interest , depersonalisation ( not feeling like yourself ), medicine dependence , exaggerated feeling of well - being , feelings of hostility amnesia ( memory disturbance ), convulsion ( fits ), speech disorder , tremor eye inflammation or infection , small pupil size rapid or slow heartbeat , myocardial infarction ( heart attack ), palpitations , chest tightness low blood pressure asthma , shortness of breath , yawning pain and sores in mouth , tongue discolouration acne , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , skin nodule inflammation of joints protein in your urine , urinary tract infection , difficulty urinating , painful or difficult urination , blood in urine , kidney stone menstrual or vaginal problems , abnormal ejaculation sensitivity to heat or cold heat stroke not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): deterioration of brain function that is a serious complication of liver disease spinning sensation drop in blood pressure on changing position from sitting or lying down to standing sudden withdrawal syndrome caused by taking product too soon after use of illicit opioids , drug withdrawal syndrome in newborn misusing this medicine by injecting it can cause withdrawal symptoms , infections , other skin reactions and potentially serious liver problems ( see section 2 , warnings and precautions ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety 55 of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported during clinical trials in adults 65 years of age and older . mild side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at injection site fatigue headache 24 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscular pain ( myalgia ) redness at injection site ( erythema ) hardening of the skin at injection site ( induration ) diarrhoea shivering nausea loss of appetite bruising at injection site ( ecchymosis ) flu - like symptoms uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting fever (≥ 38 ) most side effects were mild or moderate and went away within 3 days of appearing . next to the above side effects , the following side effects occurred occasionally during general use of another vaccine similar to fluad tetra . reduction in the number of certain types of particles in the blood called platelets ; a low number of these can result in excessive bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ); swelling of the glands in the neck , armpit or groin ( lymphadenopathy ) swelling , pain and redness at the injection site extending to more than 10 cm and lasting more than one week ( injection site cellulitis - like reaction ) extensive swelling of injected limb lasting more than one week . allergic reactions : - sudden fall in blood pressure due to severe allergic reactions that in rare cases can lead to failure of the circulatory system to maintain adequate blood flow to the different organs ( shock ), - swelling most apparent in the head and neck , including the face , lips , tongue , throat or any other part of the body ( angioedema ). muscular weakness pain on the nerve path ( neuralgia ), unusual feeling of touch , pain , heat and cold ( paraesthesia ), fits ( convulsions ), neurological disorders that may result in stiff neck , confusion , numbness , pain and weakness of the limbs , loss of balance , loss of reflexes , paralysis of part or all the body ( encephalomyelitis , neuritis , guillain - barré syndrome ) skin reactions that may spread throughout the body including itchiness of the skin ( pruritus , urticaria ), rash severe skin rash ( erythema multiforme ) blood vessel swelling that may cause skin rashes ( vasculitis ) and temporary kidney problems reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your health care professional . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , kanjinti can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during a kanjinti infusion , chills , fever and other flu like symptoms may occur . these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other infusion - related symptoms are : feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain , increased muscle tension and shaking , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , wheezing , high or low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances ( palpitations , heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ), swelling of the face and lips , rash and feeling tired . some of these symptoms can be serious and some patients have died ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your vein ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you treatment to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the symptoms improve . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . sometimes , symptoms may improve and then get worse later . serious side effects other side effects can occur at any time during treatment with trastuzumab , not just related to an infusion . tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during treatment and occasionally after treatment has stopped and can be serious . they include weakening of the heart muscle possibly leading to heart failure , inflammation of the lining around the heart and heart rhythm disturbances . this can lead to symptoms such as breathlessness ( including breathlessness at night ), cough , fluid retention ( swelling ) in the legs or arms , palpitations ( heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ) ( see 2 . heart checks ). your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the above symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by high blood levels of potassium and phosphate , and low blood levels of calcium ). symptoms may include kidney problems ( weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and confusion ), heart problems ( fluttering of the heart of a faster or slower heartbeat ), seizures , vomiting or diarrhoea and tingling in the mouth , hands or feet . if you experience any of the above symptoms when your treatment with kanjinti has finished , you should see your doctor and tell them that you have previously been treated with kanjinti . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections diarrhoea constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) fatigue skin rashes 51 chest pain abdominal pain joint pain low counts of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which help fight infection ) sometimes with fever muscle pain conjunctivitis watery eyes nose bleeds runny nose hair loss tremor hot flush dizziness nail disorders weight loss loss of appetite inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising numbness or tingling of the fingers and toes redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet breathlessness headache cough vomiting nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions dry mouth and skin throat infections dry eyes bladder and skin infections sweating shingles feeling weak and unwell inflammation of the breast anxiety inflammation of the liver depression kidney disorders abnormal thinking increased muscle tone or tension asthma ( hypertonia ) infection of lungs pain in the arms and / or legs lung disorders itchy rash back pain sleepiness ( somnolence ) neck pain haemorrhoids bone pain itchiness acne leg cramps uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): deafness bumpy rash blood infection rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): muscle weakness jaundice inflammation or scarring of the lungs 52 other side effects that have been reported ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): abnormal or impaired blood clotting anaphylactic reactions high potassium levels swelling of the brain swelling or bleeding at the back of the eyes shock swelling of the lining of the heart slow heart rate abnormal heart rhythm respiratory distress respiratory failure acute accumulation of fluid in the lungs acute narrowing of the airways abnormally low oxygen levels in the blood difficulty in breathing when lying flat liver damage / failure swelling of the face , lips and throat kidney failure abnormally low levels of fluid around baby in womb failure of the lungs of the baby to develop in the womb abnormal development of the kidneys of the baby in the womb some of the side effects you experience may be due to your underlying cancer . if you receive kanjinti in combination with chemotherapy , some of them may also be due to the chemotherapy . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or the person giving you the infusion straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : itching , rash , shortness of breath or wheezing these may be signs of an allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). other side effects of obiltoxaximab sfl include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - infusion site pain - itching , skin rash , including an itchy raised rash ( hives ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions - dizziness - numbness - visual sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) - ear discomfort - throat irritation - hoarse voice - sinus congestion - shortness of breath - lip pain - eczema , pealing skin - muscle twitching , muscle spasms - fatigue - chills ( feeling of coldness ) - chest discomfort - pain in general , and pain affecting limbs , chest , jaw , muscles , ligaments , tendons , or bones - infusion site swelling , pain , or phlebitis ( inflamed veins ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , onsenal can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , tell your doctor or pharmacist . the side effects listed below were observed in arthritis patients who took medicines with the same active ingredient as onsenal : stop taking the capsules and tell your doctor immediately − if you have an allergic reaction such as skin rash , swelling of the face , wheezing or difficulty breathing − if you have heart problems such as pain in the chest − if you have liver failure ( symptoms may include nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , jaundice ( your skin or the whites of your eyes look yellow )) − if you have blistering or peeling of the skin − if you have severe stomach pain or any sign of bleeding in the stomach or intestines , such as passing black or bloodstained bowel movements , or vomiting blood common side effects which may affect more than 1 person in 100 , are listed below - fluid build up with swollen ankles , legs and / or hands - urinary infections - sinusitis ( sinus inflammation , sinus infection , blocked or painful sinuses ), blocked or runny nose , sore throat , coughs , colds , flu - like symptoms - dizziness , difficulty sleeping - stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , wind - rash , itching 47 - muscle stiffness - worsening of existing allergies uncommon side effects which may affect more than 1 person in a 1000 , are listed below : − heart failure , palpitations ( awareness of heart beat ), fast heart rate − worsening of existing high blood pressure − abnormalities in liver - related blood tests − abnormalities in kidney - related blood tests − anaemia ( changes in red blood cells that can cause fatigue and breathlessness ) − anxiety , depression , tiredness , drowsiness , tingling sensations ( pins and needles ) − high levels of potassium in blood test results ( can cause nausea ( feeling sick ), fatigue , muscle weakness or palpitations ) − impaired or blurred vision , ringing in the ears , mouth pain and soresconstipation , burping , stomach inflammation ( indigestion , stomach ache or vomiting ), worsening of inflammation of the stomach or intestine . − leg cramps − raised itchy rash ( hives ) rare side effects which may affect more than 1 person in a 10 , 000 , are listed below − ulcers ( bleeding ) in the stomach , gullet or intestines ; or rupture of the intestine ( can cause stomach ache , fever , nausea , vomiting , intestinal blockage ), dark or black stools , inflammation of the gullet ( can cause difficulty in swallowing ), inflammation of the pancreas ( can lead to stomach pain ) − reduced number of white blood cells ( which help protect the body from infection ) and blood platelets ( increased chance of bleeding or bruising ) − difficulty coordinating muscular movements − feeling confused , changes in the way things taste − increased sensitivity to light − loss of hair additional reactions have been reported from actual use of the active ingredient of onsenal ( in post - marketing experience ). the frequencies of these reactions are difficult to determine but are generally considered to be very rare ( affecting less than 1 person in every 10 , 000 ) − bleeding within the brain causing death − serious allergic reactions ( including potentially fatal anaphylactic shock ) which can cause skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , wheezing or difficulty breathing ; difficulty swallowing − bleeding of the stomach or intestines ( can lead to bloody stools or vomiting ), inflammation of the intestine or colon , nausea ( feeling sick ) − serious skin conditions such as stevens - johnson syndrome , exfoliative dermatitis and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( can cause rash , blistering or peeling of the skin ) − liver failure , liver damage and severe liver inflammation ( sometimes fatal or requiring liver transplant ). symptoms may include nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , jaundice , yellow discolouration of the skin or eyes , dark urine , pale stools , bleeding easily , itching or chills − kidney problems ( possible kidney failure , inflammation of the kidneys ) − blood clot in the blood vessels in the lungs . symptoms may include sudden breathlessness , sharp pains when you breathe or collapse − irregular heartbeat − meningitis ( inflammation of the membrane around the brain and spinal cord ) − hallucinations − worsening of epilepsy ( possible more frequent and / or severe seizures ) − inflamed blood vessels ( can cause fever , aches , purple blotches on the skin ) − blockage of an artery or vein in the eye leading to partial or complete loss of vision , conjunctivitis , eye infection ( pink eye ), bleeding in the eye − a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ( may cause tiredness , easy bruising , frequent nose bleeds and increased risk of infections ) − chest pain 48 − impaired sense of smell − skin discolouration ( bruising ), muscle pain and weakness , painful joints − menstrual disturbances − headache , flushing − low levels of sodium in blood test results ( can cause loss of appetite , headache , nausea ( feeling sick ), muscle cramps and weakness ) in clinical studies where onsenal was taken for up to 3 years to prevent spontaneous colon polyps , the following additional side effects have been observed ( side effects marked with an asterisk were more common in these studies than in arthritis studies ): very common side - effects ( affecting more than 1 person in every 10 ): − high blood pressure *, diarrhoea * common − heart problems : heart attack *, angina ( chest pain ) − stomach problems : nausea , heartburn , diverticulum ( a problem with the stomach or intestine that can become painful or infected ), vomiting *, irritable bowel syndrome ( can include stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , wind ) − kidney stones ( which may lead to stomach or back pain , blood in urine ), difficulty passing urine , increased creatinine ( blood test result related to kidney function ) − difficulty breathing − muscle spasms − oedema ( water retention that can cause swelling ) − enlarged or inflamed prostate , prostate specific antigen increased ( lab test ) − infections of various types − weight gain uncommon − stroke − unstable angina ( chest pain ), troubles with heart valves , rhythm , or coronary arteries , or enlarged heart − deep vein thrombosis ( blood clot usually in the leg , which may cause pain , swelling or redness of the calf or breathing problems ), bruising − stomach infection ( which can cause irritation and ulcers of the stomach and intestines ), bleeding from piles / haemorrhoids , frequent bowel movements , inflamed or bleeding gums / mouth sores − lower limb fracture , tendon rupture or inflammation − shingles , skin infection , allergic dermatitis ( dry itchy rash ) − floaters or haemorrhage in the eye causing blurred or impaired vision , vertigo due to inner ear troubles , difficulty speaking − difficulty sleeping , excessive urination at night − fatty lumps in skin or elsewhere , ganglion cyst ( harmless swellings on or around joints and tendons in the hand or foot ) − abnormal or heavy bleeding from the vagina , painful menstruation , breast pain , ovarian cyst , menopausal symptoms − high levels of sodium or haemoglobin and low levels of hematocrit or testosterone in blood test results − decreased hearing − changes in blood counts
like all medicines , photobarr can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . all patients who receive photobarr will be photosensitive ( sensitive to light ) and must observe precautions to avoid direct sunlight and bright indoor light ( see above ' how to prevent a photosensitivity reaction '). tell your doctor immediately : - if you notice a change in your eyesight . you should visit your eye specialist . - if you are not able to swallow at all or repeated vomiting occurs side effects may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined as follows : very common : affects more than 1 user in 10 common : affects 1 to 10 users in 100 uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . very common side effects - fever - photosensitivity reactions ( see section 3 ) - vomiting , nausea - tightening of the gullet ( oesophagus ), difficulty in swallowing that may cause pain - constipation , dehydration common side effects - back pain , pain in arms and legs , pain due to treatment - headache , feeling nervous , tingling feeling , problems sleeping - abdominal stiffness , stomach pain , vomiting blood - disorders of the gullet such as ulcer , irritation or constriction - loose stools , passing dark tarry stool , sore throat , hiccups , belching - fluid in chest , chest pain , fast heart beat , shortness of breath , shakes due to high fever , chills - loss of weight , decrease in appetite , feeling tired , loss of taste - skin ulcer , rash , itchiness , hives , change in skin colour , scratch , scar , abnormal tissue , bump on the skin , very small cysts in the skin , dry and fragile skin uncommon side effects - difficulty breathing , decrease in level of oxygen , choking , swelling of the airways , fluid in airways , shortness of breath during physical activity , wheezing , coughing up more phlegm , coughing up blood , stuffy nose - lung infection , sinus infection - chest pain or heart attack , high blood pressure or low blood pressure , chest discomfort - abnormal blood test results , including increase in white blood cells , low potassium levels - bleeding , loss of blood , increased tendency to bruise - over development of breasts in men , inability to urinate , temperature intolerance , cold sweats , night sweats - general swelling , general pain , musculoskeletal chest pain , stiffness of joint , inflammation of the heel - shakes , restlessness , dizziness , numbness , flushes , feeling weak , feeling unwell - loss of hearing , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eye , eye pain - rash , redness at the injection site , nail fungal infection , skin infection , blister , itchy skin , overgrowth of tissue at the site of skin injury , scar pain , scab , presence of skin moles , abnormal hair growth frequency not known side effects - lung infection - lower number of red cells in your blood - cataract - lesion in intestine , abnormal opening between the wind pipe and the food pipe - allergic reaction - blood clots in your vessels , blockage of blood arteries , inflammation of a vein if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . 5 . how to store photobarr keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use photobarr after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and vial after exp . do not store above 25 . keep the vial in the outer carton in order to protect from light . after reconstitution , photobarr solution should be protected from light and used immediately ( within 3 hours ). chemical and physical in - use stability has been demonstrated for 3 hours at 23 . from a microbiological point of view , the product should be used immediately . if not used immediately , in - use storage time and conditions prior to use are the responsibility of the user . 6 . further information what photobarr contains - the active substance is porfimer sodium . each vial contains 15 mg of porfimer sodium . after reconstitution , each ml solution contains 2 . 5 mg porfimer sodium . - the other ingredients are hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide ( for ph adjustment ). what photobarr looks like and contents of the pack photobarr is a reddish brown powder for solution for injection . one single - use vial per pack . marketing authorisation holder pinnacle biologics b . v ., p / a trust company amsterdam b . v ., crystal tower 21st floor , orlyplein 10 , 1043 dp amsterdam , the netherlands manufacturer axcan pharma sas , route de bû , 78550 houdan , france this leaflet was last approved in for any information about this medicine , please contact the marketing authorisation holder . detailed information on this medicine is available on the european medicines agency web site : 48 package leaflet : information for the user photobarr 75 mg powder for solution for injection porfimer sodium read all of this leaflet carefully before you start using this medicine . - keep this leaflet . you may need to read it again - if you have any further questions , please ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what photobarr is and what it is used for 2 . before you use photobarr 3 . how to use photobarr 4 . possible side effects
like all medicines , cinryze can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this can include allergic - type reactions . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms after taking this medicine . although they are rare , the symptoms can be severe . sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting the whole body ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): hypersensitivity , dizziness , vomiting , rash , itching or redness , injection site rash or pain , fever . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): high blood sugar , blood clot , painful veins , hot flush , cough , stomach pain , diarrhoea , skin flaking , joint swelling and pain , muscle pain , and chest discomfort . side effects in children and adolescents are expected to be similar to those in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects related to the first infusion are very common ( occurring in more than 30 % of patients ) but are less common following subsequent infusions . the majority of the side effects , such as fever and chills , pain in the muscles or joints , and headache , occur within the first three days following the dose of zoledronic acid teva generics . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor can recommend a mild pain reliever such as ibuprofen or paracetamol to reduce these side effects . the chance of experiencing these side effects decreases with subsequent doses of zoledronic acid teva generics . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving zoledronic acid teva generics for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis . it is currently unclear whether zoledronic acid teva generics causes this irregular heart rhythm but you should report it to your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid teva generics . swelling and / or pain at the infusion site may occur . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin reactions such as redness . swelling , redness , pain and itching to the eyes or eye sensitivity to light . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) pain in the mouth , teeth and jaw , swelling or sores inside the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms . kidney disorders ( e . g . decreased urine output ) may occur . your doctor should do a blood test to check your kidney function before each dose of zoledronic acid teva generics . it is important for you to drink at least 2 glasses of fluid ( such as water ), within a few hours before receiving zoledronic acid teva generics , as directed by your healthcare provider . if you experience any of the above side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . zoledronic acid teva generics may also cause other side effects very common : ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , sickness , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the muscles , pain in the bones and / or joints , pain in the back , arms or legs , flu - like symptoms ( e . g . tiredness , chills , joint and muscle pain ), chills , feeling of tiredness and lack of interest , weakness , pain , feeling unwell . in patients with paget ' s disease , symptoms due to low blood calcium , such as muscle spasms , or numbness , or a tingling sensation especially in the area around the mouth have been reported . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu , upper respiratory tract infections , decreased red cell count , loss of appetite , sleeplessness , sleepiness which may include reduced alertness and awareness , tingling sensation or numbness , extreme tiredness , trembling , temporary loss of consciousness , eye infection or irritation or inflammation with pain and redness , spinning sensation , increased blood pressure , flushing , cough , shortness of breath , upset stomach , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , heartburn , skin rash , excessive sweating , itching , skin reddening , neck pain , stiffness in muscles , bones and / or joints , joint swelling , muscle spasms , shoulder pain , pain in your chest muscles and rib cage , joint inflammation , muscular weakness , abnormal kidney test results , abnormal frequent urination , swelling of hands , ankles or feet , thirst , toothache , taste disturbances . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reactions including dizziness and difficulty breathing , swelling mainly of the face and throat , decreased blood pressure , dehydration secondary to post - dose symptoms such as fever , vomiting and diarrhoea . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , sleepiness , constipation , elevated liver function test , dizziness , balance disorders , shortness of breath , high blood pressure and drug hypersensitivity uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , fungal infections , confusion , hallucinations , vomiting , abnormal gait , heart failure and venous blood clotting ( thrombosis / thromboembolism ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the liver and psychotic reactions alzheimer ' s disease has been associated with depression , suicidal ideation and suicide . these events have been reported in patients treated with memantine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately : 36 if you start to get numbness or tingling around the mouth , muscle aches or cramps and seizures . these may be signs that your calcium levels are too low ( hypocalcaemia ). if you experience swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other possible side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nausea and vomiting , these side effects are normally quite mild and do not last for long . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness numbness or tingling sensation ( paraesthesia ) loss ( anorexia ) or decrease of appetite muscle pain ( myalgia ) weakness ( asthenia ) rash reduced testosterone levels high potassium levels in the blood ( hyperkalaemia ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache seizures ( convulsions or fits ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) upper respiratory infection breathing difficulties ( dyspnoea ) cough indigestion ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea abdominal pain , abdominal pain - upper constipation muscle spasms back pain low calcium levels in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ). not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data hives ( urticaria ). swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). unusually fast or pounding heart beat which may be associated with low levels of calcium in your blood ( qt prolongation and ventricular arrhythmia secondary to hypocalcaemia ). after taking cinacalcet a very small number of patients with heart failure had worsening of their condition and / or low blood pressure ( hypotension ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking aprovel and contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with aprovel were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you suffer from high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , blood tests may show an increased level of potassium . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick / vomiting , fatigue and blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine kinase enzyme ). in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , dizziness when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in joints or muscles and decreased levels of a protein in the red blood cells ( haemoglobin ) were also reported . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heart rate increased , flushing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion / heartburn , sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ), chest pain . some undesirable effects have been reported since marketing of aprovel . undesirable effects where the frequency is not known are : feeling of spinning , headache , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , muscle cramps , pain in joints and muscles , reduced number of platelets , abnormal liver function , increased blood potassium levels , impaired kidney function , inflammation of small blood vessels mainly affecting the skin ( a condition known as leukocytoclastic vasculitis ), and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following diseases are reported more often in women using hrt medicines which circulate in the blood compared to women not using hrt . these risks apply less to vaginally administered oestrogen treatments : breast cancer ; ovarian cancer ; blood clots in the veins of the legs or lungs ( venous thromboembolism ); stroke ; probable memory loss if hrt is started over the age of 65 . for more information about these side effects , see section 2 . the side effect the most frequently reported in the clinical studies was vaginal discharge . this is likely due to melting of the hard fat added to an expected increase in vaginal secretions due to treatment . vaginal discharge does not require to stop intrarosa . the following adverse effects were also reported : − with a common frequency ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abnormal pap smear ( mostly ascus or lgsil ), weight fluctuations ( either increase or decrease ); − with a uncommon frequency ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): benign cervical or uterine polyps , benign breast mass . the following side effects have been reported with hrt containing estrogens but not with intrarosa during clinical trials : gall bladder disease various skin disorders : - discoloration of the skin especially of the face or neck known as " pregnancy patches " ( chloasma ); - painful reddish skin nodules ( erythema nodosum ); - rash with target - shaped reddening or sores ( erythema multiforme ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience a reaction to the infusion including any of the following symptoms : flushing of the face and upper body , hives , itching and / or rashes ( red man syndrome ) wheezing ; shortness of breath ; swelling around throat or under the skin that develops over a short period of time ; shivering or trembling ; rapid or weak pulse ; chest pain or tightness ; decrease in blood pressure ( which could make you feel faint or dizzy ). such reactions may be life - threatening . other side effects occur with the following frequencies : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 patients ): fewer red blood cells or less haemoglobin than normal ; feeling dizzy ; headache ; feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; constipation ; pain or irritation where the injection was given ; itching , skin rash ; muscle pain ; more enzymes produced by your liver ( as shown in blood tests ); heart racing or beating fast ; infection getting worse or new infection at another site on your skin ; swollen , red area of skin or underneath skin that feels hot and tender ; accumulation of pus underneath the skin . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 patients ): higher than normal levels of eosinophils , a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ); low blood sugar ; high uric acid levels in the blood ; increased blood bilirubin levels ; severe rash ; flushing ; inflammation surrounding a tendon ( known as tenosynovitis ); bone infection caused by bacteria ( known as osteomyelitis ); reduced blood platelet count below the normal lower limit ( known as thrombocytopenia ); abdominal pain chest pain fever shortness of breath rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 patients ): headache , fatigue , somnolence that might be symptoms of hypoxia ; back pain neck pain chills tremor . reporting of side effects 26 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects were seen while patients were being given the medicine or shortly after ( infusion reactions ). the most serious side effects may include an allergic reaction ( seen very commonly [ may affect more than 1 in 10 people ] in infants younger than 6 months old , or commonly [ may affect up to 1 in 10 people ] in children and adults ) with symptoms including difficulty breathing , swelling of the throat , rapid breathing , fast heartbeat , chest discomfort , mild swelling of eyelids , red eyes , runny nose , flushing , and hives . if you or your child experiences symptoms like these , seek immediate medical attention . if you or your child has an infusion reaction you or your child may be given additional medicines to treat or help prevent future reactions . if the infusion reaction is severe , your doctor may stop the infusion of kanuma in the vein and start giving appropriate medical treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects reported in infants ( 1 to 6 months old ) are : eyelid swelling agitation high blood pressure decreased muscle tone difficulty breathing wheezing paleness stuffy or swollen nose sneezing cough heartburn ( reflux diseases ) dry heaving diarrhoea hives rash vomiting itching raised rash red swollen skin fever swelling chills rapid breathing decreased oxygen in the blood fast heartbeat irritability common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects reported in children and adolescents ( 4 to 18 years old ) and adults are : severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) infection of the urinary system swelling of the eyelids temporary increased cholesterol or triglyceride ( fats ) levels in the blood fast heartbeat anxiety sleeplessness dizziness low blood pressure redness in face shortness of breath swelling of the throat diarrhoea stomach ache stomach bloating nausea hives rash 29 itching red swollen skin increased menstrual bleeding shivers chest discomfort swelling tiredness hardened area around the infusion site fever frequency , type and severity of adverse reactions in children are the same as in adults . reporting of side effects if you or your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - anxiety , headache , fever , tiredness ; - feeling and being sick , diarrhoea ( loose bowels ); - flushing , itching and inflamed skin , inflammation of mucus ( moist ) linings such as the mouth and other areas ; - you may have more infections than normal because ivozall can lower the number of certain types of blood cells in your body ; - skin rashes which may be itchy , red , painful or peeling skin including palms of the hands and soles of the feet , or small reddish or purple spots underneath the skin . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections of the blood , pneumonia , shingles , implant infections , infections of the mouth such as thrush and cold sores ; - changes in blood chemistry , changes in white blood cells ; - allergic reactions ; - feeling thirsty and producing darker or less urine than normal , decreased or loss of appetite , weight loss ; - agitation , irritability , or restlessness ; - feeling numb or weak in the arms and legs , numbness of the skin , sleepiness , dizziness , tremor ; - hearing problems ; - water collecting around the heart , fast heartbeat ; - low blood pressure , lump due to bad bruising ; 31 - leaking from tiny blood vessels , rapid breathing , nosebleeds , breathing difficulties , breathlessness , cough ; - vomiting blood , stomach ache , pain in the bottom ; - bleeding inside the head , stomach , intestine or lungs , mouth or gums , mouth ulcers , inflamed mouth lining ; - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( also called jaundice ), or other liver disorders ; - bruising , hair loss , changes to skin colour , increased sweating , dry skin , or other skin problems ; - pain in the chest wall or bones , neck or back pain , pain in limbs , muscles , or joints ; - blood in urine ; - failure of organs , pain , increased muscle tension , water retention and swelling in parts of the body , including the arms and legs , changes in mental state , feeling hot , cold or abnormal ; - clofarabine may affect the levels of certain substances in the blood . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check whether your body is working properly ; - liver damage ( liver failure ). - little or no urine , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , breathlessness , loss of appetite and / or weakness ( possible signs of acute kidney failure or kidney failure ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . nausea and headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itchy red raised bumps ( contact dermatitis / local skin reactions ) have been seen with the on - body injector . pain at the site of injection . application site reactions which may include redness , bleeding , bruising , pain and discomfort have been seen with the on - body injector . general aches and pains in the joints and muscles . some changes may occur in your blood , but these will be detected by routine blood tests . your white blood cell count may become high for a short period of time . your platelet count may become low which might result in bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including redness and flushing , skin rash , and raised areas of the skin that itch . serious allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ). increased spleen size . spleen rupture . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor . sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever ) has occurred but other factors may play a role . cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). damage to the tiny filters inside your kidneys ( glomerulonephritis ). redness at the site of injection . coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ). blood disorders ( myelodysplastic syndrome [ mds ] or acute myeloid leukaemia [ aml ]). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ). stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using neulasta if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur up to 4 months or more after the last hyrimoz injection . seek medical attention urgently , if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction or heart failure : severe rash , hives ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible , if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired or coughing ; symptoms of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness ; signs of skin cancer such as a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; pain in the muscles . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious infections ( including blood poisoning and influenza ); intestinal infections ( including gastroenteritis ); skin infections ( including cellulitis and shingles ); ear infections ; mouth infections ( including tooth infections and cold sores ); reproductive tract infections ; urinary tract infection ; fungal infections ; joint infections ; benign tumours ; skin cancer ; allergic reactions ( including seasonal allergy ); dehydration ; mood swings ( including depression ); anxiety ; difficulty sleeping ; sensation disorders such as tingling , prickling or numbness ; migraine ; symptoms of nerve root compression ( including low back pain and leg pain ); vision disturbances ; eye inflammation ; inflammation of the eye lid and eye swelling ; vertigo ( sensation of room spinning ); sensation of heart beating rapidly ; high blood pressure ; flushing ; haematoma ( a solid swelling with clotted blood ); cough ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; gastrointestinal bleeding ; dyspepsia ( indigestion , bloating , heart burn ); acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; inflammation of the skin ( such as eczema ); breaking of finger nails and toe nails ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; kidney problems ; chest pain ; oedema ( a build - up of fluid in the body which causes the affected tissue to swell ); fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) unusual infections ( which include tuberculosis and other infections ) that occur when resistance to disease is lowered ; neurological infections ( including viral meningitis ); eye infections ; bacterial infections ; diverticulitis ( inflammation and infection of the large intestine ); cancer , including cancer that affects the lymph system ( lymphoma ) and melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ); immune disorders that could affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( most commonly as a condition called sarcoidosis ); vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ); tremor ; neuropathy ( nerve damage ); stroke ; double vision ; hearing loss , buzzing ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; heart problems that can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling ; heart attack ; a sac in the wall of a major artery , inflammation and clot of a vein ; blockage of a blood vessel ; lung diseases causing shortness of breath ( including inflammation ); pulmonary embolism ( blockage in an artery of the lung ); pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the pleural space ); inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling ); gallbladder inflammation , gallbladder stones ; fatty liver ( build - up of fat in liver cells ); night sweats ; scar ; abnormal muscle breakdown ; systemic lupus erythematosus ( an immune disorder including inflammation of skin , heart , lung , joints and other organ systems ); sleep interruptions ; impotence ; inflammations . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ); severe allergic reaction with shock ; multiple sclerosis ; nerve disorders ( such as inflammation of the optic nerve to the eye , and guillain - barré syndrome , a condition that may cause muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms and upper body ); heart stops pumping ; pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ); intestinal perforation ( hole in the wall of the gut ); hepatitis ( liver inflammation ); reactivation of hepatitis b infection ; autoimmune hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ); cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ); 93 stevens - johnson syndrome ( life - threatening reaction with flu - like symptoms and blistering rash ); facial oedema ( swelling ) associated with allergic reactions ; erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash ); lupus - like syndrome ; angioedema ( localised swelling of the skin ); lichenoid skin reaction ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ) hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ( a rare blood cancer that is often fatal ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ); liver failure ; worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ). some side effects observed with adalimumab may not have symptoms and may only be discovered through blood tests . these include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for red blood cells ; increased lipids in the blood ; raised liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for sodium ; low blood measurements for calcium ; low blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; autoantibodies present in the blood ; low blood potassium . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) raised bilirubin measurement ( liver blood test ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . daurismo may cause severe birth defects . it may also lead to the death of a baby before it is born or shortly after being born . you must not become pregnant while taking this medicine ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you take daurismo "). other side effects with daurismo , in combination with cytarabine , include : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - low haemoglobin - bleeding - fever - nausea - loss of appetite - muscle pain - feeling tired - decrease in the number of platelets in the blood - diarrhoea - pneumonia - changes in taste - swelling of arms and legs - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - rash - shortness of breath - vomiting - weight loss 42 - decrease in the number of white blood cells - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - joint pain - hair loss common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - changes in the electrical activity of the heart - heart palpitations - blood infection - burning sensation during urination and frequent and urgent need to urinate ( may be symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - mouth irritation reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . however , it is difficult to distinguish them from frequent complications occurring in premature babies and complications due to the disease . while under treatment with gencebok , your newborn may experience some of the following reactions : serious side effects side effects where the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - serious intestinal disease with bloody stools ( necrotising enterocolitis ) the following other side effects may also be considered serious by your baby ' s doctor in the context of the global clinical evaluation . other side effects common reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - local inflammatory reactions at the infusion site - cardiac disorders such as fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - changes of sugar in blood or serum ( hyperglycaemia ) uncommon reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stimulation of central nervous system such as convulsion - cardiac disorders such as irregular heart beat ( arrhythmia ) rare reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions side effects where the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - bloodstream infection ( sepsis ) - changes of sugar in blood or serum ( hypoglycaemia ), failure to grow , feeding intolerance - stimulation of central nervous system such as irritability , nervousness and restlessness ; brain injury - deafness - regurgitation , increase in stomach aspirate - increase of urine flow , increase of certain urine components ( sodium and calcium ) - changes in blood tests ( reduced levels of haemoglobin after prolonged treatment and reduced thyroid hormone at the start of treatment ) reporting of side effects if your newborn gets any side effects , talk to your baby ' s doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most serious side effects side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reaction with low blood pressure ( shock ) side effects reported with a frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) the most frequent side effect is hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ). serious hypoglycaemia may cause a heart attack or brain damage and may be life - threatening . for further information on the side effects of low blood sugar or high blood sugar , see the box at the end of this leaflet . severe allergic reactions to insulin may occur which may become life - threatening . such reactions to insulin or to the excipients can cause large - scale skin reactions ( rash and itching all over the body ), severe swelling of skin or mucous membranes ( angiooedema ), shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure with rapid heart beat and sweating . other side effects side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) oedema insulin treatment may cause temporary build - up of water in the body with swelling in the calves and ankles . injection site reactions 221 side effects reported uncommonly injection site urticaria ( itchy rash ) side effects reported with a frequency not known sodium retention eye reactions a marked change ( improvement or worsening ) in your blood sugar control can disturb your vision temporarily . if you have proliferative retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes ) severe hypoglycaemic attacks may cause temporary loss of vision . skin changes at the injection site if you inject your insulin too often at the same skin site , fatty tissue under the skin at this site may either shrink ( lipoatrophy ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy ). lumps under the skin may also be caused by build - up of a protein called amyloid ( cutaneous amyloidosis ). the insulin may not work very well if you inject into a lumpy area . change the injection site with each injection to help prevent these skin changes . skin and allergic reactions other mild reactions at the injection site ( such as injection site redness , unusually intense pain on injection site , itching , injection site swelling or injection site inflammation ) may occur . they can also spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually resolve in a few days to a few weeks . insulin antibodies insulin treatment can cause the body to produce antibodies to insulin ( substances that act against insulin ). however , only very rarely , this will require a change to your insulin dose . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if the following happens to you , stop using osseor and talk to your doctor immediately : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): − heart attack : sudden crushing pains in your chest which may reach your left arm , jaw , stomach , back and / or shoulders . other symptoms may be nausea / vomiting , sweating , shortness of breath , palpitations , ( extreme ) tiredness and / or dizziness . heart attack may occur commonly in patients at high risk for heart disease . your doctor will not prescribe osseor for you if you are at particular risk . − blood clots in veins : pain , redness , swelling in your leg , sudden chest pain or difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): − signs of severe hypersensitivity reactions ( dress ): initially as flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature ( uncommon ), increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests ( uncommon ) an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) ( rare ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( uncommon ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): − signs of potentially life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ): initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . additional signs may include ulcers in the mouth , throat , nose , genitals and conjunctivitis ( red and swollen eyes ). these potentially life - threatening skin rashes are often accompanied by flu - like symptoms . the rash may progress to widespread blistering or peeling of the skin . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): itching , hives , skin rash , angioedema ( such as swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), bone , limb , muscle and / or joint pain , muscle cramps . common : vomiting , abdominal pain , reflux , indigestion , constipation , flatulence , difficulty in sleeping , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), swelling in limbs , bronchial hyperreactivity ( symptoms include 38 wheezing and shortness of breath and cough ), increased level of a muscle enzyme ( creatine phosphokinase ), increased levels of cholesterol . nausea , diarrhoea , headache , eczema , memory trouble , fainting fit , pins and needles , dizziness , vertigo . however , these effects were mild and short - lived and usually did not cause the patients to stop taking their treatment . talk to your doctor if any effects become troublesome or persist . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , oral irritation ( such as mouth ulcers and gum inflammation ), hair loss , feeling confused , feeling unwell , dry mouth , skin irritation . rare : reduction in production of blood cells in the bone marrow . if you have stopped treatment due to hypersensitivity reactions , do not take osseor again reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , quixidar can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 100 people treated with quixidar . bleeding ( for example from an operation site , an existing stomach ulcer , nosebleed , gums ) anaemia ( a reduction in the number of red blood cells ). uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people treated with quixidar . bruising or swelling ( oedema ) feeling sick or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) chest pain breathlessness rash or itchy skin oozing from operation wound site fever reduction or increase in the number of platelets ( blood cells necessary for blood clotting ) increase in some chemicals ( enzymes ) produced by the liver . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in every 1000 people treated with quixidar . allergic reaction internal bleeding in the brain or abdomen anxiety or confusion headache fainting or dizziness , low blood pressure drowsiness or tiredness flushing coughing leg pain or stomach pain diarrhoea or constipation indigestion wound infection increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood reduction in potassium in your blood . if you get side effects → tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects gets severe or troublesome , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as pain , redness or rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been seen in studies : 24 common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people fast heartbeat restlessness with increased body movement dry mouth dizziness sore throat decreased appetite constipation tiredness headache trouble sleeping nervousness drowsiness uncommon : the following may affect up to 1 in 100 people pounding or irregular heart beat increased body movement flushing hot flush confusion blurry vision dry eye nose bleeds irritated nose inflammation of the nose runny nose inflammation of the sinus dry throat stomach ache stomach flu feeling sick ( nausea ) abnormal stool painful or difficult urination sugar in urine increased sugar in blood thirst problems urinating changes in frequency of urination itching chills decreased sense of smell abnormal liver function tests agitation anxiety irritability very rarely : the following other side effects reported during the marketing of desloratadine , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , hives and swelling ) rash vomiting diarrhoea hallucination muscle pain convulsion liver inflammation abnormal liver function tests not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data abnormal behaviour aggression changes in the way the heart beats weight increased , increased appetite cases of severe skin reactions , including signs and symptoms such as fever , reddening of the skin , or many small pimples , have been reported with pseudoephedrine - containing products . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with luxturna : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) deposits under the retina the following side effects may happen with the injection procedure : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness of the eye cataract ( clouding of the lens ) increased pressure in the eye 32 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) break in the retina eye pain eye swelling detachment of the retina nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , abdominal ( belly ) pain , lip pain change of the electrical activity of the heart headache , dizziness rash , facial swelling anxiety problems associated with the placement of a breathing tube in the windpipe breakdown of the surgical wound not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) clouding in the gel - like substance inside the eye ( vitreous opacities ) damage to the tissues of the eye may be accompanied by bleeding and swelling and an increased risk of infection . there is reduced vision in the days after surgery that usually improves ; tell your doctor if vision does not return . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , but not everyone gets them . when you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of epivir or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . as well as the side effects listed below for epivir , other conditions can develop during combination therapy for hiv . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : headache feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pains tiredness , lack of energy fever ( high temperature ) general feeling of being unwell muscle pain and discomfort joint pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) cough irritated or runny nose rash hair loss ( alopecia ). uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : uncommon side effects that may show up in blood tests are : a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ) a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) or low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) an increase in the level of liver enzymes . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : serious allergic reaction causing swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) breakdown of muscle tissue liver disorders , such as jaundice , enlarged liver or fatty liver , inflammation ( hepatitis ). a rare side effect that may show up in blood tests is : an increase in an enzyme called amylase . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) tingling or numbness of the arms , legs , hands or feet . a very rare side effect that may show up in blood tests is : a failure of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia ). if you get side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects gets severe or troublesome , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet . other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv combination therapy including epivir may cause other conditions to develop during hiv treatment . old infections may flare up people with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems , and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). when these people start treatment , they may find that old , hidden infections flare up , causing signs and symptoms of inflammation . these symptoms are probably caused by the body ' s immune system becoming stronger , so that the body starts to fight these infections . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection while you are taking epivir : tell your doctor immediately . do not take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue die because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids if they drink alcohol if their immune systems are very weak if they are overweight . signs of osteonecrosis include : stiffness in the joints aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) difficulty moving . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 59 listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions , angioedema ). you should see a doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as rashes , itching and rapid swelling of the tissues of the neck , face , mouth or throat , hives and difficulties breathing . - inflamed pancreas ( acute pancreatitis ) which could cause severe pain in the stomach and back which does not go away . you should see a doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . not known : the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - bowel obstruction - a severe form of constipation with additional symptoms such as stomach ache , bloating or vomiting . you should see a doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - nausea ( feeling sick ) - vomiting ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain . these side effects are usually not severe . they are most common when first starting dulaglutide but decrease over time in most patients . - hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) is very common when dulaglutide is used with medicines that contain metformin , a sulphonylurea and / or insulin . if you are taking a sulphonylurea or insulin , the dose may need to be lowered while you use dulaglutide . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - hypoglycaemia is common when dulaglutide is used alone , or with both metformin and pioglitazone together , or with a sodium - glucose co - transporter 2 inhibitor ( sglt2i ) with or without metformin . - symptoms of low blood sugar may include headache , drowsiness , weakness , dizziness , feeling hungry , confusion , irritability , fast heartbeat and sweating . your doctor should tell you how to treat low blood sugar . - feeling less hungry ( decreased appetite ) - indigestion - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - bloating of the stomach - gastroesophageal reflux disease - a disease caused by stomach acid coming up into the tube from your stomach to your mouth - burping - feeling tired - increased heart rate - slowing of the electrical currents in the heart uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - injection site reactions ( e . g . rash or redness ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) ( e . g . swelling , raised itchy skin rash ( hives )) - dehydration , often associated with nausea , vomiting and / or diarrhoea - gallstones - inflamed gallbladder 87 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop taking farydak and seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following : difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps ( potential signs of an allergic reaction ) severe headache , feeling weak or paralysis of limbs or face , difficulty speaking , sudden loss of consciousness ( potential signs of nervous system problems such as bleeding or swelling in the skull or brain ) fast breathing , feeling dizzy sudden and crushing chest pain , feeling tired , irregular heartbeat ( potential signs of a heart attack ) coughing up blood , oozing of bloody fluid from the nose ( signs of bleeding in the lungs ) vomiting blood , black or bloody stools , passage of fresh blood through the anus , usually in or with stools ( signs of gastrointestinal bleeding ) difficulty in breathing with blueness around the mouth , which could lead to loss of consciousness ( sign of serious lung problems ) fever , chest pain , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath or rapid breathing ( signs of blood poisoning , which is also known as sepsis ) chest pain or discomfort , changes in heartbeat ( faster or slower ), palpitations , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , blue discolouration of your lips , shortness of breath , swelling of lower limbs or skin ( signs of heart problems ) tell a doctor or a pharmacist straight away if you notice any of these side effects : stomach or abdominal pain , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , black or bloody stools , constipation , heartburn , swelling or bloating of the abdomen ( signs of a gastrointestinal problem ) new or worsening symptoms such as cough with or without mucus , fever , difficult or painful breathing , wheezing , pain in chest when breathing , shortness of breath or , difficulty breathing , pain or burning feeling when passing urine , exaggerated sense of needing to pass urine , blood in urine ( signs of an infection in the lungs or urinary tract ) fever , sore throat , or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) sudden bleeding or bruising underneath the skin ( signs of low level of blood platelets ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , fever ( signs of an inflamed colon ) light - headedness , particularly when standing up ( a sign of low blood pressure ) feeling thirsty , low urine output , weight loss , dry flushed skin , irritability ( signs of dehydration ) swollen ankles ( a sign of a low level of albumin in the blood which is known as hypoalbuminaemia ) feeling tired , itching , yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , nausea or vomiting , loss of appetite , pain on the right side of your stomach , dark or brown urine , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ( signs of a liver problem ) severely decreased urine output , swelling of the legs ( signs of a kidney problem ) muscle weakness , muscle spasms , unusual heartbeat ( signs of changes in the level of potassium in the blood ) other possible side effects if any of the side effects below becomes severe , tell your doctor , or your pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired ( fatigue ), pale skin . these could be signs of a low level of red blood cells . decreased appetite or weight loss difficulty falling or staying asleep ( insomnia ) headache 45 feeling dizzy , tired or weak vomiting , nausea , upset stomach , indigestion swelling of the legs or arms reduced blood level of phosphate or sodium common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash of small fluid - filled blisters , appearing on reddened skin , mouth or gums ( signs of a potentially severe viral infection ) inflamed ear , nose bleed or bleeding in the white of the eye , bruising , inflamed skin caused by infection ( rash , red skin , which is also known as erythema ) abdominal pain , diarrhoea , swelling or bloating of the abdomen ( signs of inflamed stomach lining ) oral thrush ( yeast infection of the mouth ) feeling thirsty , high urine output , increased appetite with weight loss ( signs of a high level of sugar in the blood ) fast weight gain , swelling of hands , ankles , feet or face ( signs of water retention ) reduced level of calcium in the blood , sometimes leading to cramps uncontrolled shaking of the body palpitations clicking , rattling or crackling noise made by the lungs when breathing cracked , chapped lips dry mouth or changes to your sense of taste flatulence joint pain or inflammation blood in urine ( a sign of a kidney problem ) being unable to control the flow of urine because of loss of or weak bladder control chills weight gain , feeling tired , hair loss , muscle weakness , feeling cold ( signs of an underactive thyroid gland , which is known as hypothyroidism ) generally feeling unwell increased blood level of uric acid reduced blood level of magnesium increased blood level of the waste product creatinine increased blood levels of the liver enzymes alanine aminotransferase ( alt ), aspartate aminotransferase ( ast ) or alkaline phosphatase ( alp ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) red or purple , flat pinhead spots under the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects were mainly seen while patients were being given the medicine or shortly after (" infusion related effects "). some of these infusion related side effects were serious or life - threatening . life threatening reactions , including very severe generalised allergic reactions and anaphylactic shock , have been reported in some patients . symptoms of such reactions include low blood pressure , very fast heart rate , difficulty breathing , vomiting , facial , lip or tongue swelling , hives or rash . some 29 patients have experienced infusion related side effects in the form of flu - like symptoms , which lasted for a few days after completion of the infusion . should you experience any reaction like this , please tell your doctor immediately . you may need to be given pre - treatment medicines to prevent an allergic reaction ( e . g . antihistamines and / or corticosteroids ) or to reduce fever ( antipyretics ). very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people hives rash increased heart rate ( facial ) flushing fever or increased body temperature cough increased breathing rate vomiting low level of oxygen in the blood common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people paleness increased or high blood pressure bluish discolouration of the skin chills agitation tremor headache tingling pain or local reaction at the site of the drip dizziness irritability itchy skin retching swelling of the face , swelling of the throat or severe combined swelling of the face , throat and tongue due to a severe allergic reaction swelling of the arms and legs nausea chest discomfort throat tightness diarrhoea tiredness muscle pain muscle spasms severe ulcerative lesions of the skin redness of the skin not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data swelling around the eyes abnormal breathing sounds , including a whistling sound difficulty in breathing ( including shortness of breath ) cold extremities ( e . g . hands , feet ) low blood pressure narrowing of the blood vessels causing blood flow to be decreased sudden constriction of bronchi restricting air going in and out the lungs ( bronchospasm ) feeling hot 30 increased sweating eyes tearing mottled skin restlessness wheezing decreased heart rate heart stopping chest pain ( not in the heart ) inflammation of membrane that covers eyeball and eyelid abdominal pain joint pain temporary suspension or sudden cessation of breathing protein loss in urine nephrotic syndrome : swelling of lower limbs , generalized swelling and protein loss in urine swelling and thickening of the skin at infusion site in case of leakage of the product outside blood vessels reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you may have side effects more often when you start your medicine or when your dose is increased . usually , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . take off your patch and tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects which could become serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of appetite - feeling dizzy - feeling agitated or sleepy - urinary incontinence ( inability to retain adequate urine ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - problems with your heartbeat such as slow heartbeat - seeing things that are not really there ( hallucinations ) - stomach ulcer - dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) - hyperactivity ( high level of activity , restlessness ) - aggression rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - falling very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - stiff arms or legs - trembling hands not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reaction where the patch was used , such as blisters or inflamed skin - the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse such as tremor , stiffness and shuffling - inflammation of the pancreas signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) 46 - fast or uneven heartbeat - high blood pressure - fits ( seizures ) - liver disorders ( yellow skin , yellowing of the whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite ) - changes in tests which show how well the liver is working - feeling restless take off your patch and tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects seen with rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . capsules or oral solution and which may occur with the patch : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - too much saliva - loss of appetite - feeling restless - generally feeling unwell - trembling or feeling confused - increased sweating uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - uneven heart rate ( e . g . fast heart rate ) - difficulty sleeping - accidental falls rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fits ( seizures ) - ulcer in the intestine - chest pain this may be caused by heart spasm very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - high blood pressure - inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick - seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) - some people who have been violently sick have had tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you should immediately contact your doctor if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - feeling dizzy , tingling , feeling numb , or a burning feeling in your hands and feet ( very common side effect , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), difficulty walking normally ( common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). this could be symptoms of nervous system problems . your doctor may decide to lower the dose , or pause or stop the treatment . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - you may look pale and feel your heart pumping , which could be symptoms of low red blood cells ( anaemia ) - flu like symptoms including fever , which could be symptoms of low white blood cells ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) - feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - constipation - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - muscle weakness - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - increased amount of liver enzymes in blood tests - weight increase . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - change in how things taste ( dysgeusia ) - increased amount of " alkaline phosphatase " in blood tests ( very common in children ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the following happen to you , stop using biresp spiromax and talk to your doctor immediately : rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people 52 swelling of your face , particularly around your mouth ( tongue and / or throat and / or difficulty to swallow ) or hives together with difficulties to breathe ( angioedema ) and / or sudden feeling of faintness . this may mean that you are having an allergic reaction , which may also include rash and itching . bronchospasm ( tightening of the muscles in the airways which causes wheezing and shortness of breath ). if the wheezing comes on suddenly after using this medicine stop using it and talk to your doctor immediately ( see below ). very rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people sudden , unexpected and acute wheezing and / or shortness of breath immediately after using your inhaler ( also referred to as ' paradoxical bronchospasm '). if either of these symptoms occur , stop using biresp spiromax straightaway and use your ' reliever inhaler ' if you have one . contact your doctor immediately as you may need to have your treatment changed . other possible side effects : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people palpitations ( awareness of your heart beating ), trembling or shaking . if these effects occur , they are usually mild and usually disappear as you continue to use biresp spiromax . thrush ( a fungal infection ) in the mouth . this is less likely to occur if you rinse your mouth out with water after using your medicine . mild sore throat , coughing and a hoarse voice . headache . pneumonia ( infection to the lung ) in copd patients . tell your doctor if you have any of the following while taking biresp spiromax they could be symptoms of a lung infection : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people feeling restless , nervous , agitated , anxious or angry . disturbed sleep . feeling dizzy . nausea ( feeling sick ). fast heartbeat . bruising of the skin . muscle cramps blurred vision . rare : low levels of potassium in your blood . uneven heartbeat . very rare : depression . changes in behaviour , especially in children . chest pain or tightness in the chest ( angina pectoris ). disturbance of the heart ' s electrical system which does not cause symptoms ( prolongation of the qtc - interval ). an increase in the amount of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood , when you have a blood test taste changes , such as an unpleasant taste in the mouth . changes in your blood pressure . inhaled corticosteroids can affect the normal production of steroid hormones in your body , particularly if you use high doses for a long time . the effects include : changes in bone mineral density ( thinning of the bones ) cataract ( clouding of the lens in the eye ) glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ) a slowing of the rate of growth of children and adolescents an effect on the adrenal gland ( a small gland next to the kidney ). symptoms of adrenal gland suppression could be tiredness , weakness , stomach problems including nausea , vomiting , pain and diarrhoea , darkening of the skin and weight loss . these effects happen very rarely and are much less likely to happen with inhaled corticosteroids than with corticosteroid tablets . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking velmetia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). velmetia may cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking velmetia and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including rash , hives , blisters on the skin / peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced diarrhoea , nausea , flatulence , constipation , stomach ache or vomiting when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea such as glimepiride : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with insulin : very common : low blood sugar uncommon : dry mouth , headache some patients have experienced the following side effects during clinical studies while taking sitagliptin alone ( one of the medicines in velmetia ) or during post - approval use of velmetia or sitagliptin alone or with other diabetes medicines : common : low blood sugar , headache , upper respiratory infection , stuffy or runny nose and sore throat , osteoarthritis , arm or leg pain uncommon : dizziness , constipation , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking metformin alone : very common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and loss of appetite . these symptoms may happen when you start taking metformin and usually go away common : a metallic taste 62 very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels , hepatitis ( a problem with your liver ), hives , redness of the skin ( rash ) or itching reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel kabi alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of docetaxel kabi may be increased when docetaxel kabi is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions may occur ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing fever or chills back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of docetaxel kabi the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach 251 muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . infection of the upper respiratory tract . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ). rises in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) decrease of the potassium , calcium and / or phosphate in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when docetaxel therapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ). blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium and / or magnesium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ). ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , dizziness , and / or fainting ). some of these symptoms can be serious . if this happens , you must tell your doctor immediately injection site reactions at the site of a previous reaction . non - hodgkin lymphoma ( a cancer affecting the immune system ) and other cancers may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) ( blistering , peeling or bleeding on any part of your skin ( including your lips , eyes , mouth , nose , genitals , hands or feet ) with or without a rash . you may also have flu - like symptoms at the same time , such as fever , chills or aching muscles .) acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis ( agep ) ( red , scaly widespread rash with bumps under the swollen skin ( including your skin folds , trunk , and upper extremities ) and blisters accompanied by fever .) 252 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , xarelto can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . like other similar medicines to reduce the formation of blood clots , xarelto may cause bleeding which may potentially be life threatening . excessive bleeding may lead to a sudden drop in blood pressure ( shock ). in some cases the bleeding may not be obvious . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : signs of bleeding - bleeding into the brain or inside the skull ( symptoms can include headache , one - sided weakness , vomiting , seizures , decreased level of consciousness , and neck stiffness . a serious medical emergency . seek medical attention immediately !) - long or excessive bleeding - exceptional weakness , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , unexplained swelling , breathlessness , chest pain or angina pectoris your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change the treatment . signs of severe skin reactions - spreading intense skin rash , blisters or mucosal lesions , e . g . in the mouth or eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - a drug reaction that causes rash , fever , inflammation of internal organs , blood abnormalities and systemic illness ( dress syndrome ). the frequency of these side effects is very rare ( up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). signs of severe allergic reactions - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing ; hives and breathing difficulties ; sudden drop in blood pressure . the frequencies of severe allergic reactions are very rare ( anaphylactic reactions , including anaphylactic shock ; may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) and uncommon ( angioedema and allergic oedema ; may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). overall list of possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness - bleeding in the stomach or bowel , urogenital bleeding ( including blood in the urine and heavy menstrual bleeding ), nose bleed , bleeding in the gum - bleeding into the eye ( including bleeding from the whites of the eyes ) - bleeding into tissue or a cavity of the body ( haematoma , bruising ) - coughing up blood - bleeding from the skin or under the skin - bleeding following an operation - oozing of blood or fluid from surgical wound - swelling in the limbs - pain in the limbs - impaired function of the kidneys ( may be seen in tests performed by your doctor ) - fever - stomach ache , indigestion , feeling or being sick , constipation , diarrhoea - low blood pressure ( symptoms may be feeling dizzy or fainting when standing up ) - decreased general strength and energy ( weakness , tiredness ), headache , dizziness - rash , itchy skin - blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding into the brain or inside the skull ( see above , signs of bleeding ) - bleeding into a joint causing pain and swelling 238 - thrombocytopenia ( low number of platelets , which are cells that help blood to clot ) - allergic reactions , including allergic skin reactions - impaired function of the liver ( may be seen in tests performed by your doctor ) - blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , some pancreatic or liver enzymes or in the number of platelets - fainting - feeling unwell - faster heartbeat - dry mouth - hives rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding into a muscle - cholestasis ( decreased bile flow ), hepatitis incl . hepatocellular injury ( inflamed liver incl . liver injury ) - yellowing of the skin and eye ( jaundice ) - localised swelling - collection of blood ( haematoma ) in the groin as a complication of the cardiac procedure where a catheter is inserted in your leg artery ( pseudoaneurysm ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - kidney failure after a severe bleeding - increased pressure within muscles of the legs or arms after a bleeding , which leads to pain , swelling , altered sensation , numbness or paralysis ( compartment syndrome after a bleeding ) reporting of side effects 16tif you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . 16tyou can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , zercepac can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . serious side effects during a zercepac infusion , chills , fever and other flu like symptoms may occur . these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other infusion - related symptoms are : feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain , increased muscle tension and shaking , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , wheezing , high or low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances ( palpitations , heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ), swelling of the face and lips , rash and feeling tired . some of these symptoms can be serious and some patients have died ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your vein ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you treatment to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the symptoms improve . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . sometimes , symptoms may improve and then get worse later . other serious side effects can occur at any time during treatment with zercepac , not just related to an infusion . tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during treatment and occasionally after treatment has stopped and can be serious . they include weakening of the heart muscle possibly leading to heart failure , inflammation ( swollen , red , hot , and in pain ) of the lining around the heart and heart rhythm disturbances . this can lead to symptoms such as breathlessness ( including breathlessness at night ), cough , fluid retention ( swelling ) in the legs or arms , palpitations ( heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ) ( see 2 . heart checks ). your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the above symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterized by high blood levels of potassium and phosphate , and low blood levels of calcium ). symptoms may include kidney problems ( weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and confusion ), heart problems ( fluttering of the heart or a faster or slower heartbeat ), seizures , vomiting or diarrhoea and tingling in the mouth , hands or feet . if you experience any of the above symptoms when your treatment with zercepac has finished , you should see your doctor and tell them that you have previously been treated with zercepac . other side effects very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people infections diarrhoea constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) fatigue skin rashes chest pain abdominal pain joint pain 46 low counts of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which help fight infection ) sometimes with fever muscle pain conjunctivitis watery eyes nose bleeds runny nose hair loss tremor hot flush dizziness nail disorders weight loss loss of appetite inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising numbness or tingling of the fingers and toes redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet breathlessness headache cough vomiting nausea common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people allergic reactions throat infections bladder and skin infections shingles inflammation of the breast inflammation of the liver kidney disorders increased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) pain in the arms and / or legs itchy rash sleepiness ( somnolence ) haemorrhoids itchiness dry mouth and skin dry eyes sweating feeling weak and unwell anxiety depression abnormal thinking asthma infection of lungs lung disorders back pain 47 neck pain bone pain acne leg cramps uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : deafness bumpy rash blood infection rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1000 people weakness jaundice inflammation or scarring of the lungs side effects of unknown frequency : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data abnormal or impaired blood clotting anaphylactic reactions high potassium levels swelling of the brain swelling or bleeding at the back of the eyes shock swelling of the lining of the heart slow heart rate abnormal heart rhythm respiratory distress respiratory failure acute accumulation of fluid in the lungs acute narrowing of the airways abnormally low oxygen levels in the blood difficulty in breathing when lying flat liver damage / failure swelling of the face , lips and throat kidney failure abnormally low levels of fluid around baby in womb failure of the lungs of the baby to develop in the womb abnormal development of the kidneys of the baby in the womb some of the side - effects you experience may be due to your underlying cancer . if you receive zercepac in combination with chemotherapy , some of them may also be due to the chemotherapy . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . almost all patients receiving firazyr will experience a reaction at the site of the injection ( such as skin irritation , swelling , pain , itchiness , redness of the skin and burning sensation ). these effects are usually mild and clear up without the need for any additional treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) : additional injection site reactions ( pressure sensation , bruising , reduced sensation and / or numbness , raised itchy skin rash and warmth ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) : feeling sick headache dizziness fever itching rash skin redness abnormal liver function test not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) : hives ( urticaria ) tell your doctor immediately if you notice that the symptoms of your attack get worse after you received firazyr . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking leflunomide zentiva : - if you experience weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - pale skin , tiredness , or bruising , as these may indicate blood disorders caused by an imbalance in the different types of blood cells which make up blood , - tiredness , abdominal pain , or jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the eyes or skin ), as these may indicate serious conditions such as liver failure , which may be fatal , - any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or cough , as this medicine may increase the chance of a severe infection which may be life - threatening , - cough or breathing problems as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - unusual tingling , weakness or pain in your hands or feet as these may indicate problems with your nerves ( peripheral neuropathy ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), - mild allergic reactions , - loss of appetite , weight loss ( usually insignificant ), - tiredness ( asthenia ), - headache , dizziness , - abnormal skin sensations like tingling ( paraesthesia ), - mild increase in blood pressure , 80 - colitis , - diarrhoea , - nausea , vomiting , - inflammation of the mouth or mouth ulcers , - abdominal pain , - an increase in some liver test results , - increased hair loss , - eczema , dry skin , rash , itching , - tendonitis ( pain caused by inflammation in the membrane surrounding the tendons usually in the feet or hands ), - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ), - problems in the nerves of the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ), - a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood , - anxiety , - taste disturbances , - urticaria ( nettle rash ), - tendon rupture , - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood ( cholesterol and triglycerides ), - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - an increase in the numbers of blood cells called eosinophiles ( eosinophilia ); mild decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ); decrease in the number of all blood cells ( pancytopenia ), - severe increase in blood pressure , - inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ), - an increase in some liver results which may develop into serious conditions such as hepatitis and jaundice , - severe infections called sepsis which may be fatal , - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( lactate dehydrogenase ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a marked decrease of some white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ), - severe and potentially severe allergic reactions , - inflammation of the small vessels ( vasculitis , including cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis ), - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), - severe liver injury such as liver failure or necrosis which may be fatal , - severe sometimes life - threatening reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). other side effects such as kidney failure , a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood , pulmonary hypertension , male infertility ( which is reversible once treatment with this medicine is stopped ), cutaneous lupus ( characterized by rash / erythema on skin areas that are exposed to light ), psoriasis ( new or worsening ) and dress may also occur with an unknown frequency . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with rhokiinsa : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness ; fine deposits on the front of the eye and pain where the drops have been put in common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) effects in the eye : infection or inflammation of the eye ; dryness of the eye or small breaks in the film of liquid on the surface of the eye ; eye discharge ; itchy eyelids ; clouding of the eye and vision may decrease somewhat ; eye pain ; feeling of grittiness or having something in the eye ; general eye redness shortly after drops are put in ; spots or patches of eye redness ; eye inflammation caused by an allergic reaction or prominent blood vessels ; eyes can become watery , sensitive to light ; swelling around the eye ; blurred vision general side effects : headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : increased fluid pressure inside the eye ; inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( the iris ); bulging of iris ; growth of eyelashes ; eyelid dryness ; eye disease related to diabetes ; excess folds of the conjunctiva ; blindness ; blurred , double and halo vision ; cataracts ; abnormal turning outward of the lower eyelid ; small colored spots on the eye surface ; eye dryness caused by inflammation of the glands of the eyelids ; eye allergy ; eyelid crusting ; glassy eyes ; loss of eyelashes ; tiredness general side effects : increased allergic symptoms ; dizziness ; blurred vision ; nasal discomfort and pain ; redness or itching of the skin ; rash on skin ; inflammation of the cartilage ; picking of the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 22 listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the very common and common side effects in adults may start within the first months of treatment and may either stop spontaneously or if your dose is reduced . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : in adults joint pain water retention ( which shows as puffy fingers or swollen ankles ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : in children temporary reddening , itchiness or pain at the injection site joint pain rash raised itchy bumps on the skin . in adults numbness / tingling stiffness in the arms and legs , muscle pain pain or burning sensation in the hands or underarms ( known as carpal tunnel syndrome ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : in children water retention ( which shows as puffy fingers or swollen ankles , for a short time at the start of treatment ) itching rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : in children numbness / tingling leukaemia ( this has been reported in a small number of growth hormone deficiency patients , some of whom have been treated with somatropin . however , there is no evidence that leukaemia incidence is increased in growth hormone recipients without predisposing factors .) increased intracranial pressure ( which causes symptoms , such as strong headache , visual disturbances or vomiting ) muscle pain not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): type 2 diabetes a decrease in the levels of the hormone cortisol in your blood facial swelling in children stiffness in the arms and legs in adults increased intracranial pressure ( which causes symptoms such as strong headache , visual disturbances or vomiting ) reddening , itchiness or pain at the injection site rash itching raised itchy bumps on the skin . formation of antibodies to the injected growth hormone but these do not seem to stop the growth hormone from working . the skin around the injection area can get uneven or lumpy , but this should not happen if you inject in a different place each time . there have been rare cases of sudden death in patients with prader - willi syndrome . however , no link has been made between these cases and treatment with omnitrope . slipped capital femoral epiphysis and legg - calvé - perthes disease may be considered by your doctor if discomfort or pain in the hip or knee is experienced whilst being treated with omnitrope . other possible side effects related to your treatment with growth hormone may include the following : you ( or your child ) may experience a high blood sugar or reduced levels of thyroid hormone . this can be tested by your doctor and if necessary your doctor will prescribe the adequate treatment . rarely , an inflammation of the pancreas has been reported in patients treated with growth hormone . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , kentera can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) - not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effect : - itching around the site of patch application common side effects : - redness or rash at the site of patch application - dry mouth - constipation - diarrhoea - upset stomach - stomach pain - headache or sleepiness - urinary tract infections - blurred vision - dizziness uncommon side effects : - upper respiratory tract or fungal infections - anxiety - confusion 50 - nervousness - agitation - difficulty in sleeping - palpitations - hot flushes - back pain - urinary retention - difficulty urinating - common cold - accidental injury rare side effects - panic reaction - mental confusion - hallucinations - disorientation - memory impairment - loss of memory - abnormal tiredness - poor concentration reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . 5 . storing kentera keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use kentera after the date shown on the sachet and the carton . do not refrigerate or freeze . the used patches should be folded in half , adhesive side inwards so that the release membrane is not exposed , placed in the original sachet and then discarded safely out of the reach of children . any used or unused patches should be discarded according to local requirements or returned to the pharmacy . used patches should not be flushed down the toilet nor placed in liquid waste disposal systems . 6 . further information what kentera contains the active substance is oxybutynin . each transdermal patch releases 3 . 9 mg of oxybutynin per 24 hours . each patch of 39 cm2 contains 36 mg of oxybutynin . the other ingredients are : each patch contains triacetin , and acrylic adhesive solution . the oxybutynin , triacetin and acrylic adhesive are coated on clear pet / eva backing film and covered with a siliconised polyester release liner . what kentera looks like and contents of the pack kentera is a transdermal patch and it is packaged in cartons containing 2 , 8 , and 24 patches . each patch consists of a clear backing film that has the pharmaceutical ingredients coated on the side containing the protective backing film . the backing film is to be removed prior to patch application . marketing authorisation holder teva b . v . swensweg 5 2031 ga haarlem the netherlands manufacturer teva pharmaceuticals europe b . v . swensweg 5 2031 ga haarlem the netherlands merckle gmbh ludwig - merckle - straße 3 89143 blaubeuren germany for any information about this medicine , please contact the local representative of the marketing authorisation holder . belgië / belgique / belgien eurocept bv tél / tel : + 31 ( 0 ) 35 528 8377 lietuva uab teva baltics tel : + 370 5 266 02 03 българия actavis ead tel : + 359 2 489 95 85 luxembourg / luxemburg eurocept bv tél / tel : + 31 ( 0 ) 35 528 8377 česká republika teva pharmaceuticals cr , s . r . o . tel : + 420 251 007 111 magyarország teva gyógyszergyár zrt . tel : (+ 36 ) 1 288 6400 danmark recordati ab sverige tlf : + 46 8 545 80 230 infonordic @ recordati . com malta v . j . salomone pharma ltd tel : + 35 621 220 174 deutschland recordati pharma gmbh tel : + 49 ( 0 ) 731 7047 0 nederland eurocept bv tel : + 31 ( 0 ) 35 528 8377 eesti uab teva baltics eesti filiaal tel : + 372 661 0801 norge recordati ab sverige tlf : + 46 8 545 80 230 infonordic @ recordati . com 52 ελλάδα recordati hellas pharmaceuticals a . e . τηλ : + 30 210 - 6773822 österreich haemo - pharma consult gmbh tel : + 43 ( 0 ) 2689 3116 0 españa laboratorios gebro pharma , s . a . tel : + 34 93 205 86 86 polska teva pharmaceuticals polska sp . z o . o . tel : + 48 22 345 93 00 france teva santé tél : + 33 1 55 91 78 00 portugal jaba recordati s . a . tel : + 351 21 4329 500 hrvatska pliva hrvatska d . o . o . tel : + 385 1 37 20 000 românia teva pharmaceuticals s . r . l . tel : + 4021 230 65 24 ireland recordati ireland ltd . tel : + 353 ( 0 ) 21 4379400 slovenija pliva ljubljana d . o . o . tel : + 386 1 58 90 390 ísland actavis pharmaceuticals iceland ehf . sími : + 354 550 3300 slovenská republika herbacos recordati s . r . o . česká republika tel : + 420 466 741 915 italia innova pharma s . p . a . tel : + 39 02 48787 . 1 suomi / finland recordati ab ruotsi / sverige puh / tel : + 46 8 545 80 230 infonordic @ recordati . com κύπρος recordati hellas pharmaceuticals a . e . ελλάδα τηλ : + 30 210 - 6773822 sverige recordati ab tel : + 46 8 545 80 230 infonordic @ recordati . com latvija uab teva baltics filiāle latvijā tel : + 371 67 323 666 united kingdom orion pharma ( uk ) ltd tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 1635 520300 this leaflet was approved in detailed information on this medicine is available on the european medicines agency ( ema ) web site : 53 package leaflet : information for the user kentera 90 . 7 mg / g gel in sachet oxybutynin read all of this leaflet carefully before you start using kentera - keep this leaflet . you may need to read it again . - if you have further questions , please ask your doctor or your pharmacist . - this medicine has been prescribed for you . do not pass it on to others . it may harm them even if their symptoms are the same as yours . - if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . see section 4 . in this leaflet : 1 . what kentera is and what it is used for 2 . before you use kentera 3 . how to use kentera 4 . possible side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data tell your doctor or a pharmacist as soon as possible : - if you do not feel well while you are taking tasmar - if you experience symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , loss of appetite , weakness , fever , darkening of urine or jaundice since uncommonly disturbances in the way the liver works , sometimes severe hepatitis was observed , - if you notice a darkening of your urine since this could be a sign of a muscular or liver injury . any other yellow urine discolouring is usually harmless . - if you develop persistent or severe diarrhoea soon after beginning and during your treatment with tasmar , you may have symptoms caused by levodopa such as involuntary movement and nausea . therefore , if you feel unwell , you should contact your doctor since you may need to have your levodopa dose changed . other possible side effects : very common : - involuntary movement ( dyskinesia ), - nausea , decreased appetite , diarrhoea , - headache , dizziness - sleep problems , somnolence , - feeling lightheaded while you stand , ( orthostatic complaints ), mental confusion and hallucinations , - movement disorder with involuntary muscle spasms or malpositions ( dystonia ), - dreaming excessive . common : - chest pain , - constipation , dyspepsia , stomach ache , vomiting , dry mouth , - fainting , - increased sweating , - influenza - like symptoms , - reduced voluntary and involuntary movement ( hypokinesia ), - upper respiratory tract infection , - increase of specific liver enzymes , - urine discoloration . uncommon : - liver injury , in rare cases with fatal outcome 45 rare : - severe symptoms of muscle stiffening , fever or mental confusion ( neuroleptic malignant syndrome ) when antiparkinsonian treatments are abruptly reduced or withdrawn . - impulse control disorders ( inability to resist the impulse of an action that could be harmful ). this may include : o strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences . o altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive . o uncontrolled excessive shopping or spending . o binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than needed to satisfy your hunger ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; these will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v *. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , foscan can cause side effects . everyone who takes foscan will become sensitive to light for about 15 days after injection . you must follow the instructions given to you to avoid sunlight and bright indoor light . these instructions are written in this leaflet . your doctor will also tell you what to do . if you do not follow these instructions , you may get severe sunburn that leads to permanent scarring . most of the side effects related with photodynamic therapy are local effects seen as consequence of triggering the foscan with the laser . you may feel pain after the laser treatment . this pain will be controlled with painkillers . please let your doctor or nurse know if you have pain or if the painkillers you have been given are not taking the pain away . furthermore you will probably notice swelling and reddening around the area that has been treated . you may be given some medicine to reduce the swelling . after 2 to 4 days , the treated area will turn black . this blackness is caused by dead cancer cells ( necrosis ). foscan may also damage the tissue that is surrounding the tumour . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): you may feel some pain when foscan is injected . after the laser treatment , you may feel pain in the treated area , e . g . pain in your face or headache . there may also be bleeding , ulcers , swelling in the treated area like swelling of your face or tongue , and scarring . you may get constipation . these effects may make it difficult to eat and drink . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): there may be some irritation , a burning sensation or skin damage where foscan is injected , but this will not last long . you may also get ulcers , blisters , skin redness , or skin darkening . vomiting fever nausea anaemia light sensitivity sunburn burns difficulty with swallowing giddiness there may be swelling or you may have a stiff jaw . some people may get an infection in the treated area , e . g . inflammation of the throat or mouth . events occurring at a frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): airway blocking as consequence of swelling in the treated area fistula in the treated area sepsis vascular rupture serious side effects such as inflammation of bile duct or gallbladder , liver abscess or perforation in the treated area have been reported when used in other cancer than head and neck . talk to your doctor for more information . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when pretomanid fgk is used together with linezolid and bedaquiline the following side effects have been reported : contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) reduced number of red blood cells possible signs are feeling tired , weakness , shortness of breath , loss of consciousness and increased thirst . increased blood levels of liver enzymes called - gamma gt ( indicating how well your liver is working ) - transaminase such as alt , ast tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as fatigue , lack or loss of appetite , nausea , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine or abdominal pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduced number of white blood cells or platelets possible signs are bruising , bleeding or infections . increased blood level of lactic acid contact your doctor if you have recurrent nausea or vomiting . other side effects may occur with following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea , vomiting , indigestion abdominal pain acne , itching skin , rash decreased appetite nerve problems in the hands or feet , such as pain , burning , abnormal sensation or numbness muscle and skeleton pain , such as joint pain , back pain , muscle pain increased blood levels : - amylase - a liver enzyme called gamma gt ( indicating how well your liver is working ) - liver enzymes called transaminase such as alt , ast common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sleeping difficulties weakness , fatigue taste disturbance dizziness muscle spasm diarrhoea , constipation inflammation of stomach lining , pancreas inflammation reflux of stomach juices in the oesophagus hair loss , dry skin irritation or pain of the eye , vision problems optic nerve damage and / or inflammation with swellings and visual disturbances abnormal electrical activity of the heart ( prolonged electrocardiogram qt interval ) increased blood levels : - bilirubin , which is the yellow breakdown substance of the blood pigment - lipase - alkaline phosphatase - creatine phosphokinase 32 - urea decreased blood sugar level uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal ( including candida yeast fungi ) infection in the mouth or throat , which appears as white patches fungal infection too much fluid loss , reduced body fluid volume anxiety , depression enlarged liver yellowing of the skin , internal organs and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) eye lens disorder , dry eye worsening ability to focus clearly on close objects eye itching , eye swelling optic disc swelling ( leading to loss of vision ) deafness feeling of increased heartbeat increased heartbeat low blood pressure cough , nosebleed feeling bloated burning tongue , enlargement of the small , nipple - like structures on the upper surface of the tongue eczema , excessive skin pigmentation muscles and skeleton stiffness inability to have or maintain an erection womb bleeding at irregular intervals , particularly between the expected menstrual periods feeling unwell abnormal presence of the protein albumin in the urine vomiting blood acidity of the blood decreased elimination of the muscle tissue breakdown product creatinine through kidneys lack of white and red blood cells , and blood platelets decreased blood levels : - calcium - magnesium increased blood levels : - creatinine and creatine phosphokinase - uric acid reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives since the consequences could become serious . the most common side effect is a decrease in the amount of semen released during sex . this effect disappears after discontinuation of urorec . please inform your doctor if you are planning to have children . dizziness , including dizziness when standing up , and occasionally fainting , may occur . if you do feel weak or dizzy , make sure you sit or lie down straight away until the symptoms have disappeared . if dizziness when standing up or fainting occurs , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . urorec may cause complications during a cataract surgery ( eye surgery because of cloudiness of the lens , see section " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you immediately inform your eye specialist if you are using or have previously used urorec . the possible side effects are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) abnormal ejaculation ( less or no noticeable semen is released during sex , see section " warnings and precautions ") common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , including dizziness when standing up ( see also above , in this section ) runny or blocked nose diarrhoea uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea dry mouth difficulties in getting or keeping an erection faster heart rate symptoms of allergic reaction affecting the skin like rash , itching , hives and rash caused by a medicine abnormal results of liver function tests low blood pressure rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fast or irregular heart beats ( called palpitations ) fainting / loss of consciousness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other allergic reactions with swelling of the face or throat not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . dutrebis contains two medicines : lamivudine and raltegravir . the side effects for the two individual medicines contained in dutrebis are presented below . serious side effects see a doctor immediately , if you notice any of the following : these are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) herpes infections including shingles anaemia including due to low iron signs and symptoms of infection or inflammation mental disorder suicide intention or attempt stomach inflammation inflammation of liver ( hepatitis ); when hepatitis causes symptoms , they can include : belly pain ; nausea and vomiting ; not feeling hungry ; jaundice , which is when the skin or white part of the eye turns yellow liver failure ( the liver stops working , which may cause heavy bleeding , swelling , and breathing problems ) allergic rash ( including red spots or blotches sometimes with blistering and swelling of the skin ) certain kinds of kidney problems , including conditions in which the kidneys lose the ability to remove waste and excess water from the bloodstream . as waste and fluids accumulate , other body systems are affected , potentially leading to complications taking drug in quantities greater than recommended these are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis signs include deep , fast , difficult breathing , feeling drowsy , numb or weak arms or legs , feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ), stomach pain see a doctor immediately , if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache ; feeling dizzy feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain feeling tired , lack of energy , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) fever , general feeling of being unwell muscle pain and discomfort , joint pain cough , irritated or runny nose rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) decreased appetite abnormal dreams ; nightmare ; abnormal behaviour ; feelings of deep sadness and unworthiness spinning sensation bloating ; excessive gas in the stomach or bowel ; indigestion ; belching rash ( more often when used in combination with darunavir ) increased liver blood tests ; abnormal white blood cells ; increased fat levels in blood ( such as cholesterol and triglycerides ); increased level of enzyme from salivary glands or pancreas 44 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the hair roots ; influenza ; skin infection due to virus ; upper respiratory tract infection ( such as inflammation of the nasal cavity or sinuses located around the nose ; common cold ); infection in the lymph node ( gland in the neck , armpit , or groin ) wart low count of white blood cells that fight infection ; pain or swollen glands ( lymph nodes ) in the neck , armpit and groin allergic reaction increased appetite ; diabetes ; high sugar levels in the blood ; excessive thirst ; severe weight loss ; body fat disorder feeling anxious ; feeling of confusion ; depressed mood ; mood changes ; panic attack loss of memory ; pain in the hand due to nerve compression ; disturbance in attention ; dizziness with rapid changes in posture ; abnormal taste ; increased sleepiness ; lack of energy ; forgetfulness ; migraine headache ; reduced sense of touch , numbness or weakness of the arms and / or legs ; tingling ; sleepiness ; tension headache ; tremors ; poor quality sleep visual disturbance buzzing , hissing , whistling , ringing or other persistent noise in the ears palpitations ; slow heart rate ; fast or irregular heart beats hot flush ; high blood pressure harsh , raspy , or strained voice ; nosebleed ; nasal congestion pain in the upper part of the belly ; rectal discomfort ; constipation ; dry mouth ; heartburn ; pain when swallowing ; inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ); ulcer or sore in stomach or upper intestine ; bleeding from anus ; stomach discomfort ; inflammation of the gums ; swollen , red sore tongue accumulation of fat in the liver acne ; unusual hair loss or thinning ; redness of skin ; unusual distribution of fat on the body , this may include loss of fat from legs , arms , and face , and increase in abdomen fat ; excessive sweating ; night sweats ; thickening and itching of the skin due to repeated scratching ; skin lesion ; dry skin back pain ; pain in bone / muscle ; muscle tenderness or weakness ; neck pain ; pain in arms or legs ; inflammation of the tendons ; decrease in the amount of minerals in the bone kidney stones ; urination at night ; kidney cyst erectile dysfunction ; breast enlargement in men ; menopausal symptoms chest discomfort ; chills ; swelling of face ; feeling jittery ; lump in the neck ; swelling of hands , ankles or feet ; pain blood test showing decreased count of platelets in blood ( a kind of cell that helps blood clot ); blood test showing reduced kidney function ; increased muscle enzyme in blood ; sugar present in urine ; red blood cells present in urine ; weight gain ; increase in waist size ; decreased blood protein ( albumin ); increase in time for blood to clot ; blood test showing low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction causing swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing breakdown of muscle tissue liver problems , such as yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , swollen or fatty liver blood test showing an increase in an enzyme called amylase very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) blood test showing failure of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia ) additional side effects in children and adolescents hyperactivity 45 muscle pain , tenderness , or weakness have been reported during treatment with raltegravir . patients with hiv are at higher risk of developing cancer than patients without the disease . in clinical studies , the number of hiv patients taking raltegravir who developed cancer was similar to that of patients taking other hiv medicines . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking imnovid and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : fever , chills , sore throat , cough , mouth ulcers or any other signs of infection ( due to less white blood cells , which fight infection ). bleeding or bruising without a cause , including nosebleeds and bleeding from the bowels or stomach ( due to effects on blood cells called ' platelets '). rapid breathing , rapid pulse , fever and chills , passing very little to no urine , nausea and vomiting , confusion , unconsciousness ( due to infection of blood called sepsis or septic shock ). severe , persistent or bloody diarrhoea ( possibly with stomach pain or fever ) caused by bacteria called clostridium difficile . chest pain , or leg pain and swelling , especially in your lower leg or calves ( caused by blood clots ). shortness of breath ( from serious chest infection , inflammation of the lung , heart failure or blood clot ). swelling of face , lips , tongue and throat , which may cause difficulty breathing ( due to a serious type of allergic reaction called angioedema ). certain types of skin cancer ( squamous cell carcinoma and basal cell carcinoma ), which can cause changes in the appearance of your skin or growths on your skin . if you notice any changes to your skin whilst taking imnovid , tell your doctor as soon as possible . recurrence of hepatitis b infection , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark brown - coloured urine , right - sided abdominal pain , fever and feeling nauseous or being sick . tell your doctor straightaway if you notice any of these symptoms . stop taking imnovid and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects listed above you may need urgent medical treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ). infections of the lungs ( pneumonia and bronchitis ). infections of the nose , sinuses and throat , caused by bacteria or viruses . low red blood cells , which may cause anaemia leading to tiredness and weakness . low blood levels of potassium ( hypokalaemia ), which may cause weakness , muscle cramps , muscle aches , palpitations , tingling or numbness , dyspnoea , mood changes . high blood levels of sugar . loss of appetite . constipation , diarrhoea or nausea . being sick ( vomiting ). lack of energy . difficulty in falling asleep or staying asleep . dizziness , tremor . muscle spasm , muscle weakness . bone pain , back pain . numbness , tingling or burning sensation to the skin , pains in hands or feet ( peripheral sensory neuropathy ). swelling of the body , including swelling of the arms or legs . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): fall . bleeding within the skull . decreased ability to move or feel ( sensation ) in your hands , arms , feet and legs because of nerve damage ( peripheral sensorimotor neuropathy ). numbness , itching , and a feeling of pins and needles on your skin ( paraesthesia ). a spinning feeling in your head , making it difficult to stand up and move normally . swelling caused by fluid . hives ( urticaria ). rashes . itchy skin . shingles . a fast and irregular heartbeat ( atrial fibrillation ). heart attack ( chest pain spreading to the arms , neck , jaw , feeling sweaty and breathless , feeling sick or vomiting ). chest pain , chest infection . increased blood pressure . a fall in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets at the same time ( pancytopenia ) , which will make you more prone to bleeding and bruising . you may feel tired and weak , and short of breath and you are also more likely to get infections . decreased number of lymphocytes ( one type of white blood cells ) often caused by infection ( lymphopenia ). low blood levels of magnesium ( hypomagnesaemia ), which may cause tiredness , generalised weakness , muscle cramps , irritability and may result in low blood levels of calcium ( hypocalcaemia ), which may cause numbness and , or tingling of hands , feet , or lips , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , light - headedness , confusion . low blood level of phosphate ( hypophosphataemia ), which may cause muscle weakness and irritability or confusion . high blood level of calcium ( hypercalcaemia ), which may cause slowing reflexes and skeletal muscle weaknesses . high blood levels of potassium , which may cause abnormal heart rhythm . low blood levels of sodium , which may cause tiredness and confusion , muscle twitching , fits ( epileptic seizures ) or coma . high blood levels of uric acid , which may cause a form of arthritis called gout . low blood pressure , which may cause dizziness or fainting . flu - like symptoms ( influenza ). sore or dry mouth . changes in the way things taste . abdominal pain , swollen abdomen . feeling confused . feeling down ( depressed mood ). loss of consciousness , fainting . clouding of your eye ( cataract ). damage to the kidney . inability to pass urine . abnormal liver test . urinary tract infection , which may cause a burning sensation when passing urine , or a need to pass urine more often . pain in the pelvis . weight loss . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stroke . inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) which can cause itchy skin , yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), pale coloured stools , dark coloured urine and abdominal pain . the breakdown of cancer cells resulting in the release of toxic compounds into the bloodstream ( tumour lysis syndrome ). this can result in kidney problems . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): widespread rash , high body temperature , enlarged lymph nodes and other body organs involvement ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms which is also known as dress or drug hypersensitivity syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis or stevens - johnson syndrome ). stop using pomalidomide if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), blistering and peeling of the top layer of skin ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) or of unknown frequency ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however can not be ruled out for micardisplus . possible side effects of micardisplus : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased blood potassium levels , anxiety , fainting ( syncope ), sensation of tingling , pins and needles ( paraesthesia ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), heart rhythm disorders , low blood pressure , a sudden fall in blood pressure when you stand up , shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ), diarrhoea , dry mouth , flatulence , back pain , muscle spasm , muscle pain , erectile dysfunction ( inability to get or keep an erection ), chest pain , increased blood uric acid levels . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ), activation or worsening of systemic lupus erythematosus ( a disease where the body ' s immune system attacks the body , which causes joint pain , skin rashes and fever ); sore throat , inflamed sinuses , feeling sad ( depression ), difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), impaired vision , difficulty breathing , abdominal pain , constipation , bloating ( dyspepsia ), feeling sick ( vomiting ), inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abnormal liver function ( japanese patients are more likely to experience this side effect ), redness of the skin ( erythema ), allergic reactions such as itching or rash , increased sweating , hives ( urticaria ), joint pain ( arthralgia ) and pain in extremities , muscle cramps , flu - like - illness , pain , low levels of sodium , increased levels of creatinine , hepatic enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . adverse reactions reported with one of the individual components may be potential adverse reactions with micardisplus , even if not observed in clinical trials with this product . telmisartan in patients taking telmisartan alone the following additional side effects have been reported : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), urinary tract infections , deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , weakness , cough . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), serious allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction , drug rash ), low blood sugar levels ( in diabetic patients ), upset stomach , eczema ( a skin disorder ), arthrosis , inflammation of the tendons , decreased haemoglobin ( a blood protein ), somnolence . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )** * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of telmisartan . however , it is not known whether telmisartan was the cause . hydrochlorothiazide in patients taking hydrochlorothiazide alone the following additional side effects have been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), low blood magnesium level . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( small purple - red marks in skin or other tissue caused by bleeding ), high blood calcium level , headache . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): increased ph ( disturbed acid - base balance ) due to low blood chloride level . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): inflammation of the salivary gland , skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ), decreases in the number ( or even lack ) of cells in the blood , including low red and white blood cell count , serious allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction ), decreased or loss of appetite , restlessness , light - headedness , blurred or yellowing of vision , decrease in vision and eye pain ( possible signs of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the eye ( choroidal effusion ) or acute myopia or acute - angle closure glaucoma ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis necrotising ), inflamed pancreas , upset stomach , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), lupus - like syndrome ( a condition mimicking a disease called systemic lupus erythematosus where the body ' s immune system attacks the body ); skin disorders such as inflamed blood vessels in the skin , increased sensitivity to sunlight , rash , redness of the skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ( possible signs of erythema multiforme ), weakness , kidney inflammation or impaired kidney function , glucose in the urine ( glycosuria ), fever , impaired electrolyte balance , high blood cholesterol levels , decreased blood volume , increased blood levels of glucose , difficulties in controlling blood / urine levels of glucose in patients with a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus , or fat in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the following side effects have been reported : infusion reactions lartruvo has been associated with infusion reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you feel unwell during infusion . below is a list of some typical symptoms associated with infusion reactions : feeling faint fever chills flushing shortness of breath other symptoms may occur as well ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). your doctor may consider slowing the lartruvo infusion or interrupting it to manage these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea pain in your muscles , joints or bones ( musculoskeletal pain ) low white blood cell counts ( including neutrophils and lymphocytes which may increase the risk of infection ) pain or sores in your mouth or throat ( mucositis ) vomiting diarrhoea headache infusion - related reactions reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . 40 / 43 contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : sudden numbness or weakness of the arm , leg or face , especially if only on one side of the body sudden confusion , difficulty speaking or understanding others sudden difficulty in walking or loss of balance or co - ordination sudden dizziness or sudden severe headache with no known cause all of the above may be signs of a stroke . stroke is an uncommon side effect of prasugrel mylan in patients who have never had a stroke or transient ischaemic attack ( tia ). also contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ). ( see section 2 ' what you need to know before you take prasugrel mylan ') a rash , itching , or a swollen face , swollen lips / tongue , or shortness of breath . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 2 ' what you need to know before you take prasugrel mylan ') tell your doctor promptly if you notice any of the following : blood in your urine bleeding from your rectum , blood in your stools or black stools uncontrollable bleeding , for example from a cut all of the above may be signs of bleeding , the most common side effect with prasugrel mylan . although uncommon , severe bleeding can be life - threatening . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bleeding in the stomach or bowels bleeding from a needle puncture site nose bleeds skin rash small red bruises on the skin ( ecchymoses ) blood in urine haematoma ( bleeding under the skin at the site of an injection , or into a muscle , causing swelling ) low haemoglobin or red blood cell count ( anaemia ) bruising uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( rash , itching , swollen lips / tongue , or shortness of breath ) spontaneous bleeding from the eye , rectum , gums or in the abdomen around the internal organs bleeding after surgery coughing up blood blood in stools rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood platelet count subcutaneous haematoma ( bleeding under the skin causing a swelling ) reporting of side effects if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell you doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . 41 / 43
like all medicines , zimulti can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them very common side effects , that affect more than 1 per 10 , that have occurred in patients on zimulti include : nausea and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects , that affect more than 1 per 100 but less than1 per 10 , that have occurred in patients on zimulti include : upset stomach , vomiting , trouble with sleeping , nervousness , depression , irritability , dizziness , diarrhoea , anxiety , itching , excessive sweating , muscle cramps or spasm , fatigue , bruising , tendon pain and inflammation ( tendonitis ), memory loss , back pain ( sciatica ), altered sensitivity ( less sensitivity or abnormal burning or prickling sensation ) of the hands and feet , hot flush , fall , influenza , and joint sprain . uncommon side effects , that affect less than 1 per 100 but more than1 per 1000 , that have occurred in patients on zimulti include : sleepiness ( lethargy ), tremor , night sweats , panic symptoms , hiccups , anger , restlessness ( dysphoria ), emotional disorder , suicidal thoughts , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ). rare side effects , that affect less than 1 per 1000 , that have occurred in patients on zimulti include : hallucinations . during post - marketing experience the following side effects have also been reported ( frequency not known ): convulsion , disturbance in attention , delusion ( false belief ), paranoia , rash , headache and stomach pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), patients experienced a severe allergic reaction , with difficulty breathing , chest discomfort ( chest tightness ), feeling sick ( nausea ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( anaphylactic / anaphylactoid reactions ), common is also an allergic skin reaction such as hives , severe rash or itching . if any of these happen tell your doctor immediately . most side effects , including the allergic reactions , occurred during the infusion or shortly after . these are called infusion related reactions . other infusion related reactions that occurred very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include headache , dizziness , fever / body temperature increased , back pain , joint pain and tiredness , as well as high blood pressure ( commonly reported ), and blurry vision ( uncommonly reported ). if any of these happen tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : - bone pain - weakness / loss of strength - stomach ache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : - lengthening of the time it takes for a cut to stop bleeding may lead to easy / spontaneous bleeding / easy bruising - skin flushing - rapid heart beat - developing antibodies to vpriv ( see section 2 ) - decreased blood pressure uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : - vomiting reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following side effects : angioedema , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). these are signs of angioedema : - swelling of the face , tongue or throat - difficulties swallowing - hives and breathing problems diabetic ketoacidosis - this is common in patients with type 1 diabetes ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) and rare in patients with type 2 diabetes ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - feeling sick or being sick - stomach pain - excessive thirst - fast and deep breathing - confusion - unusual sleepiness or tiredness - a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat - rapid weight loss . this may occur regardless of blood sugar level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with edistride . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus , seen very rarely . stop taking edistride and see a doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : loss of too much fluid from your body ( dehydration ), seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). these are signs of dehydration : - very dry or sticky mouth , feeling very thirsty - feeling very sleepy or tired - passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see blood in your urine , tell your doctor immediately . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or insulin 75 these are the signs of low blood sugar : - shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat - feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects when taking edistride : common genital infection ( thrush ) of your penis or vagina ( signs may include irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) back pain passing more water ( urine ) than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment dizziness rash uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in the clinical studies conducted in adults and older people most side effects were mild in nature and short term . the side effects are generally similar to those related to the flu vaccine . there were fewer side effects after the second vaccination compared with the first . the most frequently occurring side effect was injection - site pain , which was usually mild . the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies in adults and older people . very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): pain at the injection site fatigue ( feeling tired ) headache common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): runny nose and sore throat vertigo ( a spinning sensation ) pain in mouth and throat cough diarrhoea increased sweating itching pain in joint or muscle fever chills malaise ( generally feeling unwell ) hardness , redness , swelling or bruising at the injection site abnormal , reduced sensation uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): swollen glands insomnia ( difficulty sleeping ) dizziness sleepiness conjunctivitis ( an inflammation of the eye ), eye irritation ear pain reduced blood pressure , feeling faint ( syncope ) shortness of breath stuffy or runny nose dry throat vomiting 40 feeling sick stomach pain , upset stomach rash , hives chest discomfort flu - like illness injection - site reaction such as irritation , itching , bruising or stiff arm sudden hearing loss in the clinical studies conducted in infants , children and adolescents , the incidence and nature of symptoms after the first and second vaccination were similar to those occurred in adults and older people . a ) the following side effects have been reported in a clinical study in infants aged 6 to 35 months . very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): sleepiness pain at the injection site fever irritability common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): runny nose and sore throat decreased appetite sleep disorder crying feeling sick vomiting diarrhoea increased sweating hardness , redness , swelling or bruising at the injection site b ) the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies in children aged 3 to 8 years . very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): pain at the injection site common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): runny nose and sore throat headache pain in mouth and throat feeling sick vomiting pain in joint or muscle hardness , redness , swelling or bruising at the injection site fatigue ( feeling tired ) fever malaise uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): decreased appetite eye irritation cough runny nose diarrhoea increased sweating 41 itching where the injection was given pain in the armpit feeling cold c ) the following side effects have been reported in clinical studies in adolescents aged 9 to 17 years . very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): headache pain at the injection site common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): runny nose and sore throat pain in mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick vomiting increased sweating pain in joint or muscle hardness , redness or swelling at the injection site fatigue ( feeling tired ) chills malaise uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): decreased appetite insomnia ( difficulty sleeping ) dizziness abnormal , reduced sensation vertigo ( a spinning sensation ) cough runny nose diarrhoea itching pain in extremity bruising at the injection site itching where the injection was given pain in the armpit fever feeling cold there are no post - marketing data available for vepacel . side effects observed with a similar influenza vaccine ( celvapan ) the side effects listed below have occurred with a similar influenza vaccine ( celvapan ) in adults and children during the h1n1 pandemic flu vaccination programme : allergic reactions , including anaphylactic reactions leading to a dangerous decrease in blood pressure which , if untreated , may lead to shock fits due to fever pain in arms and / or legs ( in the majority of cases reported as pain in the vaccination arm ) swelling of tissue just below the skin side effects observed with flu vaccines given routinely every year in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu , the side effects listed below have occurred . these side effects may occur with vepacel . uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): generalised skin reactions including urticaria ( hives ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ): allergic reactions leading to a dangerous decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . severe stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood platelet count which can result in bleeding or bruising very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ): vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels which can cause skin rashes , joint pain and kidney problems ) neurological disorders such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), neuritis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , feeling sleepy feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) lack of appetite trouble sleeping , feeling agitated , less sex drive , anxiety , difficulty or failure to experience orgasm , unusual dreams dizziness , feeling sluggish , tremor , numbness , including numbness , pricking or tingling of the skin blurred eyesight tinnitus ( hearing sound in the ear when there is no external sound ) feeling the heart pumping in the chest , increased blood pressure , flushing increased yawning constipation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , being sick ( vomiting ), heartburn or indigestion , breaking wind increased sweating , ( itchy ) rash muscle pain , muscle spasm painful urination , frequent urination problems getting an erection , changes in ejaculation falls ( mostly in elderly people ), fatigue weight loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) throat inflammation that causes a hoarse voice suicidal thoughts , difficulty sleeping , grinding or clenching the teeth , feeling disorientated , lack of motivation sudden involuntary jerks or twitches of the muscles , sensation of restlessness or an inability to sit or stand still , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , difficulty controlling movement e . g . lack of coordination or involuntary movements of the muscles , restless legs syndrome , poor sleep quality large pupils ( the dark centre of the eye ), problems with eyesight feeling of dizziness or " spinning " ( vertigo ), ear pain fast and / or irregular heart beat fainting , dizziness , lightheadedness or fainting on standing up , cold fingers and / or toes throat tightness , nose bleeds vomiting blood , or black tarry stools ( faeces ), gastroenteritis , burping , difficulty swallowing inflammation of the liver that may cause abdominal pain and yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes night sweats , hives , cold sweats , sensitivity to sunlight , increased tendency to bruise muscle tightness , muscle twitching difficulty or inability to pass urine , difficulty to start urinating , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow abnormal vaginal bleeding , abnormal periods , including heavy , painful , irregular or prolonged periods , unusually light or missed periods , pain in the testicles or scrotum chest pain , feeling cold , thirst , shivering , feeling hot , abnormal gait weight gain 46 ariclaim may cause effects that you may not be aware of , such as increases in liver enzymes or blood levels of potassium , creatine phosphokinase , sugar , or cholesterol rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness with swollen tongue or lips , allergic reactions decreased thyroid gland activity which can cause tiredness or weight gain dehydration , low levels of sodium in the blood ( mostly in elderly people ; the symptoms may include feeling dizzy , weak , confused , sleepy or very tired , or feeling or being sick , more serious symptoms are fainting , fits or falls ), syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti - diuretic hormone ( siadh ) suicidal behaviour , mania ( over activity , racing thoughts and decreased need for sleep ), hallucinations , aggression and anger " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) inflammation of the mouth , passing bright red blood in your stools , bad breath , inflammation of the large intestine ( leading to diarrhoea ) liver failure , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( serious illness with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ), serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) contraction of the jaw muscle abnormal urine odour menopausal symptoms , abnormal production of breast milk in men or women very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . important side effects to look out for : side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with zynrelef were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness 40 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abnormally slow heart beat ; low blood pressure ; unpleasant body smell ; infection of the skin ( cellulitis ); abnormal healing , including reopening of the wound , at the site of bunion surgery ; swelling , redness , heat or infection at the site of surgery ; swelling of your lower legs or hands ; altered taste . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of kidney function a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an encephalopathy . the most frequently reported side effects are nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people anorexia ( loss of appetite ); depression , hostility or aggression , anxiety , insomnia , nervousness or irritability ; convulsion , balance disorder ( equilibrium disorder ), dizziness ( sensation of unsteadiness ), lethargy ( lack of energy and enthusiasm ), tremor ( involuntary trembling ); vertigo ( sensation of rotation ); cough ; abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea ; rash ; asthenia / fatigue ( tiredness ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people decreased number of blood platelets , decreased number of white blood cells ; weight decrease , weight increase ; suicide attempt and suicidal ideation , mental disorder , abnormal behaviour , hallucination , anger , confusion , panic attack , emotional instability / mood swings , agitation ; amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal coordination / ataxia ( impaired coordinated movements ), paraesthesia ( tingling ), disturbance in attention ( loss of concentration ); diplopia ( double vision ), vision blurred ; elevated / abnormal values in a liver function test ; hair loss , eczema , pruritus ; muscle weakness , myalgia ( muscle pain ); injury . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people infection ; decreased number of all blood cell types ; severe allergic reactions ( dress , anaphylactic reaction [ severe and important allergic reaction ], quincke ' s oedema [ swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ]); decreased blood sodium concentration ; suicide , personality disorders ( behavioural problems ), thinking abnormal ( slow thinking , unable to concentrate ); delirium ; encephalopathy ( see sub - section " tell your doctor immediately " for a detailed description of symptoms ; uncontrollable muscle spasms affecting the head , torso and limbs , difficulty in controlling movements , hyperkinesia ( hyperactivity ); pancreatitis ; liver failure , hepatitis ; sudden decrease in kidney function ; skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ); rhabdomyolysis ( breakdown of muscle tissue ) and associated blood creatine phosphokinase increase . prevalence is significantly higher in japanese patients when compared to non - japanese patients . limp or difficulty walking . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . patients treated with entecavir have reported the following side effects : 46 common ( at least 1 in 100 patients ): headache , insomnia ( inability to sleep ), fatigue ( extreme tiredness ), dizziness , somnolence ( sleepiness ), vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), and increased blood levels of liver enzymes . uncommon ( at least 1 in 1 , 000 patients ): rash , hair loss . rare ( at least 1 in 10 , 000 patients ): severe allergic reaction . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via [ to be completed nationally ]. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice any side effects relating to the eyes , talk to your doctor immediately to have an eye examination . treatment with nitisinone leads to higher levels of tyrosine in the blood which can cause eye related symptoms . common eye related side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) caused by higher tyrosine levels are inflammation in the eye ( conjunctivitis ), opacity and inflammation in the cornea ( keratitis ), sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) and eye pain . inflammation of the eyelid ( blepharitis ) is an uncommon side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other common side effects - reduced number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) and white blood cells ( leukopenia ), shortage of certain white blood cells ( granulocytopenia ). other uncommon side effects - increased number of white blood cells ( leucocytosis ), - itching ( pruritus ), skin inflammation ( exfoliative dermatitis ), rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell 90 ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of kidney function a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an encephalopathy . the most frequently reported side effects are nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people anorexia ( loss of appetite ); depression , hostility or aggression , anxiety , insomnia , nervousness or irritability ; convulsion , balance disorder ( equilibrium disorder ), dizziness ( sensation of unsteadiness ), lethargy ( lack of energy and enthusiasm ), tremor ( involuntary trembling ); vertigo ( sensation of rotation ); cough ; abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea ; rash ; asthenia / fatigue ( tiredness ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people decreased number of blood platelets , decreased number of white blood cells ; weight decrease , weight increase ; suicide attempt and suicidal ideation , mental disorder , abnormal behaviour , hallucination , anger , confusion , panic attack , emotional instability / mood swings , agitation ; amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal coordination / ataxia ( impaired coordinated movements ), paraesthesia ( tingling ), disturbance in attention ( loss of concentration ); diplopia ( double vision ), vision blurred ; elevated / abnormal values in a liver function test ; hair loss , eczema , pruritus ; muscle weakness , myalgia ( muscle pain ); injury . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1000 people infection ; decreased number of all blood cell types ; severe allergic reactions ( dress , anaphylactic reaction [ severe and important allergic reaction ], quincke ' s oedema [ swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ]); decreased blood sodium concentration ; suicide , personality disorders ( behavioural problems ), thinking abnormal ( slow thinking , unable to concentrate ); 91 delirium ; encephalopathy ( see sub - section " tell your doctor immediately " for a detailed description of symptoms ); uncontrollable muscle spasms affecting the head , torso and limbs , difficulty in controlling movements , hyperkinesia ( hyperactivity ); pancreatitis ; liver failure , hepatitis ; sudden decrease in kidney function ; skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). rhabdomyolysis ( breakdown of muscle tissue ) and associated blood creatine phosphokinase increase . prevalence is significantly higher in japanese patients when compared to non - japanese patients . limp or difficulty walking reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately or contact the casualty department at your nearest hospital , if you get any of the following serious side effects . stop taking this medicine straight away , but take this leaflet and / or the tablets with you . - serious allergic reactions ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): hypersensitivity reactions , so - called anaphylactic reactions , anaphylactic shock and angioedema . typical symptoms are : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( nettle rash ), severe dizziness with very fast heartbeat and heavy sweating . - serious skin reactions ( frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): rash with swelling , blistering or peeling of the skin , losing skin and bleeding around eyes , nose , mouth or genitals and rapid deterioration of your general health , or rash when exposed to the sun . - other serious reactions ( frequency not known ): yellowing of the skin and eyes ( due to severe liver damage ), or kidney problems such as painful urination and lower back pain with fever . other side effects include : - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): benign polyps in the stomach - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache ; dizziness ; diarrhoea ; feeling sick , vomiting ; bloating and flatulence ( wind ); constipation ; dry mouth ; bellyache and discomfort ; skin rash or hives ; itching ; feeling weak , exhausted or generally unwell ; sleep disorders ; increase in liver enzymes in a blood test ; fracture in the hip , wrist or spine . - rare side effects : distortion or complete lack of the sense of taste ; disturbances in vision such as blurred vision ; pain in the joints ; muscle pains ; weight changes ; raised body temperature ; swelling of the extremities ; depression ; increased bilirubin and fat levels in blood ( seen in blood tests ), breast enlargement in males ; high fever and a sharp drop in circulating granular white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ). - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): disorientation ; reduction in the number of blood platelets , which may cause you to bleed or bruise more than normal ; reduction in the number of white blood cells , which may lead to more frequent infections ; coexisting abnormal reduction in the number of red and white blood cells , as well as platelets ( seen in blood tests ). - frequency not known : hallucination , confusion ( especially in patients with a history of these symptoms ); decreased level of sodium in blood ; decreased level of magnesium in blood , rash , possibly with pain in the joints ; 26 feeling of tingling , prickling , pins and needles , burning sensation or numbness , inflammation in the large bowel , that causes persistent watery diarrhoea . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible side effects : tell a doctor immediately any signs of inflammation or infection . in some patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of opportunistic infections ( infections that occur in people with a weak immune system ), signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after hiv treatment is started . it is thought that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . autoimmune disorders , when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue , may also occur after you start taking medicines for hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . look out for any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice these or any symptoms of inflammation or infection , tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) headache dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ) tests may also show : increased levels of cholesterol and / or pancreatic amylase ( a digestive enzyme ) in the blood increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decreased appetite depression abnormal dreams sleep disorders depressed mood feeling sleepy ( somnolence ) tiredness stomach pain or discomfort being sick ( vomiting ) feeling bloated dry mouth wind ( flatulence ) diarrhoea rash tests may also show : low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) low platelet count ( a type of blood cell involved in clotting blood ) decrease in haemoglobin in your blood increased fatty acids ( triglycerides ), bilirubin or lipase in the blood 49 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs or symptoms of inflammation or infection low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) severe skin reactions including rash accompanied by fever , swelling and liver problems problems with digestion resulting in discomfort after meals swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) itching ( pruritus ) hives ( urticaria ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) if any of the side effects get serious tell your doctor . other effects that may be seen during hiv treatment the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). bone problems . some patients taking combination antiretroviral medicines such as odefsey may develop a bone disease called osteonecrosis ( death of bone tissue caused by loss of blood supply to the bone ). taking this type of medicine for a long time , taking corticosteroids , drinking alcohol , having a very weak immune system , and being overweight , may be some of the many risk factors for developing this disease . signs of osteonecrosis are : - joint stiffness - joint aches and pains ( especially of the hip , knee and shoulder ) - difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately during treatment if : you experience an allergic reaction including weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), skin rash , itchy rash ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ). you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) as this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ards ). you experience kidney injury ( glomerulonephritis ). kidney injury has been seen in patients who received filgrastim . call your doctor right away if you experience puffiness in your face or ankles , blood in your urine or brown - coloured urine or you notice you urinate less than usual . you have any of the following or a combination of the following side effects : o swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : o fever , or shivering , or feeling very cold , high heart rate , confusion or disorientation , shortness of breath , extreme pain or discomfort and clammy or sweaty skin . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your shoulder , as there may be a problem with your spleen ( enlargement of the spleen ( splenomegaly ) or rupture of the spleen ). you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine ( haematuria ). your doctor may regularly test your urine if you experience this side effect or if protein is found in your urine ( proteinuria ). a common side effect of grastofil use is pain in your muscles or bones ( musculoskeletal pain ), which can be helped by taking standard pain relief medicines ( analgesics ). in patients undergoing a stem cell or bone marrow transplant , graft versus host disease ( gvhd ) may occur - this is a reaction of the donor cells against the patient receiving the transplant ; signs and symptoms include rash on the palms of your hands or soles of your feet and ulcer and sores in your mouth , gut , liver , skin , or your eyes , lungs , vagina and joints . in normal stem cell donors an increase in white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) and a decrease of platelets may be seen , this reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ), these will be monitored by your doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decrease of platelets which reduces the ability of blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) headache diarrhoea vomiting nausea unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) 56 tiredness ( fatigue ) soreness and swelling of the digestive tract lining which runs from the mouth to the anus ( mucosal inflammation ) fever ( pyrexia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ) upper respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection decreased appetite trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness decreased feeling of sensitivity , especially in the skin ( hypoaesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) constipation oral pain enlargement of the liver ( hepatomegaly ) rash redness of the skin ( erythema ) muscle spasm pain when passing urine ( dysuria ) chest pain pain generalised weakness ( asthenia ) generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood changes in blood chemistry transfusion reaction uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increase in white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rejection of transplanted bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) liver damage caused by blocking of the small veins within the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) lungs do not function as they should , causing breathlessness ( respiratory failure ) swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) abnormal x - rays of the lungs ( lung infiltration ) bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) lack of absorption of oxygen in the lung ( hypoxia ) bumpy skin rash ( rash macuo - papular ) disease which causes bones to become less dense , making them weaker , more brittle and likely to break ( osteoporosis ) injection site reaction 57 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe pain in the bones , chest , gut or joints ( sickle cell anaemia with crisis ) sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) pain and swelling of the joints , similar to gout ( pseudogout ) a change in how your body regulates fluids within your body and may result in puffiness ( fluid volume disturbances ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . patients treated with entecavir accord have reported the following side effects : common ( at least 1 in 100 patients ): headache , insomnia ( inability to sleep ), fatigue ( extreme tiredness ), dizziness , somnolence ( sleepiness ), vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), and increased blood levels of liver enzymes . uncommon ( at least 1 in 1 , 000 patients ): rash , hair loss . rare ( at least 1 in 10 , 000 patients ): severe allergic reaction . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection of the whole - body with high fever and the feeling of being severely ill ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however can not be ruled out for twynsta . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , ankle swelling ( oedema ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): sleepiness , migraine , headache , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate , palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), flushing , cough , stomach ache ( abdominal pain ), diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), itching , joint pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain , inability to obtain an erection , weakness , chest pain , tiredness , swelling ( oedema ), increased levels of hepatic enzymes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): urinary bladder infection , feeling sad ( depression ), feeling anxious , sleeplessness , fainting , nerve damage in the hands or feet , reduced sense of touch , taste abnormalities , trembling , vomiting , enlarged gums , discomfort in the abdomen , dry mouth , eczema ( a skin disorder ), redness of skin , rash , back pain , leg pain , urge to urinate during the night , feeling unwell ( malaise ), increased levels of uric acid in the blood . very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease [ mainly pneumonia of the interstitium and pneumonia with excess eosinophils ]) the following side effects have been observed with the components telmisartan or amlodipine and may occur also with twynsta : telmisartan in patients taking telmisartan alone the following additional side effects have been reported : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels in the blood , shortness of breath , bloating , increased sweating , kidney damage including sudden inability of the kidneys to work , increased levels of creatinine . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , difficulty of breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face or low blood pressure ), low blood sugar levels ( in diabetic patients ), impaired vision , fast heart beat , upset stomach , abnormal liver function , hives ( urticaria ), medicine rash , inflammation of the tendons , flu - like illness ( for example muscle pain , feeling generally unwell ), decreased haemoglobin ( a blood protein ), increased levels of creatinine phosphokinase in the blood . most cases of abnormal liver function and liver disorder from post - marketing experience with telmisartan occurred in japanese patients . japanese patients are more likely to experience this side effect . amlodipine in patients taking amlodipine alone the following additional side effects have been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): altered bowel habits , diarrhoea , constipation , visual disturbances , double vision , ankle swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): mood changes , impaired vision , ringing in the ears , shortness of breath , sneezing / running nose , hair loss , unusual bruising and bleeding ( red blood cell damage ), skin discolouration , increased sweating , difficulty passing urine , increased need to pass urine especially at night , enlarging of male breasts , pain , weight increased , weight decreased . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): confusion . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): reduced number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face or low blood pressure ), excess sugar in blood , uncontrollable twitching or jerking movements , heart attack , irregular heart beat , inflammation of the blood vessels , inflamed pancreas , inflammation of the stomach lining ( gastritis ), inflammation of the liver , yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), increased levels of hepatic enzymes with jaundice , rapid swelling of skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), severe skin reactions , hives ( urticaria ), severe allergic reactions with blistering eruptions of the skin and mucous membranes ( exfoliative dermatitis , stevens - johnson - syndrome ), increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , increased muscle tension . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): severe allergic reactions with blistering eruptions of the skin and mucous membranes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get side effects , your doctor may tell you to take caprelsa at a lower dose . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control your side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : fainting , dizziness or heart rhythm changes . these may be signs of a change in the electrical activitiy of your heart . they are seen in 8 % of people taking caprelsa for medullary thyroid cancer . your doctor may recommend you take caprelsa at a lower dose or stop taking caprelsa . caprelsa has uncommonly been associated with life - threatening changes in heart rhythm . severe skin reactions affecting large areas of your body . the signs may include redness , pain , ulcers , blisters and shedding of the skin . the lips , nose , eyes and genitals may also be affected . these may be common ( affecting less than 1 in 10 people ) or uncommon ( affects less than 1 in 100 people ) depending on the type of skin reaction . severe diarrhoea . serious breathlessness , or sudden worsening breathlessness , possibly with a cough or a high temperature ( fever ). this may mean that you have an inflammation of the lungs called ' interstitial lung disease '. this is uncommon ( affects less than 1 in 100 people ) but can be life - threatening . seizures , headache , confusion or finding it difficult to concentrate . these may be signs of a condition called rpls ( reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome ). these usually go away when caprelsa is stopped . rpls is uncommon ( affects less than 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( affects more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat this . if it gets severe , tell your doctor straight away . abdominal pain . skin rash or acne . depression . tiredness . feeling sick ( nausea ). upset stomach ( dyspepsia ). nail disorders . being sick ( vomiting ). loss of appetite ( anorexia ). weakness ( asthenia ). high blood pressure . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat this . headache . fatigue . trouble sleeping ( insomnia ). inflammation of the nasal passages . inflammation of the main air passages to the lungs . upper respiratory tract infections . urinary tract infections . numbness or tingling of the skin . abnormal sensation of the skin . dizziness . pain . swelling caused by excess fluid ( oedema ). stones or calcium deposits in the urinary tract ( nephrolithiasis ). blurred vision , including mild changes in the eye which can lead to blurred vision ( corneal opacity ). sensitivity of the skin to sunlight . while you are taking caprelsa , protect yourself when you go outside by always using sun cream and wearing clothes to avoid exposure to the sun . common ( affects less than 1 in 10 people ) 38 dehydration . severe high blood pressure . weight loss . stroke or other conditions where the brain may not get enough blood . a type of rash that affects the hands and feet ( hand foot syndrome ). sore mouth ( stomatitis ). dry mouth . pneumonia . toxins in the blood as a complication of infection . flu . inflammation of the urinary bladder . inflammation of the sinuses . inflammation of the voice box ( larynx ). inflammation of a follicle , especially a hair follicle . boil . fungal infection . kidney infection . loss of body fluid ( dehydration ). anxiety . tremor . drowsiness . fainting . feeling unsteady . increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ). coughing up of blood . inflammation of the lung tissue . difficulty swallowing . constipation . inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ). gastrointestinal bleeding . gallstones ( cholelithiasis ). painful urination . kidney failure . frequent urination . urgent desire to urinate . fever . nose bleed ( epistaxis ). dry eye . an irritation of the eyes ( conjunctivitis ). visual impairment . halo vision . seeing flashes of light ( photopsia ). disorder of the cornea of the eye ( keratopathy ). a type of diarrhoea ( colitis ). loss of hair from the head or body ( alopecia ). changes in taste of foods ( dysgeusia ). uncommon ( affects less than 1 in 100 people ) heart failure . inflammation of the appendix ( appendicitis ). bacterial infection . inflammation of the diverticula ( small bulging pouches that can form in your digestive system ). bacterial skin infection . abdominal wall abscess . malnutrition . involuntary muscle contraction ( convulsions ). rapidly alternating muscular contraction and relaxation ( clonus ). swelling of the brain . clouding of the lens of the eye . heart rate and rhythm disorders . loss of heart function . failure of the lungs to function properly . pneumonia that happens when you breathe in foreign matter into your lungs . bowel obstruction . hole in your bowel . inability to control your bowel movements . abnormal color of urine . lack of urine . inability to heal properly . inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). blistering of skin ( bullous dermatitis ). frequency : not known an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). the following side effects may be shown in tests that may be carried out by your doctor : protein or blood in your urine ( shown in a urine test ). heart rhythm changes ( shown in an ecg ). your doctor may tell you to stop taking caprelsa or take caprelsa at a lower dose . abnormalities in your liver or pancreas ( shown in blood tests ). these do not usually cause symptoms but your doctor may want to monitor them . decreased levels of calcium in your blood . your doctor may need to prescribe or change your thyroid hormone treatment . decreased levels of potassium in your blood . increased levels of calcium in your blood . increased levels of glucose in your blood . decreased levels of sodium in your blood . decrease in thyroid function . increased levels of red cells in your blood . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia the most frequent side effect is hypoglycaemia which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ( see if you get a hypo in section 2 ). hypoglycaemic reactions are generally mild / moderate but may occasionally develop into hypoglycaemic unconsciousness or coma . if this happens , medical assistance is needed immediately . allergy allergy is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). symptoms such as swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy and sweating could be signs of anaphylactic reaction . contact a doctor immediately . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain diarrhoea rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): acute coronary syndrome ( but it may not be due to the medicine ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): vomiting constipation visual disturbances severe liver problems , abnormal liver function , such as increased liver enzymes in your blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hypersensitivity ( such as rash , itchy skin , reddening of the skin , swelling of the skin ) feeling sick ( nausea ) 30 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypersensitivity / allergic reactions allergic - type hypersensitivity reactions are possible with benefix . such reactions may include swelling of the face or throat , burning and stinging at the infusion site , chills , flushing , itching , headache , hives , low blood pressure , lethargy , nausea , restlessness , fast heart rate , tightness of the chest , tingling , vomiting , wheezing ). in some cases , these reactions have progressed to severe anaphylaxis . allergic reactions may occur together with the development of factor ix inhibitor ( see also " warnings and precautions "). these reactions are potentially life - threatening . if allergic / anaphylactic reactions occur , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care immediately . the treatment required depends on the nature and severity of side - effects ( see also " warnings and precautions "). inhibitor development patients with haemophilia b may develop neutralising antibodies ( inhibitors ) to factor ix . if such inhibitors occur , a sign may be an increase in the amount of benefix typically required to treat a bleed and or continued bleeding after treatment . in such cases , it is recommended that a specialised haemophilia centre be contacted . your doctor may want to monitor you for inhibitor development ( see " warnings and precautions "). a kidney disorder has been reported following high doses of plasma - derived factor ix to induce immune tolerance in haemophilia b patients with factor ix inhibitors and a history of allergic reactions ( see also " warnings and precautions "). thrombotic events benefix may increase the risk of thrombosis ( abnormal blood clots ) in your body if you have risk factors for developing blood clots , including an indwelling venous catheter . there have been reports of severe blood clotting events , including life - threatening blood clots in critically ill babies , while receiving continuous - infusion benefix through a central venous catheter . cases of peripheral thrombophlebitis ( pain and redness of the veins ) and deep venous thrombosis ( blood clots in the extremities ) have also been reported ; in most of these cases , benefix was administered via continuous infusion , which is not an approved method of administration . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 30 headache cough fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) hypersensitivity / allergic reactions dizziness , altered taste phlebitis ( pain and redness of veins ), flushing vomiting , nausea rash , hives chest discomfort ( including chest pain ) infusion - site reaction ( including itching and redness at the infusion site ), infusion - site pain and discomfort uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) development of neutralising antibodies ( inhibitors ) infusion site cellulitis ( pain and redness of the skin ) sleepiness , shaking vision impairment ( including blurred vision , appearance of spots / lights ) fast heart rate , low blood pressure renal infarct ( interruption to the blood supply to the kidney ) side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) anaphylactic reaction thrombotic events ( abnormal blood clots ) lack of response to treatment ( failure to stop or prevent bleeding episodes ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effect not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking xeloda immediately and contact your doctor if any of these symptoms occur : diarrhoea : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movements each day or any diarrhoea at night . vomiting : if you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . chest pain : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . if caught early , these side effects usually improve within 2 to 3 days after treatment discontinuation . if these side effects continue , however , contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . if severe stomatitis ( sores in your mouth and / or throat ), mucosal inflammation , diarrhoea , neutropenia ( increased risk for infections ), or neurotoxicity occurs during the first cycle of treatment , a dpd deficiency may be involved ( see section 2 : warning and precautions ). hand and foot skin - reaction can lead to loss of fingerprint , which could impact your identification by fingerprint scan . in addition to the above , when xeloda is used alone , very common side effects , which may affect more than 1 in 10 people are : abdominal pain rash , dry or itchy skin tiredness loss of appetite ( anorexia ) these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately when you start to experience a side effect . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the 45 dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with xeloda . this will help reduce the likelihood that the side effect continues or becomes severe . other side effects are : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : decreases in the number of white blood cells or red blood cells ( seen in tests ) dehydration , weight loss sleeplessness ( insomnia ), depression headache , sleepiness , dizziness , abnormal sensation in the skin ( numbness or tingling sensation ), taste changes eye irritation , increased tears , eye redness ( conjunctivitis ) inflammation of the veins ( thrombophlebitis ), shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , runny nose cold sores or other herpes infections infections of the lungs or respiratory system ( e . g . pneumonia or bronchitis ) bleeding from the gut , constipation , pain in upper abdomen , indigestion , excess wind , dry mouth skin rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), skin reddening , dry skin , itching ( pruritus ), skin discolouration , skin loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder pain in the joints , or in the limbs ( extremities ), chest or back fever , swelling in the limbs , feeling ill problems with liver function ( seen in blood tests ) and increased blood bilirubin ( excreted by the liver ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include : blood infection , urinary tract infection , infection of the skin , infections in the nose and throat , fungal infections ( including those of the mouth ), influenza , gastroenteritis , tooth abscess , lumps under the skin ( lipoma ) decreases in blood cells including platelets , thinning of blood ( seen in tests ) allergy diabetes , decrease in blood potassium , malnutrition , increased blood triglycerides confusional state , panic attacks , depressed mood , decreased libido difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , balance disorder , fainting , nerve damage ( neuropathy ) and problems with sensation blurred or double vision vertigo , ear pain irregular heartbeat and palpitations ( arrhythmias ), chest pain and heart attack ( infarction ) blood clots in the deep veins , high or low blood pressure , hot flushes , cold limbs ( extremities ), purple spots on the skin blood clots in the veins in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ), collapsed lung , coughing up blood , asthma , shortness of breath on exertion bowel obstruction , collection of fluid in the abdomen , inflammation of the small or large intestine , the stomach or the oesophagus , pain in the lower abdomen , abdominal discomfort , heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), blood in the stool jaundice ( yellowing of skin and eyes ) skin ulcer and blister , reaction of the skin with sunlight , reddening of palms , swelling or pain of the face joint swelling or stiffness , bone pain , muscle weakness or stiffness fluid collection in the kidneys , increased frequency of urination during the night , incontinence , blood in the urine , increase in blood creatinine ( sign of kidney dysfunction ) unusual bleeding from the vagina swelling ( oedema ), chills and rigours 46 some of these side effects are more common when capecitabine is used with other medicines for the treatment of cancer . other side - effects seen in this setting are the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : decrease in blood sodium , magnesium or calcium , increase in blood sugar nerve pain ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), loss of hearing vein inflammation hiccups , change in voice pain or altered / abnormal sensation in the mouth , pain in the jaw sweating , night sweats muscle spasm difficulty in urination , blood or protein in the urine bruising or reaction at the injection site ( caused by medicines given by injection at the same time ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : narrowing or blockage of tear duct ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) liver failure inflammation leading to dysfunction or obstruction in bile secretion ( cholestatic hepatitis ) specific changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) certain types of arrhythmia ( including ventricular fibrillation , torsade de pointes , and bradycardia ) eye inflammation causing eye pain and possibly eyesight problems inflammation of the skin causing red scaly patches due to an immune system illness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe skin reaction such as skin rash , ulceration and blistering which may involve ulcers of the mouth , nose , genitalia , hands , feet and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may be serious . please take particular note of the following : - tell your doctor immediately if you experience a heart disorder or heart rhythm disorder , such as a fast and irregular heartbeat , even when you are at rest , heart palpitations , blackouts or fainting ( this could be a sign of a condition called qt prolongation , a side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - tell your doctor immediately if you have two or more of these symptoms : weakness , light - headedness , tiredness ( fatigue ), lack of appetite , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting . this may indicate that you have adrenal insufficiency ( low cortisol levels ), a side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . adrenal insufficiency occurs when isturisa lowers the amount of cortisol too much . it is more likely to occur during periods of increased stress . your doctor will correct this by using a hormone medicine or by adjusting the dose of isturisa . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - vomiting - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - tiredness ( fatigue ) - build - up of fluid leading to swelling ( oedema ), particularly of your ankles - abnormal blood tests ( increased levels of testosterone , increased levels of adrenocorticotrophic hormone , also known as acth , low levels of potassium ) - decreased appetite - dizziness - headache - rash - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) 33 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - fast heartbeat ( tachycardia ) - general feeling of being unwell ( malaise ) - abnormal results of liver function tests - fainting ( syncope ) - excessive facial or body hair growth ( hirsutism ) - acne reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - suicidal thoughts and feeling depressed frequency of the side effects suicide attempts , suicidal behavior , suicidal thoughts and feeling depressed are not known and cannot be estimated from the available data in people taking mysimba . there have been reports of depression , suicidal thoughts , and suicide attempts during treatment with mysimba . if you have thoughts about harming yourself or other distressing thoughts , or if you are depressed and notice that you feel worse or develop new symptoms , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . - fits ( seizures ): rare - may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people taking mysimba with risk of having a fit . symptoms of a fit include convulsions and usually loss of consciousness . someone who has had a fit may be confused afterwards and may not remember what has happened . fits are more likely if you take too much , if you take some other medicines or if you are at a higher than usual risk of fits ( see section 2 ). - erythema multiforme and stevens johnson syndrome not known - frequency cannot be estimated from the available data in people taking mysimba . erythema multiforme is a severe condition of the skin that may affect the mouth and other parts of the body , with red , often itchy spots starting on the limbs . stevens johnson syndrome is a rare skin condition with severe blisters and bleeding in the lips , eyes , mouth , nose and genitals . - rhabdomyolysis not known - frequency cannot be estimated from the available data in people taking mysimba . rhabdomyolysis is an abnormal breakdown of muscle tissue which can lead to kidney problems . symptoms include severe muscle cramps , muscle pain or muscle weakness . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - anxiety 40 - dizziness , feeling of dizziness or " spinning " ( vertigo ) - feeling shaky ( tremor ) - difficulty in sleeping ( make sure you do not take mysimba near to bedtime ) - changes in the taste of food ( dysgeusia ), dry mouth - difficulty concentrating - feeling of tiredness ( fatigue ) and sleepiness , drowsiness or lack of energy ( lethargy ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - fast or irregular heartbeat - hot flush - increased blood pressure ( sometimes severe ) - pain in the upper part of the abdomen - pain in the abdomen - excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) - rash , itching ( pruritus ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - irritability - feeling jittery uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hives ( uticaria ) - hypersensitivity - abnormal dreams - feeling nervous , feeling spacey , tension , agitation , mood swings , tremor of the head or a limb which increases when trying to perform a particular function ( intention tremor ) - balance disorder - loss of memory ( amnesia ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - motion sickness - burping - abdominal discomfort - indigestion - inflammation of the gallbladder ( cholecystitis ) - increased creatinine levels in the blood ( indicating loss of kidney function ) - increased liver enzymes and bilirubin levels , liver disorders - difficulty in getting or keeping an erection - feeling abnormal , weakness ( asthenia ) - thirst , feeling hot - chest pain - increased appetite , weight gain rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - low amount of certain white blood cells ( lymphocyte count decreased ) - decreased haematocrit ( indicating loss of red blood cell volume ) - swelling of eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , which can cause great difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ) - excessive loss of body water ( dehydration ) - hallucinations - fainting , almost fainting ( presyncope ), loss of consciousness - fits - passage of fresh blood through the anus usually in or with stool ( haematochezia ) - projection of an organ or the tissue encompassing an organ through the wall of the cavity that normally contains it ( hernia ) - toothache - dental caries , cavities - pain in the lower part of the abdomen 41 - injury to the liver due to drug toxicity - jaw pain - a disorder characterised by a sudden compelling urge to urinate ( micturition urgency ) - irregular menstrual cycle , vaginal bleeding , dryness of the female vulva and vagina - coldness of extremities ( hands , feet ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - swollen glands in the neck , armpit or groin ( lymphadenopathy ) - mood disorders - irrational ideas ( delusions ) - psychosis - loss of sexual desire - feeling hostile - severe suspiciousness ( paranoia ) - aggression - attention disturbance - nightmares - confusion , disorientation - memory impairment - restlessness - muscle stiffness , uncontrolled movements , problems with walking or coordination - blurred vision , eye pain , eye irritation , eye swelling , watery eyes , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) - ear pain , ear discomfort - fluctuating blood pressure - difficulty in breathing - nasal discomfort , congestion , runny nose , sneezing , sinus disorder - sore throat , disorder of the voice , cough , yawning - haemorrhoids , ulcer - diarrhoea - passing wind ( flatulence ) - hepatitis - acne - groin pain - muscle pain - joint pain - abnormally frequent urination , painful urination - chills - increased energy reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may happen weeks or months after your last dose . bavencio acts on your immune system and may cause inflammation in parts of your body ( see section 2 ). inflammation may cause serious damage to your body and some inflammatory conditions may lead to death and need treatment or withdrawal of bavencio . seek urgent medical attention if you experience inflammation in any part of your body or if you have any of the following signs or symptoms , or if they get worse . signs of infusion - related reactions such as shortness of breath or wheezing , chills or shaking , bumpy rash or skin wheals , flushing , low blood pressure ( dizziness , fatigue , nausea ) fever , back pain , and abdominal pain . this is very common . signs of inflammation of hormone producing glands ( which may affect how the glands work ) may include extreme tiredness , rapid heartbeat , increased sweating , changes in mood or behaviour , such as irritability or forgetfulness , feeling cold , very low blood pressure ( fainting , dizziness , fatigue , nausea ), weight change or headache . this is very common for thyroid gland , common for adrenal glands , and uncommon for pituitary gland . signs of inflammation of the lungs ( pneumonitis ) may be breathing difficulties or cough . this is common . signs of inflammation of the intestines ( colitis ) may include diarrhoea ( loose stools ) or more bowel movements than usual , blood in your stools or dark , tarry , sticky stools , or severe stomach ( abdomen ) pain or tenderness . this is common . signs of liver problems , including inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) may include yellowing of your skin ( jaundice ) or the whites of your eyes , severe nausea or vomiting , pain on the right side of your stomach area ( abdomen ), drowsiness , dark urine ( tea coloured ), bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , feeling less hungry than usual , tiredness or abnormal liver function tests . this is common . signs of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may include abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting . this is uncommon . signs of inflammation of the heart ( myocarditis ) may include trouble breathing , dizziness or fainting , fever , chest pain and chest tightness or flu like symptoms . this is uncommon . signs of type 1 diabetes may include feeling more hungry or thirsty than usual , needing to urinate more often , weight loss , and feeling tired . this is uncommon . signs of inflammation of the kidney may include abnormal kidney function tests , urinating less than usual , blood in your urine , or swelling in your ankles . this is uncommon . signs of inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) may include muscle pain or weakness . this is uncommon . do not try to treat yourself with other medicines . other side effects some side effects may not have symptoms and may only be discovered through blood tests . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials with avelumab alone : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of red blood cells nausea , loose stools , constipation , vomiting belly pain , back pain , joint pain cough , shortness of breath feeling tired or weak fever 43 swelling in the arms , feet or legs weight loss , feeling less hungry common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) increases or decreases in blood pressure headache , dizziness feeling cold dryness in the mouth increased pancreatic enzymes in the blood skin rash , itching muscle pain flu - like illness ( includes feeling of fever , muscle aches ) numbness , tingling , weakness , burning sensation in arms or legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decrease in the number of platelets in the blood redness in the skin bowel occlusion red , itchy , scaly patches on the skin inflammatory reaction of the whole body ( systemic inflammatory response syndrome ) inflammation of the eye increased liver enzymes in the blood increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( eosinophils ) increased muscle enzyme in the blood guillain - barré syndrome ( an immune system disorder that causes nerve inflammation and can result in pain , numbness , muscle weakness and difficulty walking ) the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials with avelumab in combination with axitinib : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) loose stools , nausea , constipation , vomiting increases in blood pressure feeling tired or weak hoarseness , cough , shortness of breath feeling less hungry , weight loss headache , dizziness joint pain , back pain , belly pain , muscle pain increased liver enzymes in the blood feeling cold skin rash , itching fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) red , itchy , scaly patches on the skin , acne - like rash swelling in the arms , feet or legs dryness in the mouth increased pancreatic enzymes in the blood decreased kidney function decrease in the number of red blood cells decreases in blood pressure increased glucose in the blood flu - like illness ( includes feeling of fever , muscle aches ) 44 increased muscle enzyme in the blood decrease in the number of platelets in the blood numbness , tingling , weakness , burning sensation in arms or legs redness in the skin uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( eosinophils ) bowel occlusion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur when taking oxlumo : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people redness , pain , itching , swelling , discomfort , colour changes , mass , induration , rash , bruising or exfoliation at the site of the injection ( injection site reaction ). stomach pain or discomfort ( abdominal pain ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea diarrhoea is normally short lived ; however , if you experience severe or prolonged diarrhoea ( passing frequent or watery stools for 7 days or more ) and feel lightheaded , dizzy or faint , stop taking constella and contact your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach or abdominal pain feeling bloated wind stomach flu ( viral gastroenteritis ) feeling dizzy uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): lack of control over passing stools ( faecal incontinence ) urgency to pass stools feeling lightheaded after standing up quickly dehydration low level of potassium in your blood decreased appetite rectal bleeding bleeding from the bowel or rectum including bleeding from piles / haemorrhoids nausea vomiting hives ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): bicarbonate decrease in your blood side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): 27 rash reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): severe kidney impairment ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain specific blood tests ). low level of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing sores inside the mouth or jaw , discharge , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid accord or after stopping treatment . irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving zoledronic acid for postmenopausal osteoporosis . it is currently unclear whether zoledronic acid causes this irregular heart rhythm but you should report it to your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid . severe allergic reaction : shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . osteonecrosis has also very rarely been seen occurring with other bones than the jaw , especially the hip or thigh . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , pain or stiffness while being treated with zoledronic acid accord or after stopping treatment . tell your doctor about any of the following side effects as soon as possible : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , drowsiness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . conjunctivitis . low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): hypersensitivity reactions . low blood pressure . chest pain . skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , rash , itching . high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , diarrhoea constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . weight increase . increased sweating . sleepiness . blurred vision , tearing of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . sudden coldness with fainting , limpness or collapse . difficulty in breathing with wheezing or coughing . urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): slow heart beat . confusion . unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling . painful redness and / or swelling of the eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): fainting due to low blood pressure . severe bone , joint and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common side effects are pain in limb ( frequency is very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and feeling sick , headache and dizziness ( frequency is common ). if you become dizzy ( light - headed ) after your injection , you should sit or lie down until you feel better . if you do not feel better , you should call a doctor before you continue treatment . cases of fainting have been reported in association with teriparatide use . if you experience discomfort such as redness of the skin , pain , swelling , itching , bruising or minor bleeding around the area of the injection ( frequency is common ), this should clear up in a few days or weeks . otherwise tell your doctor as soon as possible . some patients may have experienced allergic reactions soon after injection , consisting of breathlessness , swelling of the face , rash and chest pain ( frequency is rare ). in rare cases , serious and potentially life - threatening allergic reactions including anaphylaxis can occur . other side effects include : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increase in blood cholesterol levels depression neuralgic pain in the leg feeling faint irregular heart beats breathlessness increased sweating muscle cramps loss of energy tiredness chest pain low blood pressure heartburn ( painful or burning sensation just below the breast bone ) being sick ( vomiting ) a hernia of the tube that carries food to your stomach 24 low haemoglobin or red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate abnormal heart sound shortness of breath haemorrhoids ( piles ) accidental loss or leakage of urine increased need to pass water weight increase kidney stones pain in the muscles and pain in the joints . some patients have experienced severe back cramps or pain which lead to hospitalization . increase in blood calcium level increase in blood uric acid level increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people reduced kidney function , including renal failure swelling , mainly in the hands , feet and legs . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , uptravi can cause side effects . you may experience side effects not only during the titration period when your dose is being increased , but also later after taking the same dose for a long time . if you experience any of these side effects : headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), jaw pain , muscle pain , leg pain , joint pain , or reddening of the face , that you cannot tolerate or that cannot be treated , you should contact your doctor as the dose you are taking maybe too high for you and may need to be reduced . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing ( reddening of the face ) - nausea and vomiting ( feeling sick and being sick ) - diarrhoea - jaw pain , muscle pain , joint pain , leg pain - nasopharyngitis ( stuffy nose ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anaemia ( low red blood cell levels ) - hyperthyroidism ( overactive thyroid gland ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - stomach pain - pain - changes in some blood test results including those measuring blood cell counts or your thyroid function - rashes , including hives , may cause a burning or stinging sensation and skin redness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate reporting of side effects if you have any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you suffer from any of the below side effects . in some cases your doctor may need to reduce your dose of tarceva or interrupt treatment : diarrhoea and vomiting ( very common : may affect more than 1 out of 10 people ). persistent and severe diarrhoea may lead to low blood potassium and impairment of your kidney function , particularly if you receive other chemotherapy treatments at the same time . if you experience more severe or persistent diarrhoea contact your doctor immediately as your doctor may need to treat you in the hospital . eye irritation due to conjunctivitis / keratoconjunctivitis ( very common : may affect more than 1 out of 10 people ) and keratitis ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). form of lung irritation called interstitial lung disease ( uncommon in european patients ; common in japanese patients : may affect up to 1 in 100 people in europe and up to 1 in 10 in japan ). this disease can also be linked to the natural progression of your medical condition and can have a fatal outcome in some cases . if you develop symptoms such as sudden difficulty in breathing associated with cough or fever contact your doctor immediately as you could suffer from this disease . your doctor may decide to permanently stop your treatment with tarceva . gastrointestinal perforations have been observed ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor if you have severe pain in your abdomen . also , tell your doctor if you had peptic ulcers or diverticular disease in the past , as this may increase this risk . in rare cases liver failure was observed ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if your blood tests indicate severe changes in your liver function , your doctor may need to interrupt your treatment . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rash which may occur or worsen in sun exposed areas . if you are exposed to sun , protective clothing , and / or use of sunscreen ( e . g . mineral - containing ) may be advisable infection loss of appetite , decreased weight depression headache , altered skin sensation or numbness in the extremities difficulty in breathing , cough nausea mouth irritation stomach pain , indigestion and flatulence abnormal blood tests for the liver function itching , dry skin and loss of hair tiredness , fever , rigors common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding from the nose bleeding from the stomach or the intestines inflammatory reactions around the fingernail infection of hair follicles acne cracked skin ( skin fissures ) 40 reduced kidney function ( when given outside the approved indications in combination with chemotherapy ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): eyelash changes excess body and facial hair of a male distribution pattern eyebrow changes brittle and loose nails rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): flushed or painful palms or soles ( palmar plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): cases of perforation or ulceration of the cornea severe blistering or peeling of skin ( suggestive of stevens - johnson syndrome ) inflammation of the coloured part of the eye reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . important side effects it is important to contact your doctor immediately - if you experience an allergic reaction including weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ( anaphylaxis ), skin rash , itchy rash ( urticaria ), swelling of the face lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ). - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) as this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ards ). - if you experience kidney injury ( glomerulonephritis ). kidney injury has been seen in patients who received filgrastim . call your doctor right away if you experience puffiness in your face or ankles , blood in your urine or brown - coloured urine or you notice you urinate less than usual . if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , or feeling very cold , high heart rate , confusion or disorientation , shortness of breath , extreme pain or discomfort and clammy or sweaty skin . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or pain at the tip of your shoulder , as there may be a problem with your spleen ( enlargement of the spleen ( splenomegaly ) or rupture of the spleen ). - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine ( haematuria ). your doctor may regularly test your urine if you experience this side effect or if protein is found in your urine ( proteinuria ). a common side effect of ratiograstim use is pain in your muscles or bones ( musculoskeletal pain ), which could be relieved by taking standard pain relief medicines ( analgesics ). in patients undergoing a stem cell or bone marrow transplant , graft versus host disease ( gvhd ) may occur - this is a reaction of the donor cells against the patient receiving the transplant ; signs and symptoms include rash on the palms of your hands or soles of your feet and ulcer and sores in your mouth , gut , liver , skin , or your eyes , lungs , vagina and joints . in normal stem cell donors an increase in white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) and a decrease of platelets may be seen this reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ), these will be monitored by your doctor . you may experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decrease of platelets which reduces the ability of blood to clot ( thrombocytopenia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) headache diarrhoea vomiting nausea unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) tiredness ( fatigue ) soreness and swelling of the digestive tract lining which runs from the mouth to the anus ( mucosal inflammation ) fever ( pyrexia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ) upper respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection decreased appetite trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness decreased feeling of sensitivity , especially in the skin ( hypoaesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) constipation oral pain enlargement of the liver ( hepatomegaly ) rash redness of the skin ( erythema ) muscle spasm pain when passing urine ( dysuria ) chest pain pain generalised weakness ( asthenia ) generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood changes in blood chemistry transfusion reaction uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increase in white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) 48 allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rejection of transplanted bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) liver damage caused by blocking of the small veins within the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) lungs do not function as they should , causing breathlessness ( respiratory failure ) swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) abnormal x - rays of the lungs ( lung infiltration ) bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) lack of absorption of oxygen in the lung ( hypoxia ) bumpy skin rash ( rash macuo - papular ) disease which causes bones to become less dense , making them weaker , more brittle and likely to break ( osteoporosis ) injection site reaction rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe pain in the bones , chest , gut or joints ( sickle cell anaemia with crisis ) sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction pain and swelling of the joints , similar to gout ( pseudogout ) a change in how your body regulates fluids within your body and may result in puffiness ( fluid volume disturbances ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased inflammation of aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people stop taking zurampic and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a problem with your kidneys you may need urgent medical treatment : - pain in your side ( below your ribs and above your hipbone ), - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), - changes in urination or difficulty urinating , - feeling tired or unwell or loss of appetite . other side effects include : common may affect up to 1 in 10 people - flu ( influenza ), - headache , - increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood - shown in tests , - heartburn ( acid reflux ). uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people - kidney stones , - dehydration ( loss of too much fluid from your body ). rare may affect up to 1 in 1000 people - skin reactions , including redness , itchy skin , lumpy rash ( hives ) and skin rash on exposure to sunshine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irritation or pain where the injection is given ( including the breast and skin ) wound pain , wound opening or accumulation of fluid at surgical site feeling sick ( nausea ) or dizzy blurred vision difficulty speaking headache increased heart rate frequent or urgent need to urinate feeling of warmth , a pricking or tingling sensation , or pain in an extremity , shoulder , the neck or jaw flushing high levels of calcium in the blood this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start darunavir krka d . d .. if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , your doctor should check your blood tests more often because you have an increased chance of developing liver problems . talk to your doctor about the signs and symptoms of liver problems . these may include yellowing of your skin or whites of your eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) urine , pale coloured stools ( bowel movements ), nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , or pain , aching , or pain and discomfort on your right side below your ribs . skin rash ( more often when used in combination with raltegravir ), itching . the rash is usually mild to moderate . a skin rash might also be a symptom of a rare severe situation . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether darunavir krka d . d . must be stopped . other severe side effectswere diabetes ( common ) and inflammation of the pancreas ( uncommon ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain or distension , dyspepsia , flatulence headache , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , numbness , tingling or pain in hands or feet , loss of strength , difficulty falling asleep . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , changes in electrocardiogram , rapid heart beating decreased or abnormal skin sensibility , pins and needles , attention disturbance , loss of memory , problems with your balance difficulty breathing , cough , nosebleed , throat irritation inflammation of the stomach or mouth , heartburn , retching , dry mouth , discomfort of the abdomen , constipation , belching kidney failure , kidney stones , difficult discharge of urine , frequent or excessive passage of urine , sometimes at night urticaria , severe swelling of the skin and other tissues ( most often the lips or the eyes ), eczema , excessive sweating , night sweats , hair loss , acne , scaly skin , colouration of nails muscle pain , muscle cramps or weakness , pain in extremity , osteoporosis slowing down of the thyroid gland function . this can be seen in a blood test . high blood pressure , flushing red or dry eyes fever , swelling of lower limbs due to fluids , malaise , irritability , pain symptoms of infection , herpes simplex erectile dysfunction , enlargement of breasts sleeping problems , sleepiness , depression , anxiety , abnormal dreams , decrease in sexual drive rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 98 a reaction called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , fatigue , swelling of the face or lymph glands , increase of eosinophils ( type of white blood cells ), effects on liver , kidney or lung ] heart attack , slow heart beating , palpitations visual disturbance chills , feeling abnormal a feeling of confusion or disorientation , altered mood , restlessness fainting , epileptic fits , changes or loss of taste mouth sores , vomiting blood , inflamation of the lips , dry lips , coated tongue running nose skin lesions , dry skin stiffness of muscles or joints , joint pain with or without inflammation changes in some values of your blood cells or chemistry . these can be seen in the results of blood and / or urine tests . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in some white blood cells . some side effects are typical for anti - hiv medicines in the same family as darunavir krka d . d .. these are : muscle pain , tenderness or weakness . on rare occasions , these muscle disorders have been serious . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . when you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of lamivudine teva pharma b . v . or other medicines you are taking , or an effect of the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . as well as the side effects listed below for lamivudine teva pharma b . v ., other conditions can develop during combination therapy for hiv . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : headache feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pains tiredness , lack of energy fever ( high temperature ) general feeling of being unwell muscle pain and discomfort joint pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) cough irritated or runny nose rash hair loss ( alopecia ). uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : uncommon side effects that may show up in blood tests are : a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ) a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) or low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) an increase in the level of liver enzymes . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : serious allergic reaction causing swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) breakdown of muscle tissue liver disorders , such as jaundice , enlarged liver or fatty liver , inflammation ( hepatitis ). a rare side effect that may show up in blood tests is : an increase in an enzyme called amylase . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) tingling or numbness of the arms , legs , hands or feet . a very rare side effect that may show up in blood tests is : a failure of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia ). if you get side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects gets severe or troublesome , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet . other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv combination therapy including lamivudine teva pharma b . v . may cause other conditions to develop during hiv treatment . old infections may flare up people with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems , and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). when these people start treatment , they may find that old , hidden infections flare up , causing signs and symptoms of inflammation . these symptoms are probably caused by the body ' s immune system becoming stronger , so that the body starts to fight these infections . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection while you are taking lamivudine teva pharma b . v .: tell your doctor immediately . do not take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue die because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids if they drink alcohol if their immune systems are very weak if they are overweight . signs of osteonecrosis include : stiffness in the joints aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) difficulty moving . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 39 listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following two side effects are important and will require immediate action . tell your doctor straight away if you have any unexplained muscular pain or cramps , tenderness , or weakness . this is because on very rare occasions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), muscle problems can be serious , including muscle breakdown resulting in kidney damage , and very rarely deaths have occurred . sudden severe allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lip , tongue or wind pipe which can cause great difficulty in breathing . this is a very rare reaction which can be serious if it occurs . you should tell your doctor immediately if it happens . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) digestive effects : gastric or intestinal disorders ( abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , upper abdominal pain with bloating ( dyspepsia ), burping ( eructation )). effects on liver : raised serum transaminases . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) abnormal heartbeat ( palpitations ), formation of blood clots in veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) and blockage of the lung arteries by blood clots ( pulmonary embolism ) rashes , skin rash , itching , hives or reactions to sunlight or exposure to uv light ( photosensitivity reactions ), scalp / hair abnormality ( including hair loss ) effects on nervous system : dizziness ( sensation of unsteadiness ), headache , sleep disturbances ( including difficulty sleeping and nightmares ), pins and needles sensation ( paresthesia ). muscle and joint pain ( myalgia , arthralgia ), back pain , alterations in some laboratory blood tests for muscle function . problems with sight such as blurred or double vision . kidney problems ( increased or decreased levels of certain enzymes within the body seen in a test ) bladder problems ( painful or frequent urination , having to pass water at night ), sexual dysfunction . tiredness , weakness , influenza - like illness . hypersensitivity . increased blood cholesterol , increased blood triglycerides , increased ldl , increased gamma - glutamyl transferase ( various liver enzymes ), liver pain ( upper right abdominal pain with or without pain in the back ), increased weight . obesity . muscle inflammation ( myositis ), muscular cramps and weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decrease in haemoglobin ( oxygen - carrying pigment in blood ) and leukocytes ( white blood cells ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), symptoms of which may be mild yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), abdominal pain and itching . muscle breakdown ( rhabdomyolysis ), some cases of tendon problems , sometimes complicated by rupture . a condition characterised by an inflammation of the muscles and the skin ( dermatomyositis ). skin rash , possibly with pain in the joints ( erythematous lupus like syndrome ). tingling and numbness ( peripheral polyneuropathy ). side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) muscle weakness that is constant skin rash ( lichenoid eruption ) possible side effects reported with some statins ( same type of cholesterol - lowering medicines as pravastatin ) memory loss depression breathing problems including persistent cough / or shortness of breath or fever . diabetes . this is more likely if you have high levels of sugars and fats in your blood , are overweight and have high blood pressure . your doctor will monitor you while you are taking this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects that occurred during clinical trials with cervarix were as follows : very common ( side effects which may occur in more than 1 per 10 doses of vaccine ): pain or discomfort at the injection site redness or swelling at the injection site headache aching muscles , muscle tenderness or weakness ( not caused by exercise ) tiredness 40 common ( side effects which may occur in less than 1 per 10 but more than 1 per 100 doses of vaccine ): gastrointestinal symptoms including nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and abdominal pain itching , red skin rash , hives ( urticaria ) joint pain fever (≥ 38 ) uncommon ( side effects which may occur in less than 1 per 100 but more than 1 per 1 , 000 doses of vaccine ): upper respiratory tract infection ( infection of the nose , throat or trachea ) dizziness other injection site reactions such as hard lump , tingling or numbness . side effects that have been reported during marketed use of cervarix include : allergic reactions . these can be recognised by : itchy rash of the hands and feet , swelling of the eyes and face , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these reactions will usually occur before leaving the doctor ' s surgery . however , if your child gets any of these symptoms you should contact a doctor urgently . swollen glands in the neck , armpit or groin fainting sometimes accompanied by shaking or stiffness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . the majority of side effects seen with optruma have been mild . the most common side effects ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) are : hot flushes ( vasodilatation ) flu syndrome gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and stomach upset increased blood pressure common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) are : headache including migraine leg cramps swelling of hands , feet and legs ( peripheral oedema ) gallstones rash mild breast symptoms such as pain , enlargement and tenderness uncommon side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1000 ) are : increased risk of blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) increased risk of blood clots in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) increased risk of blood clots in the eyes ( retinal vein thrombosis ) skin around the vein is red and painful ( superficial vein thrombophlebitis ) blood clot in an artery ( for example stroke , including an increased risk of dying from stroke ) decrease in the number of the platelets in the blood in rare cases , blood levels of liver enzymes may increase during treatment with optruma . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v *. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible if you get any unexpected symptoms while you are being given simulect , or during the 8 weeks afterwards , even if you do not think that they are related to the medicine . sudden severe allergic reactions have been reported in patients treated with simulect . if you notice sudden signs of allergy such as rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fast heart beat , dizziness , light headedness , shortness of breath , sneezing , wheezing or trouble breathing , severely decreased urine output , or fever and flu - like symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . in adults , the most commonly reported side effects were constipation , nausea , diarrhoea , weight increase , headache , pain , swelling of hands , ankles or feet , high blood pressure , anaemia , changes in blood chemistry ( e . g . potassium , cholesterol , phosphate , creatinine ), surgical wound complications , and various kinds of infections . in children , the most commonly reported side effects were constipation , excessive growth of normal hair , runny or blocked nose , fever , high blood pressure , and various kinds of infections . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ( very common ) vyxeos liposomal may reduce the number of white blood cells , which fight infection , and also the blood cells which help the blood to clot ( platelets ) leading to bleeding disorders such as nosebleeds and bruising . vyxeos liposomal may also cause heart problems and damage to the heart muscle . therefore you must tell your doctor immediately if you experience : fever , chills , sore throat , cough , mouth ulcers or any other symptoms of infection bleeding or bruising without injury chest pain or leg pain feeling short of breath . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the side effects listed above . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): a fall in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) which may cause bruising or bleeding fever , often with other signs of infection , due to very low white blood cells ( febrile neutropenia ) slow , fast , or irregular heartbeat , chest pain ( which may be a sign of infection ) problems with your sight , blurred vision pain or swelling of the tissue lining the digestive system ( mucositis ), or pain in the abdomen ( belly ), constipation , loss of appetite , diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ) or vomiting redness of skin , rashes , muscle aches , headache , bone pain , joint pain , tiredness , generalised swelling including swelling of your arms and legs headache , dizziness , confusion , difficulty sleeping , anxiety kidney failure shortness of breath , cough , fluid in the lungs itching bleeding increased blood pressure or a fall in blood pressure chills , low body temperature , or high body temperature 30 increased sweating common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): a fall in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) leading to tiredness and weakness kidney failure and abnormal blood tests due to massive death of cancer cells ( tumour lysis syndrome ). stomach cramps or excessive gas excessive sweating at night hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): numbness and rash in the hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice any of the following , or any other changes in your health , do tell your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects that may occur commonly : drowsiness ; memory difficulties ; sensations like tingling , e . g . in the extremities ( paraesthesia ); painful menstruation . uncommon side effects include : dizziness ; weakness ; reduced coordination of movements ; unsteadiness and / or falls ( ataxia ); decreased concentration ; apathy ; restlessness ; depression ; agitation ; irritability ; confusion ; abnormal thinking and behaviour ( extroversion that seems out of character , decreased inhibition , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , psychosis ); nightmares ; hallucinations ; double vision or other sight problems ; increased sensitivity to noise ( hyperacusis ); smell disorder ( parosmia ); speech disorders , including slurred speech ; numbness , e . g . in the extremities ( hypoaesthesia ); nausea ; decreased appetite ; increased sensitivity to light ( sunlight , uv light ); feeling vaguely ill ( malaise ). in very rare cases , allergic reactions , some severe , sometimes with difficulty in breathing , have been reported and may require immediate medical care . an allergic reaction may also include a rash , itching , or swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue . increases in transaminases ( a group of liver enzymes occurring naturally in the blood ) have been reported , which may be a sign of liver problems . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . do not stop taking this medicine without first talking to your doctor . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) headache , dizziness , sleepiness feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , wind ( flatulence ) rash feeling tired blood tests may also show : increased levels of liver enzymes ( alt ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : nightmares , depression , anxiety , irritability , confusion , suicidal thoughts trouble concentrating , memory problems , tingling of hands and feet , stiff muscles , poor quality sleep high blood pressure constipation , stomach discomfort , swollen or bloated stomach ( abdominal distension ), indigestion , soft stools , stomach spasms itchiness muscle pain , joint pain feeling weak , general feeling of being unwell blood tests may also show : decreased levels of phosphate increased levels of liver enzymes ( ast ) increased levels of lipase increased levels of amylase decreased levels of haemoglobin rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people aggression , hallucinations , difficulty adjusting to changes , mood changes , sleep walking difficulty breathing , enlarged tonsils feeling of incomplete defecation inflammation of the skin due to allergy , redness on the cheeks , nose , chin or forehead , bumps or pimples on the face kidney damage , kidney problems , kidney stones pain in the chest , feeling cold , pain , thirst blood tests may also show : decreased levels of magnesium increased levels of creatine phosphokinase 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by genvoya or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . possible serious side effects : tell a doctor immediately any signs of inflammation or infection . in some patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of opportunistic infections ( infections that occur in people with a weak immune system ), signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is thought that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . autoimmune disorders , when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue , may also occur after you start taking medicines for hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . look out for any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity . if you notice the side effects described above , tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) abnormal dreams headache dizziness diarrhoea vomiting stomach pain wind ( flatulence ) rash tiredness ( fatigue ) 50 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) suicidal thoughts and suicide attempt ( in patients who have had depression or mental health problems before ), depression problems with digestion resulting in discomfort after meals ( dyspepsia ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) itching ( pruritus ) hives ( urticaria ) if any of the side effects get serious tell your doctor . other effects that may be seen during hiv treatment the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). bone problems . some patients taking combination antiretroviral medicines such as genvoya may develop a bone disease called osteonecrosis ( death of bone tissue caused by loss of blood supply to the bone ). taking this type of medicine for a long time , taking corticosteroids , drinking alcohol , having a very weak immune system , and being overweight , may be some of the many risk factors for developing this disease . signs of osteonecrosis are : - joint stiffness - joint aches and pains ( especially of the hip , knee and shoulder ) - difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , raptiva can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects in this section are given with an estimation of the frequency with which they may occur . for this purpose the following classification has been used : very common : side effects that may occur in more than 1 out of 10 patients ; common : side effects that may occur in 1 to 10 out of 100 patients ; uncommon : side effects that may occur in 1 to 10 out of 1 , 000 patients ; rare : side effects that may occur in 1 to 10 out of 10 , 000 patients ; very rare : side effects that may occur in less than 1 out of 10 , 000 patients ; raptiva may cause mild to moderate flu - like symptoms including headache , chills , nausea , muscle aches and occasionally fever within 48 hours of an injection of raptiva . these symptoms are very common and occur most often after the first two doses and decrease with continued use . if any of these symptoms are severe or persist , you should contact your doctor . in clinical trials , visible side effects at the injection site and injection site pain were uncommon . tell your doctor or go to the local casualty and stop using raptiva immediately if you : notice serious hypersensitivity or allergic reactions , such as anaphylaxis . symptoms of an allergic reaction are common and generally include overall body itching , hives , skin flushing or rash . anaphylaxis is a more serious allergic reaction that may involve dizziness , vomiting , low blood pressure , and difficulty with breathing . prompt medical care is needed since serious allergic reactions may be potentially life - threatening . notice symptoms of low blood platelet counts , such as easy bleeding from the gums , bruising or pinpoint red spots on the skin . these symptoms are uncommon . notice signs of nerve disorder such as tingling or onset of weakness in legs or arms or new or sudden change in thinking , balance , strength , talking , walking or vision . notice severe headache accompanied with nuchal rigidity . this may occur rarely in particular at the beginning of the treatment . are diagnosed with cancer . develop a diffuse skin rash or blisters in your oral cavity . tell your doctor and discuss with him your general health if you notice any of the following : back pain , joints pain , headache , vomiting , weakness , fatigue or rash . these common side effects have not been clearly associated with raptiva but have been observed when using it . your doctor may want to examine you more closely and ask you to have blood tests . fever or if you think that you have an infection . raptiva acts on the immune system , which may potentially increase your risk of infectious diseases or may reactivate old infections . infections are very common . a relapse or flare or strong worsening of psoriasis or red , inflamed psoriatic plaques , sometimes with swelling of your arms or legs or joint inflammation , especially after stopping raptiva . these side effects are common . shortness of breath or any persistent respiratory difficulties . signs of facial paralysis usually on one side of the face ( such as weakness of face muscles and dribbling ) possibly preceded by pain in the ear area . generally patients with facial paralysis recover within a few weeks without any specific treatment . certain laboratory tests may change , such as the number of white or red blood cells ( including leukocytes and lymphocytes ) as well as alkaline phosphatase and alt values ( blood laboratory values ). these changes , which may be associated with the use of raptiva , can usually only be detected with blood tests . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the infusion must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following early symptoms of allergic reactions : rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching swelling of lips and tongue difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest general feeling of being unwell dizziness and loss of consciousness severe symptoms , including difficulty in breathing and ( nearly ) fainting , require prompt emergency treatment . severe , sudden allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). inhibitor development for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens , your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have never been previously treated with factor viii products headache cough joint pain fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bleeding dizziness decreased appetite , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea hives , rash , itching muscular pain chills , catheter site reaction certain blood tests may show an increase in antibodies to factor viii uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have been previously treated with factor viii products ( less than 1 in 100 patients ) 35 severe allergic reaction numbness , sleepiness , altered taste chest pain , rapid heart beat , palpitations low blood pressure , pain and redness of veins associated with a blood clot , flushing shortness of breath excessive sweating weakness , injection site reactions including pain slight increase in heart enzymes increased liver enzymes , increased bilirubin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) or common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rapid weight gain . imatinib teva b . v . may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). signs of infection such as fever , severe chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers . imatinib teva b . v . can reduce the number of white blood cells , so you might get infections more easily . unexpected bleeding or bruising ( when you have not hurt yourself ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): chest pain , irregular heart rhythm ( signs of heart problems ). cough , having difficulty breathing or painful breathing ( signs of lung problems ). feeling light - headed , dizzy or fainting ( signs of low blood pressure ). feeling sick ( nausea ), with loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). rash , red skin with blisters on the lips , eyes , skin or mouth , peeling skin , fever , raised red or purple skin patches , itching , burning sensation , pustular eruption ( signs of skin problems ). severe abdominal pain , blood in your vomit , stools or urine , black stools ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ). severely decreased urine output , feeling thirsty ( signs of kidney problems ). feeling sick ( nausea ) with diarrhoea and vomiting , abdominal pain or fever ( signs of bowel problems ). severe headache , weakness or paralysis of limbs or face , difficulty speaking , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems such as bleeding or swelling in skull / brain ). pale skin , feeling tired and breathlessness and having dark urine ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). eye pain or deterioration in vision , bleeding in the eyes . pain in your hips or difficulty walking . numb or cold toes and fingers ( signs of raynaud ' s syndrome ). sudden swelling and redness of the skin ( signs of a skin infection called cellulitis ). difficulty hearing . muscle weakness and spasms with an abnormal heart rhythm ( signs of changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ). bruising . stomach pain with feeling sick ( nausea ). muscle spasms with a fever , red - brown urine , pain or weakness in your muscles ( signs of muscle problems ). pelvic pain sometimes with nausea and vomiting , with unexpected vaginal bleeding , feeling dizzy or fainting due to low blood pressure ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ). nausea , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , tiredness and / or joint discomfort associated with abnormal laboratory test results ( eg . high potassium , uric acid and calcium levels and low phosphorous levels in the blood ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): combination of a widespread severe rash , feeling sick , fever , high level of certain white blood cells or yellow skin or eyes ( signs of jaundice ) with breathlessness , chest pain / discomfort , severely decreased urine output and feeling thirsty etc . ( signs of a treatment - related allergic reaction ). chronic renal failure . recurrence ( reactivation ) of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you get any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache or feeling tired . feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or indigestion . rash . muscle cramps or joint , muscle or bone pain , during treatment with imatinib teva b . v . or after you have stopped taking imatinib teva b . v . swelling such as round your ankles or puffy eyes . weight gain . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anorexia , weight loss or a disturbed sense of taste . feeling dizzy or weak . difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ). discharge from the eye with itching , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ), watery eyes or having blurred vision . nose bleeds . pain or swelling in your abdomen , flatulence , heartburn or constipation . itching . unusual hair loss or thinning . numbness of the hands or feet . mouth ulcers . joint pain with swelling . dry mouth , dry skin or dry eye . decreased or increased skin sensitivity . hot flushes , chills or night sweats . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): reddening and / or swelling on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . slowing of growth in children and adolescents . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are severe breathing problems like slow and shallow breathing , which may even lead to stopping breathing or inability to breathe . in case you experience any of the above mentioned side effects , stop taking zalviso and tell your doctor or nurse immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): confusion , dizziness , headache , drowsiness , increased heart rate , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , constipation , indigestion , itching of the skin , involuntary muscle cramps , muscle twitching , difficulty passing urine . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions , lack of interest or emotion , nervousness , sleepiness , abnormal sensation of the skin , problems coordinating muscle movements , muscle contractions , exaggeration of reflexes , vision disturbances , decreased heart rate , dry mouth , excessive sweating , rash , dry skin , chills , weakness . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ), convulsion ( fits ), coma , small pupil size , redness of the skin , withdrawal syndrome . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): fever tiredness ( fatigue ) headache feeling drowsy loss of appetite feeling irritable 68 swelling , pain and redness where the injection is given . common ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): bruising ( haematoma ) where the injection is given stomach and digestion problems such as diarrhoea , vomiting and nausea rash ( infants ). uncommon ( these may occur with up to 1 in 100 doses of the vaccine ): rash crying itching feeling dizzy aching muscles pain in the arms or legs generally feeling unwell difficulty sleeping decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the skin reactions where the injection is given such as itching , a feeling of warmth or numbness or a hard lump . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data injection site swelling and redness ; this may affect a large area of the vaccinated limb reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects to sonovue are rare and usually not serious . however , some patients may experience serious side effects and may require treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , you may need medical treatment : swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may make it difficult to swallow or breathe ; skin rash ; hives ; swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . the following side effects have been reported with sonovue : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - headache - numbness - dizziness - strange taste in the mouth - redness - chest discomfort - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abdominal pain - skin rash - feeling hot - local reactions where the injection was given such as : pain or an unusual sensation at the injection site rare ( may affect up 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blurred vision - decrease in blood pressure - itching - back pain - pain in general - chest pain - fatigue - severe and less severe allergic reaction ( including redness of the skin , decrease in heart rate , decrease in blood pressure , breathlessness , loss of consciousness , cardiac / cardio - respiratory arrest or more severe reaction with difficulties in breathing and dizziness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - chest pain , radiating to the neck or the left arm , which can be a sign of a potentially serious allergic reaction called kounis syndrome - faintness - in some of the cases of allergic reactions , in patients with cardiac blood vessel disease , lack of oxygen supply of the heart or cardiac arrest were reported - vomiting 23 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when trumenba is given to your or your child , the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling and pain at injection site - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - muscle pain - joint pain - chills - fatigue common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting - fever ≥ 38 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking esbriet and tell your doctor immediately if you experience swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , or feeling faint , which are signs of angioedema , a serious allergic reaction or anaphylaxis . if you experience yellowing of the eyes or skin , or dark urine , potentially accompanied by itching of the skin , which are signs of abnormal liver function tests . these are rare side effects . other side effects may include talk to your doctor if you get any side effects . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions after going out in the sun or using sunlamps feeling sick ( nausea ) tiredness diarrhoea indigestion or stomach upset loss of appetite headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the throat or the airways going into the lungs and / or sinusitis bladder infections weight loss difficulty sleeping 88 dizziness feeling sleepy changes in taste hot flushes shortness of breath cough stomach problems such as acid reflux , vomiting , feeling bloated , abdominal pain and discomfort , heart burn , feeling constipated and passing wind blood tests may show increased levels of liver enzymes skin problems such as itchy skin , skin redness or red skin , dry skin , skin rash muscle pain , aching joints / joint pains feeling weak or feeling low in energy chest pain sunburn . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood tests may show decrease in white blood cells . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of desloratadine teva , cases of severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , hives and swelling ) have been reported very rarely . if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a dummy tablet . however , fatigue , dry mouth and headache were reported more often than with a dummy tablet . in adolescents , headache was the most commonly reported side effect . in clinical studies with desloratadine , the following side effects were reported as : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people fatigue dry mouth headache adults during the marketing of desloratadine teva , the following side effects were reported as : very rare : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people severe allergic reactions rash pounding or irregular heartbeat fast heartbeat stomach ache feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting upset stomach diarrhoea dizziness drowsiness inability to sleep muscle pain hallucinations seizures restlessness with increased liver inflammation abnormal liver function tests body movement not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data unusual weakness yellowing of the skin and / or eyes increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun , even in case of hazy sun , and to uv light , for instance to uv lights of a solarium changes in the way the heart beats abnormal behaviour aggression weight increased increased appetite children not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data slow heartbeat change in the way the heart beats abnormal behaviour aggression reporting of side effects 22 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v *. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , parareg can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( seen in more than 1 in 10 people taking parareg ): nausea and vomiting , these side effects are normally quite mild and do not last for long . common side effects ( seen in more than 1 in 100 people taking parareg ): dizziness numbness or tingling sensation ( paraesthesia ) loss of appetite ( anorexia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) weakness ( asthenia ) rash reduced testosterone levels uncommon side effects ( seen in more than 1 in 1000 people taking parareg ): seizures indigestion ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) 60 if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you start to get numbness or tingling around the mouth , muscle aches or cramps and seizures you should tell you doctor immediately . these may be signs that your calcium levels are too low ( hypocalcaemia ). after taking parareg a very small number of patients with heart failure had worsening of their condition . low blood pressure ( hypotension ) has also been seen in a very small number of these patients . as so few cases have been seen it is not known whether they are due to parareg , or not .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible side effects with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment . if you cannot contact your doctor , you should seek emergency medical help : low blood sugar ( glucose ) increased blood sugar ( glucose ) blood clot in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - pain , swelling , warmth & redness , usually occurring in lower leg or thigh fluid in your lungs - difficulty breathing or cough feeling sleepy or confused allergic reactions talk to a doctor straight away if you notice any allergic reactions , including : breathing problems swelling and reddening of the skin , hives swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) and being sick ( vomiting ) fainting or feeling dizzy severe pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) very fast heartbeat inflamed pancreas (' pancreatitis '): talk to a doctor straight away if you notice any signs of an inflamed pancreas , including : sudden severe pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): loss of interest in food headache hair loss unusually heavy or long menstrual bleeding feeling tired bruising , reddening , itching or hives where the injection is given your body producing antibodies to metreleptin which may increase the risk of developing serious or severe infections . you may notice you develop a high temperature , accompanied by increasing tiredness 43 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu chest infection diabetes a higher than normal desire for food or excessive eating a faster than normal heart rate cough breathlessness muscle pain (' myalgia ') joint pain swelling in your hands and feet increase in fatty tissue swelling or bleeding under the skin , where you injected a feeling of general discomfort , uneasiness or pain (' malaise ') increased fat in the blood (' triglycerides ') an increase in ' hba1c ' in your blood , shown in tests weight gain swelling or bleeding under the skin (' haemorrhage ') high blood sugar levels having a high temperature chills shaking . tell your doctor if you notice any of the above side effects . signs of high and low blood sugar symptoms of low blood sugar levels include : feeling dizzy feeling more sleepy or confused being clumsy and dropping things feeling more hungry than normal sweating more than normal feeling more irritable or more nervous if you notice any of the symptoms above , or you are not sure , talk to your doctor straight away . your doctor might need to change your treatment . symptoms of high blood sugar levels include : feeling very thirsty or hungry going to the toilet to pass urine more often feeling more sleepy feeling sick or being sick blurred vision pain in the chest or back feeling out of breath signs of high fat symptoms of high fat levels include : pain in the chest pain below the ribs like heartburn or indigestion feeling sick or being sick tell your doctor if you notice any of the above side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 44 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience blood clots in the veins , especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . have dementia and experience a sudden change in your mental state or sudden weakness or numbness of your face , arms or legs , especially on one side , or slurred speech , even for a short period of time . these may be signs of a stroke . experience fever , muscle stiffness , sweating or a lowered level of consciousness ( a disorder called " neuroleptic malignant syndrome "). immediate medical treatment may be needed . are a man and experience prolonged or painful erection . this is called priapism . immediate medical treatment may be needed . experience involuntary rhythmic movements of the tongue , mouth and face . withdrawal of paliperidone may be needed . experience a severe allergic reaction characterised by fever , swollen mouth , face , lip or tongue , shortness of breath , itching , skin rash and sometimes drop in blood pressure ( amounting to an ' anaphylactic reaction '). even if you have previously tolerated oral risperidone or oral paliperidone , rarely allergic reactions occur after receiving injections of paliperidone . are planning to have an operation on your eye , make sure you tell your eye doctor that you are taking this medicine . during an operation on the eye for cloudiness of the lens ( cataract ), the iris ( the coloured part of the eye ) may become floppy during surgery ( known as " floppy iris syndrome ") that may lead to eye damage . are aware of having dangerously low numbers of a certain type of white blood cell needed to fight infection in your blood . the following side effects may happen : very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people difficulty falling or staying asleep . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people common cold symptoms , urinary tract infection , feeling like you have the flu xeplion can raise your levels of a hormone called " prolactin " found on a blood test ( which may or may not cause symptoms ). when symptoms of high prolactin occur , they may include ( in men ) breast swelling , difficulty in getting or maintaining erections , or other sexual dysfunction ; ( in women ) breast discomfort , leakage of milk from the breasts , missed menstrual periods , or other problems with your cycle . high blood sugar , weight gain , weight loss , decreased appetite irritability , depression , anxiety parkinsonism : this condition may include slow or impaired movement , sensation of stiffness or tightness of the muscles ( making your movements jerky ), and sometimes even a sensation of movement " freezing up " and then restarting . other signs of parkinsonism include a slow shuffling walk , a tremor while at rest , increased saliva and / or drooling , and a loss of expression on the face . restlessness , feeling sleepy , or less alert dystonia : this is a condition involving slow or sustained involuntary contraction of muscles . while it can involve any part of the body ( and may result in abnormal posture ), dystonia often involves muscles of the face , including abnormal movements of the eyes , mouth , tongue or jaw . dizziness dyskinesia : this is a condition involving involuntary muscle movements , and can include repetitive , spastic or writhing movements , or twitching . tremor ( shaking ) headache rapid heart rate high blood pressure cough , stuffy nose abdominal pain , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , toothache increased liver transaminases in your blood bone or muscle ache , back pain , joint pain loss of menstrual periods leakage of milk from the breasts fever , weakness , fatigue ( tiredness ) a reaction at the injection site , including itching , pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people pneumonia , infection of the chest ( bronchitis ), infection of the breathing passages , sinus infection , bladder infection , ear infection , fungal infection of the nails , tonsillitis , infection of 73 the skin white blood cell count decreased , decrease in the type of white blood cells that help to protect you against infection , decrease in platelets ( blood cells that help you stop bleeding ), anaemia allergic reaction diabetes or worsening of diabetes , increased insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ) in your blood increased appetite loss of appetite resulting in malnutrition and low body weight high blood triglycerides ( a fat ), increased cholesterol in your blood sleep disorder , elated mood ( mania ), decreased sexual drive , nervousness , nightmares tardive dyskinesia ( twitching or jerking movements that you cannot control in your face , tongue , or other parts of your body ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience involuntary rhythmic movements of the tongue , mouth and face . withdrawal of this medicine may be needed . fainting , a restless urge to move parts of your body , dizziness upon standing , disturbance in attention , problems with speech , loss or abnormal sense of taste , reduced sensation of skin to pain and touch , a sensation of tingling , pricking , or numbness of skin blurry vision , eye infection or " pink eye ", dry eye sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , ear pain an interruption in conduction between the upper and lower parts of the heart , abnormal electrical conduction of the heart , prolongation of the qt interval from your heart , rapid heartbeat upon standing , slow heart rate , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( electrocardiogram or ecg ), a fluttering or pounding feeling in your chest ( palpitations ) low blood pressure , low blood pressure upon standing ( consequently , some people taking this medicine may feel faint , dizzy , or may pass out when they stand up or sit up suddenly ) shortness of breath , congestion of breathing passages , wheezing , sore throat , nosebleeds abdominal discomfort , stomach or intestinal infection , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth , excessive passing of gas or wind increased ggt ( a liver enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood hives ( or " nettle rash "), itching , rash , hair loss , eczema , dry skin , skin redness , acne an increase of cpk ( creatine phosphokinase ) in your blood , an enzyme which is sometimes released with muscle breakdown muscle spasms , joint stiffness , muscle weakness , neck pain incontinence ( lack of control ) of urine , frequent passing of urine , pain when passing urine erectile dysfunction , ejaculation disorder , missed menstrual periods or other problems with your cycle ( females ), development of breasts in men , sexual dysfunction , breast pain swelling of the face , mouth , eyes , or lips , swelling of the body , arms or legs an increase in body temperature a change in the way you walk chest pain , chest discomfort , feeling unwell hardening of the skin fall . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people eye infection skin inflammation caused by mites , abscess under the skin increase in eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood inappropriate secretion of a hormone that controls urine volume sugar in the urine life threatening complications of uncontrolled diabetes low blood sugar excessive drinking of water not moving or responding while awake ( catatonia ) confusion 74 sleep walking lack of emotion inability to reach orgasm neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( confusion , reduced or loss of consciousness , high fever , and severe muscle stiffness ), blood vessel problems in the brain , including sudden loss of blood supply to brain ( stroke or " mini " stroke ), unresponsive to stimuli , loss of consciousness , low level of consciousness , convulsion ( fits ), balance disorder abnormal coordination glaucoma ( increased pressure within the eyeball ) problems with movement of your eyes , eye rolling , oversensitivity of the eyes to light , increased tears , redness of the eyes atrial fibrillation ( an abnormal heart rhythm ), irregular heart beat blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ). if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately flushing trouble breathing during sleep ( sleep apnoea ) lung congestion crackly lung sounds inflammation of the pancreas , swollen tongue , stool incontinence , very hard stool chapped lips rash on skin related to drug , thickening of skin , dandruff breakdown of muscle fibers and pain in muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) joint swelling inability to pass urine breast discomfort , enlargement of the glands in your breasts , breast enlargement vaginal discharge very low body temperature , chills , feeling thirsty symptoms of drug withdrawal accumulation of pus caused by infection at injection site , deep skin infection , a cyst at injection site , bruising at injection site . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data dangerously low numbers of a certain type of white blood cell needed to fight infection in your blood severe allergic reaction characterised by fever , swollen mouth , face , lip or tongue , shortness of breath , itching , skin rash and sometimes drop in blood pressure dangerously excessive intake of water sleep - related eating disorder coma due to uncontrolled diabetes shaking of the head blood clot in the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . decreased oxygen in parts of your body ( because of decreased blood flow ) fast , shallow breathing , pneumonia caused by inhaling food , voice disorder a blockage in the bowels , lack of bowel muscle movement that causes blockage yellowing of the skin and the eyes ( jaundice ) serious allergic reaction with swelling that may involve the throat and lead to difficulty breathing skin discolouration , flaky itchy scalp or skin abnormal posture newborn babies born to mothers who have taken xeplion during pregnancy may experience side effects of the drug and / or withdrawal symptoms , such as irritability , slow , or sustained muscle contractions , shaking , sleepiness , breathing , or feeding problems priapism ( a prolonged penile erection that may require surgical treatment ) a decrease in body temperature 75 dead skin cells at the injection site and an ulcer at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel ratiopharm gmbh . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects are : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with chest or abdominal pain , persistent low blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel teva generics b . v . can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel teva generics b . v .'). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ) reported with clopidogrel teva generics b . v . is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel teva generics b . v . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take slightly longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel teva generics b . v .'). other side effects reported with clopidogrel teva generics b . v . are : common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 1 , 000 ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 10 , 000 ): vertigo . very rare side effects ( affects less than 1 patient in 10 , 000 ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop skin rash ( very common ) / burning or prickling sensation ( common ), or fever ( common ). rarely , skin reactions may be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) side effects with pemetrexed accord may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level ( anaemia ) low platelet count diarrhoea vomiting pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth nausea loss of appetite fatigue ( tiredness ) skin rash hair loss constipation loss of sensation kidney : abnormal blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction : skin rash / burning or prickling sensation infection including sepsis fever dehydration kidney failure irritation of the skin and itching chest pain muscle weakness conjunctivitis ( inflamed eye ) upset stomach pain in the abdomen taste change liver : abnormal blood tests watery eyes increased skin pigmentation 44 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) acute renal failure fast heart rate inflammation of the lining of the oesophagus ( gullet ) has been experienced with pemetrexed accord / radiation therapy . colitis ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ) interstitial pneumonitis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung ) oedema ( excess fluid in body tissue , causing swelling ) some patients have experienced a heart attack , stroke or " mini - stroke " while receiving pemetrexed accord usually in combination with another anticancer therapy . pancytopenia - combined low counts of white cells , red cells and platelets radiation pneumonitis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung associated with radiation therapy ) may occur in patients who are also treated with radiation either before , during or after their pemetrexed accord therapy . extremity pain , low temperature and discolouration have been reported . blood clots in the lung blood vessels ( pulmonary embolism ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) radiation recall ( a skin rash like severe sunburn ) which can occur on skin that has previously been exposed to radiotherapy , from days to years after the radiation . bullous conditions ( blistering skin diseases )- including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis immune mediated haemolytic anaemia ( antibody - mediated destruction of red blood cells ) hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ) anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data lower limb swelling with pain and redness increased urine output thirst and increased water consumption hypernatraemia increased sodium in blood inflammation of the skin , mainly of the lower limb with swelling , pain and redness you might have any of these symptoms and / or conditions . you must tell your doctor as soon as possible when you start experiencing any of these side effects . if you are concerned about any side effects , talk to your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , pedea can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . however , it is difficult to distinguish them from frequent complications occurring in premature babies and complications due to the disease . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common : - decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), - decrease in white blood cells called neutrophils ( neutropenia ), - increase in creatinine level in the blood , - decrease in sodium level in the blood , - breathing problems ( bronchopulmonary dysplasia ), common : - bleeding inside the skull ( intraventricular haemorrhage ) and brain injury ( periventricular leukomalacia ), - bleeding in the lung , - perforation of the intestine and injury of intestinal tissue ( necrotizing enterocolitis ), - reduced volume of urine passed , blood in the urine , fluid retention uncommon : - acute failure of the kidney ' s functions - bleeding in the intestine - below normal oxygen content in the arterial blood ( hypoxemia ) not known : - perforation of the stomach if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your baby ' s doctor or your pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . nervous system side effects such as dizziness may be higher after a single " loading " dose . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of the following : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache ; feeling dizzy or sick ( nausea ); double vision ( diplopia ). common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people short jerks of a muscle or group of muscles ( myoclonic seizures ); difficulties in coordinating your movements or walking ; problems in keeping your balance , shaking ( tremor ), tingling ( paresthesia ) or muscle spasms , falling easily and getting bruises ; troubles with your memory , thinking or finding words , confusion ; rapid and uncontrollable movements of the eyes ( nystagmus ), blurred vision ; a spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling drunk ; being sick ( vomiting ), dry mouth , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , diarrhoea ; decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in articulating words , disturbance in attention ; noise in the ear such as buzzing , ringing or whistling ; irritability , trouble sleeping , depression ; sleepiness , tiredness or weakness ( asthenia ); itching , rash . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people slow heart rate , palpitations , irregular pulse or other changes in the electrical activity of your heart ( conduction disorder ); exaggerated feeling of wellbeing , seeing and / or hearing things which are not there ; 124 allergic reaction to medicine intake , hives ; blood tests may show abnormal liver function , liver injury ; thoughts of harming or killing yourself or attempting suicide : tell your doctor straight away ; feeling angry or agitated ; abnormal thinking or losing touch with reality ; serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face , throat , hands , feet , ankles , or lower legs ; fainting . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from available data abnormal rapid heartbeat ( ventricular tachyarrhythmia ); a sore throat , high temperature and getting more infections than usual . blood tests may show a severe decrease in a specific class of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ); a serious skin reaction which may include a high temperature and other flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face , extended rash , swollen glands ( enlarged lymph nodes ). blood tests may show increased levels of liver enzymes and a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ); a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ); convulsion . additional side effects in children common : may affect up to 1 in 10 children runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ); fever ( pyrexia ); sore throat ( pharyngitis ); eating less than usual . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 children feeling sleepy or lacking in energy ( lethargy ). not known : frequency cannot be estimated from available data changes in behaviour , not acting like themselves . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of the side effects listed below have been observed during clinical trials . they usually occur within the first 3 days after vaccination , are usually mild and disappear within a few days . very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): headache , muscle pain , injection site pain , injection site tenderness , tiredness common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): nausea , influenza like illness , fever , other injection site reactions ( e . g . redness , hardening , swelling , itching ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): vomiting , skin rash , changes in the lymph - nodes , migraine ( throbbing headache , often accompanied by nausea and vomiting and sensitivity to light ), dizziness , vertigo ( spinning sensation ), diarrhoea , belly pain , excessive sweating , itching , chills , general condition of feeling unwell , musculoskeletal stiffness , joint pain , weakness , abnormal laboratory liver test results ( hepatic enzymes increased ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ): palpitations , rapid heartbeat , difficulty to breathe , abnormal sensation of skin ( for example pins and needles ), hives , skin redness , pain in leg or arm , platelet deficiency , nerve inflammation , limb swelling and ankle swelling , taste disturbance , swelling of eyelid , fainting additional side effects in children aged 2 months to < 3 years 31 in children aged 2 months to < 3 years , the following side effects have been observed more frequently compared to children aged 3 years to < 12 years , adolescents and adults : very common : fever ( 28 . 9 %), diarrhoea ( 11 . 8 %), influenza like illness ( 11 . 2 %), irritability ( 11 . 0 %) common : loss of appetite , vomiting , skin rash uncommon : cough reporting of side effects if you and / or your child get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get a severe rash , or difficulty breathing and dizziness or swelling mainly of the face and throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ), if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes , or mouth , skin peeling , high fever , flu - like symptoms , enlarged lymph nodes , ( signs of severe skin reactions ), if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of kidney problem ), if you experience a combination of drowsiness , upper right abdominal pain , yellowing or increased yellowing of your skin or eyes and dark urine ( signs of liver problems ), if you experience difficulty thinking , remembering information , or solving problems , being less alert or aware or feeling very sleepy with low energy ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood , which may be associated with liver or renal problems and lead to a change in your brain function ), if you vomit blood and / or have black stools , if you experience frequent abdominal pain , particularly after eating or taking exjade , if you experience frequent heartburn , if you experience partial loss of vision , if you experience severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ), stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . some side effects could become serious . these side effects are uncommon . if you get blurred or cloudy eyesight , if you get reduced hearing , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) disturbance in kidney function tests . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) gastrointestinal disorders , such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , bloating , constipation , indigestion rash headache disturbance in liver function tests itching disturbance in urine test ( protein in the urine ) if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness fever sore throat swelling of arms or legs change in the colour of the skin anxiety sleep disorder tiredness if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ), in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia aggravated ), in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) hair loss kidney stones low urine output tear in stomach or intestine wall that can be painful and cause nausea severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ) abnormal level of acid in blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by xolair are usually mild to moderate but can occasionally be serious . serious side effects : seek medical attention immediately if you notice any signs of the following side effects : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ). symptoms may include rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , larynx ( voice box ), windpipe or other parts of the body , fast heartbeat , dizziness and light - headedness , confusion , shortness of breath , wheezing or trouble breathing , blue skin or lips , collapsing and losing consciousness . if you have a history of severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) unrelated to xolair you may be more at risk of developing a severe allergic reaction following use of xolair . - systemic lupus erythematosus ( sle ). symptoms may include muscle pain , joint pain and swelling , rash , fever , weight loss , and fatigue . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - churg - strauss syndrome or hypereosinophilic syndrome . symptoms may include one or more of the following : swelling , pain or rash around blood or lymph vessels , high level of a specific type of white blood cells ( marked eosinophilia ), worsening problems with breathing , nasal congestion , heart problems , pain , numbness , tingling in the arms and legs . - low blood platelet count with symptoms such as bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . - serum sickness . symptoms may include one or more of the following : joint pain with or without swelling or stiffness , rash , fever , swollen lymph nodes , muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever ( in children ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reactions at the injection site including pain , swelling , itching and redness - pain in the upper part of the tummy - headache ( very common in children ) - feeling dizzy - pain in joints ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - feeling sleepy or tired - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - fainting , low blood pressure while sitting or standing ( postural hypotension ), flushing - sore throat , coughing , acute breathing problems - feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , indigestion - itching , hives , rash , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun - weight increase - flu - like symptoms - swelling arms rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - parasitic infection not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - muscle pain and joint swelling - hair loss 129 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get side effects , your doctor may tell you to take cometriq at a lower dose . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control your side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : symptoms including pain in the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , constipation , or fever . these may be signs of a gastrointestinal perforation , a hole that develops in your stomach or intestine that could be life - threatening . swelling , pain in your hands and feet , or shortness of breath . a wound that does not heal . vomiting or coughing up blood , which may be bright red or look like coffee grounds . pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or sores inside the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). seizures , headaches , confusion , or finding it difficult to concentrate . these may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). pres is uncommon ( it affects less than 1 in 100 people ). diarrhoea that is severe and does not seem to be settling . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) stomach upset , including diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , indigestion , and abdominal pain 64 difficulty in swallowing blister , pain of the hands or soles of the feet , rash or redness of the skin , dry skin decreased appetite , weight loss , altered sense of taste fatigue , weakness , headache , dizziness hair colour changes ( lightening ), hair loss hypertension ( increase in blood pressure ) redness , swelling or pain in the mouth or throat , difficulty in speaking , hoarseness changes in blood tests used to monitor general health and the liver , low levels of electrolytes ( like magnesium , calcium or potassium ) low level of platelets joint pain , muscle spasms swollen lymph glands pain in the arms , hands , legs or feet common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety , depression , confusion generalised pain , chest or muscle pain , ear pain , ringing in ears weakness or reduced sensation or tingling in the limbs chills , tremors dehydration inflammation of the abdomen or pancreas inflammation of the lips and corners of the mouth inflammation at the root of your hair , acne , blisters ( on parts of your body other than the hands or feet ) swelling in the face and in other parts of the body loss or change of taste hypotension ( decrease in blood pressure ) atrial fibrillation ( a fast and erratic heartbeat ) lightening of skin , flakey skin , unusual pale skin abnormal hair growth haemorrhoids pneumonia ( lung infection ) pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or sores inside the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth reduced thyroid activity ; symptoms can include : tiredness , weight gain , constipation , feeling cold and dry skin low level of white blood cells decrease in level of phosphate in the blood tear or hole or bleeding in your stomach or intestine , inflammation or tear of anus , bleeding in lungs or trachea ( airway ) an abnormal connection of the tissue in your digestive system ; symptoms can include severe or persistent stomach ache abnormal connection of the tissue in your trachea ( airway ), oesophagus , or lungs abscess ( collection of pus , with swelling and inflammation ) in the abdomen or pelvis area or in your teeth / gums blood clots in the blood vessels and the lungs stroke fungal infection that can be in the skin , mouth , or genitals wounds that have difficulties healing protein or blood in the urine , gallstones , painful urination blurred vision increase in the level of bilirubin in your blood ( which may result in jaundice / yellow skin or eyes ) decrease in the levels of protein in your blood ( albumin ). uncommon side effects ( may affect 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the oesophagus ; symptoms can include heartburn , chest pain , feeling sick , altered taste , bloating , belching and indigestion infection and inflammation in the lung , collapse of lung skin ulcers , cysts , red spots on the face or thighs facial pain changes in test results that measure blood clotting or blood cells loss of coordination in your muscles , damage to skeletal muscles loss of attention , loss of consciousness , changes in speech , delirium , abnormal dreams chest pain due to blockage in arteries , rapid heartbeat liver damage , kidney failure impaired hearing inflammation in the eye , cataracts stopping menstruation , vaginal bleeding a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ) which has symptoms such as seizures , headaches , confusion , or finding it difficult to concentrate not known ( side effects with unknown frequency ) heart attack an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some possible side effects may be serious : - differentiation syndrome . contact your doctor straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : fever , trouble breathing , rash , dizziness or lightheadedness , rapid weight gain , swelling of your arms or legs . these may be signs of a condition called differentiation syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). contact your doctor straight away if you have a seizure , quickly worsening headache , confusion , or other vision problems . there have been uncommon reports of a condition involving the brain , in patients treated with xospata , called pres ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - heart rhythm problems ( qt prolongation ). contact your doctor straight away if you have a change in your heartbeat , or if you feel dizzy , lightheaded , or faint . xospata may cause a heart problem called qt prolongation ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - nausea - constipation - tiredness - swelling due to fluid retention ( oedema ) - loss of energy , weakness ( asthenia ) - abnormal blood test results : high levels of blood creatine phosphokinase ( indicative of muscle or heart function ), alanine aminotransferase ( alt ), aspartate aminotransferase ( ast ) and / or blood alkaline phosphatase ( indicative of liver function ) - pain in limbs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - cough - shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ) - dizziness - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - collection of fluid around the heart , which , if severe , can decrease the heart ' s ability to pump blood ( pericardial effusion ) - a vague feeling of discomfort , feeling unwell ( malaise ) - a severe life - threatening allergic reaction , e . g ., swelling in the mouth , tongue , face and throat , itching , hives ( anaphylactic reaction ) - muscle stiffness - passing less urine , swelling in the legs ( signs of sudden kidney injury ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - inflammation of the heart ( pericarditis ) - heart failure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking votubia and seek medical help immediately if you or your child experiences any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of angioedema ) severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps serious side effects of votubia include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , cough , difficulty breathing , wheezing ( signs of inflammation of the lung due to infection , also known as pneumonia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) swelling , feeling of heaviness or tightness , pain , limited mobility of body parts ( this could occur anywhere in the body and is a potential sign of an abnormal build - up of fluid in soft tissue due to a blockage in the lymphatic system , also known as lymphoedema ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of serious allergic reaction , also known as hypersensitivity ) fever , cough , difficulty breathing , wheezing ( signs of inflammation of the lung , also known as pneumonitis ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rash of small fluid - filled blisters , appearing on reddened skin ( signs of viral infection that can be potentially severe , also known as herpes zoster ) fever , chills , rapid breathing and heart rate , rash , and possibly confusion and disorientation ( signs of serious infection , also known as sepsis ) if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately as this might have life - threatening consequences . other possible side effects of votubia include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ) headache , pressure in the eyes , nose or cheek area ( signs of inflammation of the sinuses and nasal passages , also known as sinusitis ) urinary tract infection high level of lipids ( fats ) in the blood ( hypercholesterolaemia ) decreased appetite headache cough 91 mouth ulcers diarrhoea being sick ( vomiting ) acne skin rash feeling tired fever menstruation disorders such as absence of periods ( amenorrhoea ) or irregular periods sore throat ( pharyngitis ) headache , dizziness , signs of high blood pressure ( hypertension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) middle ear infection swollen , bleeding gums ( signs of gum inflammation , also known as gingivitis ) skin inflammation ( cellulitis ) high level of lipids ( fats ) in the blood ( hyperlipidaemia , raised triglycerides ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) tiredness , breathlessness , dizziness , pale skin ( signs of low level of red blood cells , also known as anaemia ) fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of low level of white blood cells , also known as leucopenia , lymphopenia , neutropenia ) spontaneous bleeding or bruising ( signs of low level of platelets , also known as thrombocytopenia ) mouth pain nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) stomach upset like feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain severe pain in the lower abdomen and pelvic area that may be sharp , with menstrual irregularities ( ovarian cyst ) excess amount of gas in the bowels ( flatulence ) constipation abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , swelling and bloating of the abdomen ( signs of inflammation of the stomach lining , also known as gastritis or gastroenteritis viral ) dry skin , itching ( pruritus ) an inflammatory condition of the skin characterised by redness , itching , and oozing liquid - filled cysts which become scaly , crusted , or hardened ( dermatitis acneiform ) loss of hair ( alopecia ) protein in the urine menstruation disorders such as heavy periods ( menorrhagia ) or vaginal bleeding trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) irritability aggression high level of an enzyme called blood lactate dehydrogenase that gives information about the health of certain organs high level of the hormone that triggers ovulation ( blood luteinising hormone increased ) weight loss 92 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) muscle spasms , fever , red - brown urine which may be symptoms of a muscle disorder ( rhabdomyolysis ) cough with phlegm , chest pain , fever ( signs of inflammation of airways , also known as bronchitis viral ) disturbed taste ( dysgeusia ) menstruation disorders such as delayed periods higher level of female reproductive hormone ( blood follicle stimulating hormone increased ) if these side effects get severe please tell your doctor and / or pharmacist . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear if your treatment is interrupted for a few days . the following side effects have been reported in patients taking everolimus for the treatment of conditions other than tsc : kidney disorders : altered frequency or absence of urination may be symptoms of kidney failure and have been observed in some patients receiving everolimus . other symptoms may include altered kidney function test ( increase in creatinine ). symptoms of heart failure such as breathlessness , difficulty breathing when lying down , swelling of the feet or legs blockage or obstruction of a blood vessel ( vein ) in the leg ( deep vein thrombosis ). symptoms may include swelling and / or pain in one of your legs , usually in the calf , redness or warm skin in the affected area problems with wound healing high levels of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) hepatitis b reactivation has been observed in some patients taking everolimus . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms of hepatitis b during treatment with everolimus . the first symptoms may include fever , skin rash , joint pain and inflammation . other symptoms may include fatigue , loss of appetite , nausea , jaundice ( yellowing of the skin ), and pain in the upper right abdomen . pale stools or dark urine may also be signs of hepatitis . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if the following happens to you , stop using protelos and talk to your doctor immediately : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): − heart attack : sudden crushing pains in your chest which may reach your left arm , jaw , stomach , back and / or shoulders . other symptoms may be nausea / vomiting , sweating , shortness of breath , palpitations , ( extreme ) tiredness and / or dizziness . heart attack may occur commonly in patients at high risk for heart disease . your doctor will not prescribe protelos for you if you are at particular risk . − blood clots in veins : pain , redness , swelling in your leg , sudden chest pain or difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): − signs of severe hypersensitivity reactions ( dress ): initially as flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature ( uncommon ), increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests ( uncommon ) an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) ( rare ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( uncommon ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): − signs of potentially life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ): initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . additional signs may include ulcers in the mouth , throat , nose , genitals and conjunctivitis ( red and swollen eyes ). these potentially life - threatening skin rashes are often accompanied by flu - like symptoms . the rash may progress to widespread blistering or peeling of the skin . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): itching , hives , skin rash , angioedema ( such as swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), bone , limb , muscle and / or joint pain , muscle cramps . common : 36 vomiting , abdominal pain , reflux , indigestion , constipation , flatulence , difficulty in sleeping , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), swelling in limbs , bronchial hyperreactivity ( symptoms include wheezing and shortness of breath and cough ), increased level of a muscle enzyme ( creatine phosphokinase ), increased levels of cholesterol . nausea , diarrhoea , headache , eczema , memory trouble , fainting fit , pins and needles , dizziness , vertigo . however , these effects were mild and short - lived and usually did not cause the patients to stop taking their treatment . talk to your doctor if any effects become troublesome or persist . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , oral irritation ( such as mouth ulcers and gum inflammation ), hair loss , feeling confused , feeling unwell , dry mouth , skin irritation . rare : reduction in production of blood cells in the bone marrow . if you have stopped treatment due to hypersensitivity reactions , do not take protelos again . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more nepexto . tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . trouble swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , throat , hands , or feet feeling nervous or anxious , throbbing sensations , sudden reddening of the skin and / or a warm feeling severe rash , itching , or hives ( elevated patches of red or pale skin that often itch ) serious allergic reactions are rare . however , any of the above symptoms may indicate an allergic reaction to this medicine , so you should seek immediate medical attention . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , you or the child may need urgent medical attention . signs of serious infections , such as high fever that may be accompanied by cough , shortness of breath , chills , weakness , or a hot , red , tender , sore area on the skin or joints ; signs of blood disorders , such as bleeding , bruising , or paleness ; signs of nerve disorders , such as numbness or tingling , changes in vision , eye pain , or onset of weakness in an arm or leg ; signs of heart failure or worsening heart failure , such as fatigue or shortness of breath with activity , swelling in the ankles , a feeling of fullness in the neck or abdomen , night - time shortness of breath or coughing , bluish colour of the nails or the lips ; signs of cancers : cancers may affect any part of the body including the skin and blood , and possible signs will depend on the type and location of the cancer . these signs may include weight loss , fever , swelling ( with or without pain ), persistent cough , presence of lumps or growths on the skin ; signs of autoimmune reactions ( where antibodies are made that may harm normal tissues in the body ) such as pain , itching , weakness , and abnormal breathing , thinking , sensation , or vision ; signs of lupus or lupus - like syndrome , such as weight changes , persistent rash , fever , joint or muscle pain , or fatigue ; signs of inflammation of the blood vessels such as pain , fever , redness or warmth of the skin , or itching . these are rare or uncommon side effects but are serious conditions ( some of which may rarely be fatal ). if any of the above occurs , tell your doctor immediately , or visit the casualty department at your nearest hospital . the known side effects of etanercept include the following on groups of decreasing frequency : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( including colds , sinusitis , bronchitis , urinary tract infections and skin infections ); injection site reactions ( including bleeding , bruising , redness , itching , pain , and swelling ). reactions at the injection site ( these do not occur as often after the first month of treatment ). some patients have developed a reaction at an injection site that was used before . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions ; fever ; itching ; antibodies directed against normal tissue ( autoantibody formation ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): serious infections ( including pneumonia , deep skin infections , joint infections , blood infection , and infections at various sites ); worsening of congestive heart failure ; low red blood cell count , low white blood cell count , low neutrophil ( a type of white blood cell ) count ; low blood platelet count ; skin cancer ( excluding melanoma ); localised swelling of the skin ( angioedema ); hives ( elevated patches of red or pale skin that often itch ); eye inflammation ; psoriasis ( new or worsening ); inflammation of the blood vessels affecting multiple organs ; elevated liver blood tests ( in patients also receiving methotrexate treatment , the frequency of elevated liver blood tests is common ), abdominal cramps and pain , diarrhoea , weight loss or blood in the stool ( signs of bowel problems ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reactions ( including severe localised swelling of the skin and wheezing ); lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ); leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ); melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ); combined low platelet , red , and white blood cell count ; nervous system disorders ( with severe muscle weakness and signs and symptoms similar to those of multiple sclerosis or inflammation of the nerves of the eyes or spinal cord ); tuberculosis ; new onset congestive heart failure ; seizures ; lupus or lupus - like syndrome ( symptoms may include persistent rash , fever , joint pain , and tiredness ); skin rash , which may lead to severe blistering and peeling of the skin ; lichenoid reactions ( itchy reddish - purple skin 61 rash and / or threadlike white - grey lines on mucous membranes ); inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ; in patients also receiving methotrexate treatment , the frequency is uncommon ); immune disorder that can affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( sarcoidosis ); inflammation or scarring of the lungs ( in patients also receiving methotrexate treatment , the frequency of inflammation or scarring of the lungs is uncommon ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): failure of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ); excessive activation of white blood cells associated with inflammation ( macrophage activation syndrome ); recurrence of hepatitis b ( a liver infection ); worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( muscle inflammation and weakness with an accompanying skin rash ). side effects in children and adolescents the side effects and their frequencies seen in children and adolescents are similar to those described above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) if any of these symptoms occur after leaving the place where your child received his / her injection , you must consult a doctor immediately : difficulty in breathing blueness of the tongue or lips a rash swelling of the face or throat sudden and serious malaise with drop in blood pressure causing dizziness and loss of consciousness , accelerated heart rate associated with respiratory disorders . when these signs or symptoms ( signs or symptoms of anaphylactic reaction ) occur they usually develop quickly after the injection is given and while the child is still in the clinic or doctor ' s surgery . serious allergic reactions are a rare possibility ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) after receiving this vaccine . other side effects if your child experiences any of the following side effects , please tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - crying - sleepiness ( somnolence ) - vomiting - pain , redness or swelling at the injection site - irritability - fever ( temperature 38 or higher ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : - abnormal crying ( prolonged crying ) - diarrhoea - injection site hardness ( induration ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : - allergic reaction - lump ( nodule ) at the injection site - high fever ( temperature 39 . 6 or higher ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : - rash - large reactions at the injection site ( larger than 5 cm ), including extensive limb swelling from the injection site beyond one or both joints . these reactions start within 24 - 72 hours after vaccination , may be associated with redness , warmth , tenderness or pain at the injection site , and get better within 3 - 5 days without the need for treatment . - fits ( convulsions ) with or without fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) are : - episodes when your child goes into a shock - like state or is pale , floppy and unresponsive for a period of time ( hypotonic reactions or hypotonic hyporesponsive 35 episodes hhe ). potential side effects other side effects not listed above have been reported occasionally with other diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis , poliomyelitis , hepatitis b or hib containing vaccines and not directly with hexacima : temporary inflammation of nerves causing pain , paralysis and sensitivity disorders ( guillain - barré syndrome ) and severe pain and decreased mobility of arm and shoulder ( brachial neuritis ) have been reported after administration of a tetanus containing vaccine . inflammation of several nerves causing sensory disorders or weakness of limbs ( polyradiculoneuritis ), facial paralysis , visual disturbances , sudden dimming or loss of vision ( optic neuritis ), inflammatory disease of brain and spinal cord ( central nervous system demyelination , multiple sclerosis ) have been reported after administration of a hepatitis b antigen containing vaccine . swelling or inflammation of the brain ( encephalopathy / encephalitis ). in babies born very prematurely ( at or before 28 weeks of gestation ) longer gaps than normal between breaths may occur for 2 - 3 days after vaccination . swelling of one or both feet and lower limbs which may occur along with bluish discoloration of the skin ( cyanosis ), redness , small areas of bleeding under the skin ( transient purpura ) and severe crying following vaccination with haemophilus influenzae type b containing vaccines . if this reaction occurs , it is mainly after first injections and within the first few hours following vaccination . all symptoms should disappear completely within 24 hours without need for treatment . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : 105 unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; seizures , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ); muscle stiffness or spasms ( including eye movements ); restless legs syndrome ; problems with speech ; stuttering ; slow heart rate ; sensitivity to sunlight ; bleeding from the nose ; abdominal distension ; drooling ; memory loss or forgetfulness ; urinary incontinence ; lack of ability to urinate ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 ) include serious allergic reactions such as drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). while taking olanzapine , elderly patients with dementia may suffer from stroke , pneumonia , urinary incontinence , falls , extreme tiredness , visual hallucinations , a rise in body temperature , redness of the skin and have trouble walking . some fatal cases have been reported in this particular group of patients . in patients with parkinson ' s disease olazax may worsen the symptoms reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel sandoz can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel sandoz '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ) reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel sandoz '). side effects may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined as follows : very common : affects more than 1 user in 10 common : affects 1 to 10 users in 100 uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . other side effects reported with clopidogrel are : - common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you experience weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - pale skin , tiredness , or bruising , as these may indicate blood disorders caused by an imbalance in the different types of blood cells which make up blood , - tiredness , abdominal pain , or jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the eyes or skin ), as these may indicate serious conditions such as liver failure , which may be fatal , - any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or cough , as this medicine may increase the chance of a severe infection which may be life - threatening , - cough or breathing problems as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - unusual tingling , weakness or pain in your hands or feet as these may indicate problems with your nerves ( peripheral neuropathy ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), - mild allergic reactions , - loss of appetite , weight loss ( usually insignificant ), - tiredness ( asthenia ), - headache , dizziness , - abnormal skin sensations like tingling ( paraesthesia ), - mild increase in blood pressure , 52 - diarrhoea , - colitis , - nausea , vomiting , - inflammation of the mouth or mouth ulcers , - abdominal pain , - an increase in some liver test results , - increased hair loss , - eczema , dry skin , rash , itching , - tendonitis ( pain caused by inflammation in the membrane surrounding the tendons usually in the feet or hands ), - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ), - problems in the nerves of the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ), - a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood , - anxiety , - taste disturbances , - urticaria ( nettle rash ), - tendon rupture , - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood ( cholesterol and triglycerides ), - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - an increase in the numbers of blood cells called eosinophiles ( eosinophilia ); mild decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ); decrease in the number of all blood cells ( pancytopenia ), - severe increase in blood pressure , - inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ), - an increase in some liver results which may develop into serious conditions such as hepatitis and jaundice , - severe infections called sepsis which may be fatal , - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( lactate dehydrogenase ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a marked decrease of some white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ), - severe and potentially severe allergic reactions , - inflammation of the small vessels ( vasculitis , including cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis ), - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), - severe liver injury such as liver failure or necrosis which may be fatal , - severe sometimes life - threatening reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). other side effects such as kidney failure , a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood , pulmonary hypertension , male infertility ( which is reversible once treatment with this medicine is stopped ), cutaneous lupus ( characterized by rash / erythema on skin areas that are exposed to light ), psoriasis ( new or worsening ) and dress may also occur with a not known frequency . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . infection caused by bacteria ( cellulitis ) at the injection site has been commonly seen in patients receiving imlygic . keeping wounds clean and dressed can help prevent these types of infections . very commonly , flu - like illnesses , fevers and chills have been seen in patients treated with imlygic . these symptoms generally resolve within the first 72 hours after treatment . the following side effects have been reported in patients receiving imlygic : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tissue swelling ( peripheral oedema ) headache cough vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea muscle pain ( myalgia ), painful / swollen joints ( arthralgia ), limb pain 39 flu - like illness , fever ( pyrexia ), chills , fatigue , pain pain , redness , bleeding , swelling , inflammation , secretion , discharge , and warmth at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection caused by bacteria ( cellulitis ), cold sores ( oral herpes ) tumour pain , infected tumour low red blood cell numbers ( anaemia ) side effects related to the immune system such as narrowing or blockage of blood vessels ( vasculitis ), inflammation of the lungs ( pneumonitis ), worsening scaling of the skin ( worsening psoriasis ), and inflammation of kidneys ( glomerulonephritis ) dehydration confusion , anxiety , depression , dizziness , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) pain in ear , throat , abdomen , groin , back and underarm faster heart rate at rest ( tachycardia ) blood clot within a deep vein ( deep vein thrombosis ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), redness in the face ( flushing ) shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ), upper respiratory infection abdominal discomfort areas of skin without any colour ( vitiligo ), rash , inflamed skin ( dermatitis ) generally feeling unwell weight loss wound complication , secretion , bruising ( contusion ), pain after procedure uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): incision site infection cancerous white blood cells at or near the injection site ( plasmacytoma ). eye infection caused by herpes ( keratitis herpetic ) compressed airways ( obstructive airways disorder ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your healthcare professional . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following side effects : diabetic ketoacidosis ( dka ), seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) these are the signs and symptoms of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 under ' warnings and precautions '): o nausea , vomiting , or abdominal pain o excessive thirst o constantly feeling tired o high levels of ketones in urine tests or beta - hydroxybutyrate ( bhb ) in blood tests o difficulty breathing / rapid , deep breathing o breath with fruity odour o difficulty paying attention , or confusion o rapid weight loss . while treated with zynquista the risk of dka is increased and may occur with low , normal or high blood glucose level . check your ketones regularly during the first two weeks after starting zynquista . if you have any of these symptoms , or if you are in a situation that could increase your risk for dka , you must check your ketones , either in the blood or in the urine . if you are using an insulin pump , monitor your ketones levels three to four hours after changing pump materials . in case of a potential dka or elevated ketone levels are elevated contact your doctor immediately or go to the nearest hospital right away . the doctor may decide to temporarily stop the treatment with zynquista . during a dedicated session your doctor may schedule , discuss how to manage elevated ketone levels to prevent dka ( see section 2 ). make sure you carry the patient alert card , that was given to you by your physician and that is also enclosed in the product packaging , with you at all times . share it with all of your doctors , nurses or pharmacists when you need any treatment . you can also get the patient alert card by scanning the qr code or by visiting the website below : other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) yeast infection ( thrush ) of the vagina ( signs may include irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea raised ketone levels in your blood yeast infection ( thrush ) of the penis ( signs may include irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) passing more urine than usual or needing to pass it more often urinary tract infection , signs include burning sensation when passing urine , urine that appears cloudy , pain in the pelvis , or mid back pain ( when kidneys are infected ) dehydration ( losing too much water from your body , symptoms include dry mouth , feeling dizzy , light - headed , or weak , especially when you stand up , fainting ) flatulence 44 blood tests may show increase in the amount of bad cholesterol ( called ldl - a type of fat in your blood ) blood tests may show increase in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called haematocrit ) blood tests may show increase related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine '). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in addition , inserting needles into the prostate gland and inserting a urinary catheter for the procedure may be associated with further side effects . possible side effects can occur with tookad and vtp procedure . if you get any of the side effects below , tell your doctor immediately : - urinary retention ( not able to pass urine ). in the few days after the vtp procedure some patients may have difficulties ( poor stream due to urethral narrowing ) or inability to pass urine . this may necessitate inserting a catheter inside your bladder through the penis and the catheter will remain in place for a few days or weeks to drain the urine . - fever , pain and swelling in the area of the operation might occur after the procedure . these may be signs of infection in the urinary tract , the prostate or the genital system . in this case , you should contact your doctor as you may need further blood or urine analysis and antibiotics treatment . these infections are usually easily treated . in addition to the side effects listed previously , other side effects can occur . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - problems with or pain on passing urine ( including pain or discomfort on passing urine , bladder pain , the need to pass urine urgently or more frequently or at night ; involuntary passing of urine ), - sexual problems ( including difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , ejaculation failure , loss of desire or pain on intercourse ), - blood in the urine ( haematuria ), - perineal injury including bruising in the skin , bruising near where the needles are put into the prostate , pain and tenderness , - genital pain and discomfort ( inflammation of the testicles or the epididymis , pain due to inflammation or fibrosis of the prostate ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anorectal discomfort ( discomfort near the anus and just inside the anus ), haemorrhoids ( piles ), proctalgia ( pain in the anal region ), - problems with bowels ( including diarrhoea or occasional soiling ), - general and musculoskeletal pain ( muscle / bony pain , pain in the end of the limbs , back pain or bleeding into the joints ), - haematospermia ( presence of blood in the ejaculate ), - high blood pressure , 39 - increases in blood lipids , lactate dehydrogenase increased , white blood cell increased , creatine phosphokinase increased , potassium decreased , prostatic specific antigen ( psa ) increased , - skin reaction , erythema ( reddening ), rash , dryness , pruritus , depigmentation , - abnormal blood tests related to coagulation , - discomfort in the abdominal region , - fatigue ( tiredness ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , fall , - headache , - sensory disturbance , formication ( sensation like crawling insects on or under the skin ), - eye irritation , photophobia ( intolerance to light ), - dyspnoea exertional ( excessive shortness of breath during or after exercise ), - mood disorder , - weight decreased . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response usually accompanied by high fevers , hot , flushed skin , elevated heart rate , rapid breathing , altered mental status , swelling , and low blood pressure ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . other possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug rash , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face or low blood pressure ), low blood sugar levels ( in diabetic patients ), feeling anxious , somnolence , impaired vision , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), dry mouth , upset stomach , taste disturbance ( dysgeusia ), abnormal liver function ( japanese patients are more likely to experience these side effects ), eczema ( a skin disorder ), redness of skin , hives ( urticaria ), severe drug rash , joint pain ( arthralgia ), pain in extremity , tendon pain , flu - like - illness , decreased haemoglobin ( a blood protein ), increased levels of uric acid , increased hepatic enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): 75 progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . as mentioned in ' warnings and precautions ', above , the most important side effects of nevirapine teva are severe and life threatening skin reactions and serious liver damage . these reactions occur mainly in the first 18 weeks of treatment with nevirapine teva . this is therefore an important period which requires close monitoring by your doctor . if you ever observe any rash symptoms , inform your doctor immediately . when rash occurs it is normally mild to moderate . however , in some patients a rash , which appears as a blistering skin reaction , can be severe or life - threatening ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) and deaths have been recorded . most of the cases of both severe rash and mild / moderate rash occur in the first six weeks of treatment . if rash occurs and you also feel sick , you must stop treatment and visit your doctor immediately . hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reactions can occur . such reactions may appear in the form of anaphylaxis ( a severe form of allergic reaction ) with symptoms such as : - rash - swelling of the face - difficulty breathing ( bronchial spasm ) - anaphylactic shock hypersensitivity reactions can also occur as rash with other side effects such as : - fever - blistering of your skin - mouth sores - inflammation of the eye - swelling of the face - general swelling - shortness of breath - muscle or joint pain - a reduction in the numbers of your white blood cells ( granulocytopenia ) - general feelings of illness - severe problems with liver or kidneys ( liver or kidney failure ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience rash and any of the other side effects of a hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reaction . such reactions can be life - threatening . abnormal liver functioning has been reported with the use of nevirapine teva . this includes some cases of inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), which can be sudden and intense ( fulminant hepatitis ) and liver failure , which can be both fatal . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following clinical symptoms of liver damage : - loss of appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - yellow skin ( jaundice ) 41 - abdominal pain the side effects described below have been experienced by patients given nevirapine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - rash common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells ( granulocytopenia ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - abdominal pain - loose stools ( diarrhoea ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - fever - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction characterised by rash , swelling of the face , difficulty breathing ( bronchial spasm ) or anaphylactic shock - decreased numbers of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - yellow skin ( jaundice ) - severe and life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - hives ( urticaria ) - fluid under the skin ( angioedema ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - decreased blood phosphorus - increased blood pressure rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - sudden and intense inflammation of the liver ( fulminant hepatitis ) - drug reaction with systemic symptoms ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ) the following events have also been reported when nevirapine has been used in combination with other antiretroviral agents : - decreased numbers of red blood cells or platelets - inflammation of the pancreas - decrease in or abnormal skin sensations . these events are commonly associated with other antiretroviral agents and may be expected to occur when nevirapine teva is used in combination with other agents ; however , it is unlikely that these events are due to treatment with nevirapine teva . additional side effects in children and adolescents a reduction in white blood cells ( granulocytopenia ) can occur , which is more common in children . a reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be related to nevirapine therapy , is also more commonly observed in children . as with rash symptoms , please inform your doctor of any side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 42 listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effect tell your doctor straight away if you think you have an infection ( which may affect up to 1 in every 10 people ). the symptoms may include fever , sweats , or chills . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low white blood cell counts shown by blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections in your sinuses or throat , blocked or runny nose and sore throat ( upper respiratory tract infection ) 67 urinary tract infection cold sores ( oral herpes ) low platelet counts shown by blood tests high cholesterol , high triglycerides shown by blood tests abnormal liver function tests injection - site reactions ( including redness and itching ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the lungs inflammation of the deep skin tissue rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): perforation in stomach or intestines ( a hole that develops in the wall of the gut ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of kidney function a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an encephalopathy . the most frequently reported side effects are nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people anorexia ( loss of appetite ); depression , hostility or aggression , anxiety , insomnia , nervousness or irritability ; convulsion , balance disorder ( equilibrium disorder ), dizziness ( sensation of unsteadiness ), lethargy ( lack of energy and enthusiasm ), tremor ( involuntary trembling ); vertigo ( sensation of rotation ); cough ; abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea ; rash ; asthenia / fatigue ( tiredness ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people decreased number of blood platelets , decreased number of white blood cells ; weight decrease , weight increase ; suicide attempt and suicidal ideation , mental disorder , abnormal behaviour , hallucination , anger , confusion , panic attack , emotional instability / mood swings , agitation ; amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal coordination / ataxia ( impaired coordinated movements ), paraesthesia ( tingling ), disturbance in attention ( loss of concentration ); diplopia ( double vision ), vision blurred ; elevated / abnormal values in a liver function test ; hair loss , eczema , pruritus ; 145 muscle weakness , myalgia ( muscle pain ); injury . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people infection ; decreased number of all blood cell types ; severe allergic reactions ( dress , anaphylactic reaction [ severe and important allergic reaction ], quincke ' s oedema [ swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ]); decreased blood sodium concentration ; suicide , personality disorders ( behavioural problems ), thinking abnormal ( slow thinking , unable to concentrate ); delirium ; encephalopathy ( see sub - section " tell your doctor immediately " for a detailed description of symptoms ); seizures may become worse or happen more often ; uncontrollable muscle spasms affecting the head , torso and limbs , difficulty in controlling movements , hyperkinesia ( hyperactivity ); change of the heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ); pancreatitis ; liver failure , hepatitis ; sudden decrease in kidney function ; skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ); rhabdomyolysis ( breakdown of muscle tissue ) and associated blood creatine phosphokinase increase . prevalence is significantly higher in japanese patients when compared to non - japanese patients . limp or difficulty walking . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some may be serious and need medical attention . possible serious side effects in rare cases , infection may be life - threatening if you notice any of the following serious side effects you need to tell a doctor straight away . signs of serious infections ( common ) include fever and chills cough skin blisters stomach ache persistent headaches signs of ulcers or holes in your stomach ( uncommon ) include fever stomach or abdominal pain blood in the stool unexplained changes in bowel habits holes in stomach or intestines happen most often in people who also take nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs or corticosteroids ( e . g ., prednisone ). signs of allergic reactions ( unknown ) include chest tightness wheezing 98 classified as public by the european medicines agency severe dizziness or light - headedness swelling of the lips , tongue or throat hives ( itching or skin rash ) signs of blood clots in lungs or veins ( uncommon : venous thromboembolism ) include sudden shortness of breath or difficulty breathing chest pain or pain in upper back swelling of the leg or arm leg pain or tenderness redness or discoloration in the leg or arm other side effects which have been observed with xeljanz are listed below . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): lung infection ( pneumonia and bronchitis ), shingles ( herpes zoster ), infections of nose , throat or the windpipe ( nasopharyngitis ), influenza , sinusitis , urinary bladder infection ( cystitis ), sore throat ( pharyngitis ), increased muscle enzymes in the blood ( sign of muscle problems ), stomach ( belly ) pain ( which may be from inflammation of the stomach lining ), vomiting , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), indigestion , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), fever , fatigue ( tiredness ), swelling of the feet and hands , headache , high blood pressure ( hypertension ), cough , rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tuberculosis , kidney infection , skin infection , herpes simplex or cold sores ( oral herpes ), low white blood cell counts , increased liver enzymes in the blood ( sign of liver problems ), blood creatinine increased ( a possible sign of kidney problems ), increased cholesterol ( including increased ldl ), weight gain , dehydration , muscle strain , pain in the muscles and joints , tendonitis , joint swelling , joint sprain , abnormal sensations , poor sleep , sinus congestion , shortness of breath or difficulty breathing , skin redness , itching , fatty liver , painful inflammation of small pockets in the lining of your intestine ( diverticulitis ), viral infections , viral infections affecting the gut , some types of skin cancers ( non - melanoma - types ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood infection ( sepsis ), disseminated tuberculosis involving bones and other organs , other unusual infections , joint infections . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): tuberculosis involving the brain and spinal cord , meningitis . in general , fewer side effects were seen when xeljanz was used alone than in combination with methotrexate in rheumatoid arthritis . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , provenge can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most severe side effects are described below : infusion - related side effects during or within 24 hours of the infusion , you may develop very common symptoms such as chills , fever , tiredness , feeling weak , headache , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), muscle ache , and dizziness ,. common symptoms include a fainting episode , bluish discoloration of the skin , lips and / or nail beds due to low levels of oxygen in the blood , wheezing , high or low blood pressure and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may also be given other medicines if needed . if you experience any of the following side effects several days after the infusion , contact a doctor immediately : shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , rash , or fever . infection tell your doctor after your provenge treament if you get any symptoms of an infection , for example , a fever or high temperature above 38 , chills , a fast heartbeat , fast breathing , dizziness on standing up , confusion or feeling / being sick . stroke contact a doctor immediately if you experience sudden vision loss in one eye , difficulty speaking , numbness and / or weakness affecting one side of the body as any of these may be signs of a stroke . heart attack contact a doctor immediately if you experience chest pain , pain in the left arm and / or shortness of breath as any of these may be signs of a heart attack . other side effects with provenge include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 patients ): - pain - joint ache or pain ( arthralgia ) - tingling , numbness or abnormal sensation ( paraesthesia ) around lips , in mouth , or in the arms and / or legs during the leukapheresis procedure - muscle spasms , chest pain , and low blood pressure during the leukapheresis procedure ( caused by a medicine ( citrate ) used to prevent blood clotting ). - anaemia ( decrease in number of red blood cells ) due tothe leukapheresis procedure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 patients ): - flu - like illness - abdominal pain - tremor - rash , including raised itchy rash ( urticaria ), or itching - excessive sweating - bacteria in the blood ( bacteraemia ) - reduced sense of touch or sensation ( hypoaesthesia ) - collapse of one of the bones in the spine ( spinal cord compression ) - irregular or rapid heart rate - stroke - temporary symptoms of a stroke - blood in the urine - chest discomfort - decrease of platelets in the blood due to the leukapheresis procedure uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 patients - severe infection in the blood ( sepsis ) - severe infection in the blood from a contaminated catheter ( catheter sepsis ) - infection from a contaminated catheter ( catheter - related infection ) - skin infection of the area where the infusion drip was inserted - heart attack - symptoms of a heart attack - increase in a type of white blood cells called eosinophils - infusion site reaction ( a reaction of the skin area where the infusion drip was inserted ) reporting side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report any side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , lysodren can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : - adrenal insufficiency : fatigue , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , confusion - anaemia : cutaneous pallor , muscular fatigability , feeling breathless , vertigo especially when standing up - liver damage : yellowing of the skin and eyes , itching , nausea , diarrhoea , fatigue , dark coloured urine - neurological disorders : movement and coordination disorders , abnormal sensations like pins and needles , memory loss , concentration difficulty , difficulty to talk , vertigo these symptoms may reveal complications for which specific medication could be appropriate . side effects may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined as follows : - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common side effects - vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , belly pain - lack of appetite - abnormal sensations like pins and needles - movement and coordination disorders , vertigo , confusion - feeling sleepy , fatigue , muscle weakness ( fatigue of muscle during effort ) - inflammation ( swelling , heat , pain ) of mucosa , skin rash - blood disorders ( bleeding time prolonged ) - increase of cholesterol , triglycerides ( fats ) and liver enzymes ( in blood tests ) - decrease in white blood cells count - breast overdevelopment in men - adrenal insufficiency common side effects - dizziness , headache 22 - peripheral nervous system disorders ( association of sensory disorders , muscular weakness and atrophy , decrease of tendon reflex and vasomotor symptoms such as hot flushes , sweat and sleep disorders ) - mental impairment ( such as memory loss , concentration difficulty ) - movement disorder - decrease of red blood cells ( anaemia , with symptoms such as skin pallor and fatigue ), decrease in blood platelets ( may make you more prone to bruising and bleeding ) - hepatitis ( auto - immune ) ( may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine ) - difficulty of coordinating muscles frequency not known - fever - general aching - flushing , high or low blood pressure , feeling of dizziness / vertigo when you suddenly stand up - increased production of saliva - eye disorders : visual impairment , vision blurred , double vision , distortion of images , complain of glare - fungal infection - liver damage ( may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine ) - decreased uric acid in blood tests - bladder inflammation with bleeding - presence of blood in urine , presence of proteins in urine - balance disorder - distortion of the sense of taste - impaired digestion - ovarian macrocysts ( with symptoms such as pelvic pain , bleeding ) - decreased androstenedione ( precursor of sex hormones ) in blood tests in females - decreased testosterone ( sex hormone ) in blood tests in females - sex hormone binding globulin ( a protein which binds sex hormones ) increased in blood tests - decreased free testosterone ( sex hormone ) in blood tests in males in children and adolescents , thyroid problems , neuro - psychological , growth retardation and one case of encephalopathy have been observed . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of the medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common serious side effects of removab are infusion - related side effects and side effects related to the gastrointestinal system ( stomach and gut ). infusion - related side effects during and after infusion with removab more than 1 in 10 patients ( very common ) will probably experience infusion - related side effects . the most common infusion - related side effects , which are mostly mild to moderate , are fever , chills , feeling sick and vomiting . if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may consider reducing the infusion rate of removab or giving you additional treatment to reduce these symptoms . a complex of symptoms including very fast heartbeat , fever and shortness of breath can develop in up to 4 out of 100 patients . these symptoms occur mainly within 24 hours after a removab infusion and can become life - threatening , but can be treated well with additional therapy . if such symptoms occur , speak to a doctor immediately , as these side effects require immediate attention and treatment . side effects related to the gastrointestinal system gastrointestinal reactions like abdominal pain , feeling sick , vomiting and diarrhoea occur in more than 1 in 10 patients ( very common ), but are mostly mild to moderate and respond well to additional treatment . if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may consider reducing the infusion rate of removab or giving you additional treatment to reduce these symptoms . other serious side effects very common serious side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - tiredness common serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - loss of appetite - dehydration - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased blood levels of calcium and sodium - a very fast heart beat - high or low blood pressure - abdominal pain accompanied by difficulty or blockage passing stools , constipation - shortness of breath - accumulation of fluid around the lungs which cause chest pain and breathlessness - inflammation of the bile ducts - skin redness , rash - very fast heartbeat , fever , shortness of breath , feeling faint or light - headed - complex of reactions due to the release of mediators of inflammation - worsening of general state of health , generally feeling unwell and weak - fluid retention - hypersensitivity uncommon serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lumps under the skin on the back of the legs that may become sores and leave scars - inflammation and pain or burning and stinging in the area around the catheter - reduction in number of blood platelets , blood clotting problems - bleeding in the stomach or gut , shown by the vomiting of blood or the passage of red or black stools - skin reaction , severe allergic skin reaction ( dermatitis ) - fits - lung problems including blood clot in the lungs - low blood oxygen levels - severe kidney problems - extravasation ( inadvertent leakage of administered medicinal product from the intraperitoneal catheter system into surrounding tissue ) if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these side effects may require medical treatment . other side effects 47 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - pain - reduction or increase in number of white blood cells - decreased blood levels of potassium - decreased blood protein levels - increase of bilirubin in blood - spinning sensation - indigestion , stomach problems , heartburn , feeling bloated , passing wind , dry mouth - flu - like symptoms - dizziness or headache - chest pain - increased sweating - infections - increased protein levels in urine - back pain , aching muscles and joints - feeling anxious and having difficulty sleeping - itchy rash or hives - redness of the skin in the area around the catheter - flushing - cough reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines and medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact a doctor / health care professional right away if your child experiences one of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ), which may be severe ( anaphylaxis ), and may include : allergic swelling that may affect the face , lips , tongue or throat . bronchospasm ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1000 infants ). this may present as wheezing , coughing or difficulty breathing . severe stomach pain , persistent vomiting , blood in stools , a swollen belly and / or high fever . these could be symptoms of a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 infants ), but serious , side effect called intussusception ( a bowel obstruction in which one segment of bowel becomes enfolded within another segment ). the following other side effects reported with the use of rotateq were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 infants ): fever , diarrhoea , vomiting common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 infants ): infections of the upper respiratory system uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 infants ): stomach pains ( see also above for signs of a very rare side effect of intussusception ), runny nose and sore throat , ear infection , rash , blood in stool rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 infants ): hives 26 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irritability in babies born very prematurely ( at or before 28 weeks of gestation ) longer gaps than normal between breaths may occur for 2 - 3 days after vaccination . ask your doctor / health care professional if you want more information about side effects for rotateq . reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone accord in combination with insulin . symptoms are unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of 65 , seek medical advice straight away . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone accord . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone accord in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking pioglitazone accord and have also been reported in male patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) taking pioglitazone accord . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) has also been reported in patients taking pioglitazone accord . if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) in patients taking pioglitazone accord . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking pioglitazone accord are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - weight gain - numbness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes - allergic reactions the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when pioglitazone accord is taken with other antidiabetic medicines : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - impotence - back pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in red blood cell count - flatulence uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in enzymes - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - sweating - tiredness 37 - increased appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible side effects are similar regardless if you are treated with kineret for ra , caps , fmf or still ' s disease . if any of the following happen , tell your doctor immediately : - serious infections such as pneumonia ( a chest infection ) or infections of the skin can occur during kineret treatment . symptoms might be persistent high fever , shivers , cough , headache , and redness and tenderness of the skin . also persistent low - grade fever , weight loss , and persistent cough can be signs of an infection . - serious allergic reactions are uncommon . however , any of the following symptoms may indicate an allergic reaction to kineret , so you should seek immediate medical attention . do not inject more kineret . - swelling of the face , tongue or throat - trouble swallowing or breathing - suddenly feeling fast pulse or sweating - itchy skin or rash very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - redness , swelling , bruising or itching at the injection site . these symptoms are generally mild to moderate and are more common at the start of your treatment . - headaches . - increased total blood cholesterol levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - neutropenia ( low white blood cell count ) determined after a blood test . this might increase the risk of you getting an infection . symptoms of infection might include a fever or a sore throat . - serious infections such as pneumonia ( a chest infection ) or infections of the skin . - thrombocytopenia ( low level of blood platelets ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - serious allergic reactions including swelling of the face , tongue or throat , trouble swallowing or breathing , suddenly feeling fast pulse or sweating and itchy skin or rash . - elevated levels of liver enzymes determined after a blood test . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - signs of liver disorders such as yellow skin and eyes , nausea , loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine and light - coloured stools . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice any of the following side effects , you may need urgent medical attention . stop taking samsca and immediately contact a doctor or go to the nearest hospital if you : find it difficult to urinate find a swelling of the face , lips or tongue , itching , generalised rash , or severe wheezing or breathlessness ( symptoms of an allergic reaction ). consult your doctor if symptoms of fatigue , loss of appetite , right upper abdominal discomfort , dark urine or jaundice ( yellowing of skin or eyes ) occur . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick thirst rapid rise in level of sodium . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) excessive drinking of water water loss high levels of sodium , potassium , creatinine , uric acid and blood sugar decrease in level of blood sugar decreased appetite fainting headache dizziness low blood pressure when standing up constipation diarrhoea dry mouth patchy bleeding in the skin itching increased need to urinate , or to urinate more frequently tiredness , general weakness fever general feeling of being unwell blood in urine raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood raised levels of creatinine in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sense of taste altered kidney problems not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions ( see above ) liver problems acute liver failure ( alf ) increase in liver enzymes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects - you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic reaction ( common ), particularly if symptoms include swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty to swallow , hives , nettle rash and difficulty breathing . serious breathlessness , or sudden worsening breathlessness , possibly with a cough or fever . this may mean that you have an inflammation of the lungs called ' interstitial lung disease '. this may affect about 1 in 100 patients taking iressa and can be life - threatening . severe skin reactions ( rare ) affecting large areas of your body . the signs may include redness , pain , ulcers , blisters , and shedding of the skin . the lips , nose , eyes and genitals may also be affected . dehydration ( common ) caused by long term or severe diarrhoea , vomiting ( being sick ), nausea ( feeling sick ) or loss of appetite . eye problems ( uncommon ), such as pain , redness , watery eyes , light sensitivity , changes in vision or ingrowing eyelashes . this may mean that you have an ulcer on the surface of the eye ( cornea ). tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea vomiting nausea skin reactions such as an acne - like rash , which is sometimes itchy with dry and / or cracked skin loss of appetite weakness red or sore mouth increase of a liver enzyme known as alanine aminotransferase in a blood test ; if too high , your doctor may tell you to stop taking iressa common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth dry , red or itchy eyes red and sore eyelids nail problems hair loss fever bleeding ( such as nose bleed or blood in your urine ) protein in your urine ( shown in a urine test ) increase of bilirubin and the other liver enzyme known as aspartate aminotransferase in a blood test ; if too high , your doctor may tell you to stop taking iressa increase of creatinine levels in a blood test ( related to kidney function ) cystitis ( burning sensations during urination and frequent , urgent need to urinate ) uncommon : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the pancreas . the signs include very severe pain in the upper part of the stomach area and severe nausea and vomiting . inflammation of the liver . symptoms may include a general feeling of being unwell , with or without possible jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). this side effect is uncommon ; however , some patients have died from this . gastrointestinal perforation rare : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin . this may give the appearance of bruising or patches of non - blanching rash on the skin . haemorrhagic cystitis ( burning sensations during urination and frequent , urgent need to urinate with blood in the urine ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects you must tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects . they may require hospitalisation and could even be life - threatening . - infections ( very common ; may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), with signs such as : - fever - serious decline of your general condition - local symptoms , such as sore throat or burning sensation when urinating - severe stomach pain , fever and possibly diarrhoea ( rarely with blood ) can be signs of bowel inflammation ( neutropenic colitis ) potactasol may reduce your ability to fight infections . - lung inflammation ( rare ; may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), with signs such as : - difficulty breathing - cough - fever the risk of developing this severe condition ( interstitial lung disease ) is higher if you currently have lung problems , or if you have received previous radiation treatment or medicines that affected your lungs , see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ". this condition can be fatal . - severe allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions ( rare ; may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), with signs such as : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness and itchy rash . other side effects with potactasol include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling generally weak and tired , which can be symptoms of a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ). in some cases you may need a blood transfusion . - decrese in number of circulating white blood cells ( leucotyes ) in the blood . abnormal low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , with or without fever . - unusual bruising or bleeding , sometimes severe , caused by a decrease in the number of blood clotting cells ( platelets ). - weight loss and loss of appetite ( anorexia ); tiredness ; weakness . - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; constipation . - inflammation of the lining of the mouth and digestive tract . - fever . - hair loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( including rash ). - abnormal high level of bilirubin , a waste product produced by the liver during breakdown of red blood cells . symptoms may include yellow skin ( jaundice ). - decrease in the number of all blood cells ( pancytopenia ). - feeling unwell . - serious blood infection , which can be fatal . - itching ( pruritus ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling caused by fluid build - up ( angioedema ) e . g . around the eyes and lips as well as hands , feet and throat . if severe it may cause breathing difficulties . - itchy rash ( or hives ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - mild pain and inflammation at the site of injection due to accidental administration of the medicinal product into the surrounding tissue ( extravasation ) e . g . by leakage . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe stomach pain , nausea , vomiting of blood , black or bloody stools ( possible symptoms of gastrointestinal perforation ). - mouth sores , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , bloody stools ( possible signs and symptoms of inflammation of the inner lining of the mouth , stomach and / or gut [ mucosal inflammation ]). if you are being treated for cervical cancer , you may get side effects from the other medicine ( cisplatin ) that you will be given along with potactasol . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . symptoms are unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of 65 , seek medical advice straight away . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking pioglitazone and have also been reported in male patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) taking pioglitazone . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye ( frequency not known ) has also been reported in patients taking pioglitazone . if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported ( frequency not known ) in patients taking pioglitazone actavis . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking pioglitazone : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - weight gain - numbness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes - allergic reactions the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when pioglitazone is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - impotence - back pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in red blood cell count - flatulence ( wind ) 35 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in enzymes - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - sweating - tiredness - increased appetite reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . there is a risk of worsening shortness of breath and wheezing immediately after using riarify and this is known as paradoxical bronchospasm ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if this occurs you should stop using riarify and use your quick - acting " reliever " inhaler straightaway to treat the shortness of breath and wheezing . you should contact your doctor straightaway . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any allergic reactions like skin allergies , hives , skin itching , skin rash ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ), reddening of the skin , swelling of the skin or mucous membranes especially of the eyes , face , lips and throat ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following while using riarify as they could be symptoms of a lung infection ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . possible side effects are listed below according to their frequency . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): sore throat runny or stuffy nose and sneezing fungal infections of the mouth . rinsing your mouth or gargling with water and brushing your teeth immediately after inhalation may help to prevent these side effects hoarseness headache urinary tract infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu inflammation of the sinuses itchy , runny or blocked nose fungal infections of the throat or of the food pipe ( oesophagus ) fungal infections of the vagina restlessness trembling dizziness abnormal or reduced sense of taste numbness inflammation of the ear irregular heart beat changes in the electrocardiogram ( heart trace ) unusually fast heart beat and disorders of the heart rhythm palpitations ( feeling of abnormal beating of the heart ) reddening of the face increased blood flow to some tissues in the body cough and productive cough irritation of the throat nose bleeds dry mouth diarrhoea swallowing difficulties feeling sick upset stomach stomach discomfort after meals burning sensation of the lips tooth decay skin rash , hives , skin itching inflammation of the mucous membrane of the mouth with or without ulcers increased sweating muscle cramps and pain in muscles pain in arms or legs pain in muscles , bones or joints of the chest tiredness increase of blood pressure fall in the level of some constituents of your blood : of certain white blood cells called granulocytes , of potassium or of cortisol increase in the level of some constituents of your blood : glucose , c - reactive protein , number of platelets , insulin , free fatty acid or ketones . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fungal infections of the chest decreased appetite sleep disorders ( sleeping too little or too long ) crushing chest pain sensation of a missed heart beat , unusually slow heart beat leakage of blood from a vessel into the tissues surrounding it decrease of blood pressure weakness pain in the back of the mouth and throat inflammation and redness of the pharynx dry throat painful and frequent urination difficulty and pain when passing urine inflammation of the kidneys . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): low level in the number of certain blood cells called platelets feeling breathless or short of breath swelling of the hands and feet growth retardation in children and adolescents . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): blurred vision . using high - dose inhaled corticosteroids over a long time can cause in very rare cases effects on the body : problems with how your adrenal glands work ( adrenal suppression ) decrease in bone mineral density ( thinning of the bones ) clouding of the lens of your eyes ( cataract ). riarify does not contain a high - dose inhaled corticosteroid , but your doctor may wish to measure the cortisol levels in your blood from time to time . the following side effects can also occur with high - dose inhaled corticosteroids used over a long time , but the frequency is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) at present : depression feeling worried , nervous , over - excited or irritable . these events are more likely to occur in children . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by starlix are usually mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): these are symptoms of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), which are usually mild . these include : sweating dizziness shaking weakness hunger feeling your heart beating fast tiredness feeling sick ( nausea ) these symptoms can also be caused by lack of food or too high a dose of any anti - diabetic medicine you are taking . if you do get symptoms of low blood sugar , eat or drink something containing sugar . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): mild abnormalities in liver function tests , allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as rash and itching very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): skin rash with blisters affecting the lips , eyes 33 and / or mouth , sometimes with headache , fever and / or diarrhoea reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common side effects are pain in limb ( frequency is very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and feeling sick , headache and dizziness ( frequency is common ). if you become dizzy ( light - headed ) after your injection , you should sit or lie down until you feel better . if you do not feel better , you should call a doctor before you continue treatment . cases of fainting have been reported in association with teriparatide use . if you experience discomfort such as redness of the skin , pain , swelling , itching , bruising or minor bleeding around the area of the injection ( frequency is common ), this should clear up in a few days or weeks . otherwise tell your doctor as soon as possible . some patients may have experienced allergic reactions soon after injection , consisting of breathlessness , swelling of the face , rash and chest pain ( frequency is rare ). in rare cases , serious and potentially life - threatening allergic reactions including anaphylaxis can occur . other side effects include : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people increase in blood cholesterol levels depression neuralgic pain in the leg feeling faint irregular heart beats breathlessness increased sweating muscle cramps loss of energy tiredness chest pain low blood pressure 25 heartburn ( painful or burning sensation just below the breast bone ) being sick ( vomiting ) a hernia of the tube that carries food to your stomach low haemoglobin or red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate abnormal heart sound shortness of breath haemorrhoids ( piles ) accidental loss or leakage of urine increased need to pass water weight increase kidney stones pain in the muscles and pain in the joints . some patients have experienced severe back cramps or pain which lead to hospitalization . increase in blood calcium level increase in blood uric acid level increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people reduced kidney function , including renal failure swelling , mainly in the hands , feet and legs . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , sepioglin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( 1 to 10 users in 100 ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . symptoms are unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of 65 , seek medical advice straight away . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( 1 to 10 users in 1000 ) in patients taking pioglitazone . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( 1 to 10 users in 100 ) in women patients taking pioglitazone . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye ( frequency not known ) has also been reported in patients taking pioglitazone . if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking pioglitazone are : common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - weight gain - numbness uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when pioglitazone is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - impotence - back pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in red blood cell count - flatulence uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in enzymes - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - sweating - tiredness - increased appetite if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel teva pharma alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of docetaxel teva pharma may be increased when docetaxel teva pharma is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing fever or chills back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of docetaxel teva pharma the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation 74 abdominal pain indigestion hair loss ( in most cases normal hair growth should return ) redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagatis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling inflammation of the colon , small intestine ; intestinal perforation blood clots . frequency unknown : interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when docetaxel therapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium in your blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported for verkazia : the most common side effects are in and around the eyes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain when the drops are put into the eye . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common side effects related to the eye : itching , redness , irritation and discomfort in or around the eye including a feeling that there is something in the eye . increased watering of the eye and blurred vision when the drops are put into the eye . swelling and redness of eyelid . common side effects which are not related to the eye : upper respiratory tract infection , cough , headache . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling of the eyelid and of the conjunctiva ( thin membrane covering the front part of the eye ). bacterial infection of the cornea ( transparent front part of the eye ). eye infection caused by herpes zoster virus . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , datscan can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of side effects is : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - headache uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - increased appetite - dizziness - taste disturbance - nausea - dry mouth - vertigo - a brief irritating feeling similar to ants crawling over your skin ( formication ) - intense pain ( or burning sensation ) at the injection site . this has been reported among patients receiving datscan into a small vein . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . - hypersensitivity ( allergic ) - shortness of breath - redness of the skin - itching - rash - hives ( urticaria ) - excessive sweating - vomiting - low blood pressure - feeling hot the amount of radioactivity in the body from datscan is very small . it will be passed out of the body in a few days without need for you to take special precautions . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a serious but very rare side effect of taking hepsera . it can cause too much lactic acid in the blood and enlargement of the liver . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women , particularly if they are very overweight . people with liver disease may also be at risk . some of the signs of lactic acidosis are : feeling sick ( nausea ) and sickness ( vomiting ) 27 stomach pain contact your doctor at once if you get any of these symptoms . they are the same as some of the common side effects of hepsera . if you do get any of them , it is unlikely to be serious , but you need to check . your doctor will monitor you regularly while you take hepsera . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) damage to kidney tubule cells common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea digestive problems including wind or discomfort after eating meals stomach pain kidney problems , as shown by blood tests tell a doctor or pharmacist if you are worried about any of these . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) weakness tell a doctor or pharmacist if you are worried about this . side effects before or after having a liver transplant some patients have experienced : rash and itching common feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) common kidney failure common kidney problems very common tell a doctor or pharmacist if you are worried about any of these . also tests may show decreases in phosphate ( common ) or increases in creatinine ( very common ) in the blood . other possible side effects the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): kidney failure 28 kidney problems may lead to softening of the bones ( which causes bone pain and sometimes leads to fractures ) and muscle pain or weakness . inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , the medicine radiolabelled with endolucinbeta can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . dry mouth has been reported among patients with prostate cancer receiving treatment with lutetium ( 177lu ) and has been temporary . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( platelets , red or white blood cells ) 26 - nausea - vomiting side effects reported among patients treated for neuroendocrine tumors : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - mild temporary hair loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - bone marrow cancer ( myelodysplastic syndrome ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - bone marrow cancer ( acute myeloid leukaemia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - carcinoid crisis - tumour lysis syndrome ( rapid breakdown of tumour cells ) bone marrow cancer ( myelodysplastic syndrome and acute myeloid leukaemia ) has been reported in patients several years after treatment with lutetium ( 177lu ) peptide receptor radionuclide therapy for neuroendocrine tumours . after the medicine radiolablelled with endolucinbeta is administered , it will deliver certain amounts of ionising radiation ( radioactivity ) which can induce a certain risk of cancer and development of hereditary defects . in all cases , the risk of the radiation is outweighed by the potential benefit of receiving the radiolabelled medicine . for more information , refer to the package leaflet of the particular medicinal product to be radiolabelled . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . infusion reactions pain / redness of the injection site may occur rarely during infusion of pixuvri . tell the person giving you the infusion immediately if you feel pain or if the injection site gets red . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . when these symptoms go away or improve , the infusion can be continued . pixuvri has a deep blue colour and for several days after receiving pixuvri , your skin and eyes may develop a bluish discolouration , and your urine may have a bluish discolouration . the skin discolouration generally disappears over a few days to weeks as the drug is cleared . infections tell your doctor if you get any symptoms of an infection ( for example , fever , chills , trouble breathing , cough , sores in your mouth , trouble swallowing , or severe diarrhoea ) after pixuvri treatment . you might get infections more easily after you have been given pixuvri . heart there is a possibility that your heart pumping function could decrease as a result of the treatment or you might even develop a serious condition called heart failure , especially if your heart function was already compromised at the beginning of the treatment with pixuvri . your doctor will monitor your heart function if there is any sign or symptom of your heart being affected . tell your doctor if you think you have any of the following reactions very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - nausea , vomiting - skin discolouration - thinning or loss of hair - abnormal colouration of the urine - physical weakness - low number of white blood cells , low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), and low number of platelets in the blood ( may require transfusion ). common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - infection such as lung infection , skin infections , infections with low white blood cells , thrush - fever - severe blood infection ( sepsis ) 28 - taste disturbances - abnormal sensations of the skin such as numbness , tingling , pricking ( paraesthesia ) - headache - sleepiness - tiredness - inflammation of the eyes ( conjunctivitis ) - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen - inflammation and / or ulceration of the throat and the mouth - dry mouth , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite - skin changes such as redness and itching of the skin , nail changes - damage to the heart , decrease in heart ' s ability to pump blood , blockage of electrical signals in your heart , uneven or fast heartbeat . - low blood pressure - vein discolouration , pale skin - shortness of breath , cough - blood in urine - excess protein in urine - swelling of legs or ankles or other parts of the body - bone pain - chest pain - low levels of phosphate in the blood - abnormal blood test for liver or kidney function . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - severe infections such as septic shock , bronchitis , pneumonia , candidiasis , cellulitis , meningitis , gastroenteritis - viral infections such as shingles or reactivation of other virus such as herpes in the mouth - nervousness , sleeplessness - loss of energy - dizziness , vertigo - dryness of the eye - numbness of the mouth - infection of the cornea - allergy to the medicine - decrease in blood calcium and sodium level ; increase in blood uric acid level - inflammation or fluid accumulation around the lungs - runny nose - bleeding such as gut bleed , purple spots on body due to broken blood vessels - vein irritation - night sweats - irregular heartbeat - spontaneous erection - skin rash and / or ulceration - pain , swelling , weakness , stiffness in joints or muscles - decreased urinary output - loss of weight - increased bilirubin in blood or urine - inflammation of the gullet - pain in neck , back , extremities - nail infection - neoplasm ( tumour ) progression - new cancers of the bone marrow or blood , such as acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml ) or myelodysplastic syndrome ( mds ) - liver damage - bone marrow failure - increased eosinophils in blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . competact may cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " risk of lactic acidosis "). if this happens you must stop taking competact and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking competact . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking competact and have also been reported in male patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) taking competact . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye ( macular oedema ) has been reported ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ). if you experience these symptoms for the first time talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptoms get worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ) in patients taking competact . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor immediately . the following side effects have been experienced by some patients taking competact : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - loss of appetite common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - localised swelling ( oedema ) - weight gain - headache - respiratory infection - abnormal vision - joint pain - impotence - blood in urine - reduction in blood count ( anaemia ) - numbness - taste disturbance uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - gas - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 ) - decrease in amount of vitamin b12 in the blood - redness of the skin - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency can not be estimated from the available data ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalization . if you have any questions about symptoms or side effects , or if any symptoms concern you → talk immediately to your doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) acute graft - versus - host disease ( a complication that can occur after a stem - cell or bone marrow transplantation in which the newly transplanted donor cells attack the patient ' s body ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - post - transplantation lymphoproliferative disorder ( increase in the number of white blood cells in the blood after a transplantation ) - chronic graft - versus - host disease ( a complication that can occur after a stem - cell or bone marrow transplantation in which the newly transplanted donor cells attack the patient ' s body ) - intestinal haemorrage ( bleeding in the gut ) - hepatic failure ( liver malfunction ) - febrile neutropenia ( fever associated with reduction of the number of white blood cells ) - decreased haemoglobin ( reduction of the number of red blood cells ) - decreased platelet count ( reduction of the number of platelets in the blood ) - bronchitis ( lung infection ) - pyrexia ( fever ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention : stop taking qtrilmet and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - serious allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of serious allergic reaction : o rash , o raised red patches on your skin ( hives ), o swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and change your diabetes medicine . - lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) qtrilmet may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : o vomiting , o stomach ache ( abdominal pain ), o muscle cramps , o general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness , o difficulty in breathing , o reduced body temperature and slower heartbeat . if this happens you must stop taking qtrilmet and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - pancreatitis , seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of pancreatitis : o severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , o nausea and vomiting . - dehydration , ( loss of too much fluid from your body ), seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of dehydration : o very dry or sticky mouth , feeling very thirsty , o feeling very sleepy or tired , o passing little or no water ( urine ), o fast heartbeat . - urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract include : o fever , chills , o burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ), o altered urinary frequency , including urgent need to urinate more often , o smelly or cloudy appearance of urine , o pain in your back or side . - diabetic ketoacidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "): 53 o increased levels of " ketone bodies " seen in your urine or blood tests , o rapid weight loss , o feeling sick or being sick , o stomach pain , o excessive thirst , o fast and deep breathing , o confusion , o unusual sleepiness or tiredness , o a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with qtrilmet . stop taking qtrilmet and see a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the serious side effects above . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following side effects : - necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus , seen very rarely ( see section 2 " diabetic skin and foot problems "). contact your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following side effects : - low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if used with other diabetes medicines which cause hypoglycaemia . signs of low blood sugar : o shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heartbeat , o feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , o a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects when taking qtrilmet include : very common - nausea , vomiting - diarrhoea or stomach ache - loss of appetite - upper respiratory tract infection including : o infection of the upper chest or lungs , o infection of the sinuses with a feeling of pain and fullness behind your cheeks and eyes ( sinusitis ), o inflamed nose or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) ( signs of this may include a cold or a sore throat ). common - genital infection ( thrush ) of your penis or vagina ( signs may include irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) - back pain - passing more water ( urine ) than usual or needing to pass water more often - dizziness - tiredness - severe joint pain ( arthralgia ) - stomach ache and indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - inflamed stomach or gut usually caused by an infection ( gastroenteritis ) 54 - headache , muscle pain ( myalgia ) - changes in blood tests ( changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood , increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood or decreases in creatinine renal clearance ) - rash - changes in taste - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon - thirst - constipation - awakening from sleep at night to pass urine - dry mouth - weight decrease - decrease in kidney function , increases in creatinine or urea ( shown in blood tests ) - skin rash that may include raised bumps , skin irritation , or itchiness - difficulties in getting or maintaining an erection ( erectile dysfunction ) - fungal infection - mild allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction ( rash ) - itching in the genital area ( genital pruritus or vulvovaginal pruritus ) or discomfort while urinating very rare - decreased vitamin b12 levels in the blood - abnormalities in liver function tests , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ), itching , or an itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : allergic reactions may occur following vaccination , in rare cases leading to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . other side effects : the side effects listed below have occurred with pandemrix in clinical studies in adults , including the elderly . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache tiredness pain and swelling at the injection site shivering increased sweating 39 aching muscles , joint pain common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people redness and itching at the injection site fever feeling sick , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people a hard lump and warmth at the injection site swollen glands in the neck , armpit or groin tingling or numbness of the hands or feet sleeplessness dizziness itching , rash generally feeling unwell flu - like symptoms these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without treatment . if they persist , consult your doctor . additional side effects in children and adolescents children aged 10 - 17 years the side effects listed above have also been observed with similar frequencies in clinical studies in children 10 to 17 years of age , except for redness at the injection site which was very common and sweating which was common . children aged 3 - 9 years in children 3 to 9 years of age who received two 0 . 25 ml doses of pandemrix ( h1n1 ) the side effects reported were similar to those reported in adults , except for redness at the injection site and gastrointestinal symptoms which were very common and shivering and sweating which were common . in addition , fever was very common in children aged 3 - 5 years . some side effects ( including local redness and fever ) occurred more frequently after the second dose compared to the first dose . children aged 6 - 35 months in children aged 6 - 35 months who received two doses of 0 . 25 ml of pandemrix ( h1n1 ), there was an increase in reports of pain , redness and swelling at the injection site as well as fever (> 38 ), drowsiness , irritability and loss of appetite after the second dose compared to the first dose . all these side effects were reported very commonly after each dose . the side effects listed below have happened after pandemrix ( h1n1 ) v came on the market : allergic reactions leading to a dangerous decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to shock . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . generalised skin reactions including facial swelling and urticaria ( hives ) fits due to fever a long - term condition with excessive daytime sleepiness ( narcolepsy ), with or without sudden weakness ( cataplexy ), which may lead to falls without loss of consciousness short - term sleepiness following vaccination reactions at the injection site such as pain , redness , bruising , swelling and heat ( inflammation ), hard lump ( mass ) 40 the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . they may also happen with pandemrix . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people severe stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood platelet count which can result in bleeding or bruising very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels which can cause skin rashes , joint pain and kidney problems ) neurological disorders such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), neuritis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known a guillain - barré syndrome reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must immediately contact your doctor if you experience any of those serious side effects ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take bosulif "): blood disorders . tell your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms : bleeding , fever or easy bruising ( you might have blood or lymphatic system disorder ). liver disorders . tell your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms : itching , yellow eyes or skin , dark urine , and pain or discomfort in the right upper stomach area or fever . stomach / intestinal disorders . tell your doctor if you develop stomach pain , heartburn , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea and vomiting . heart problems . tell your doctor if you have a heart disorder , such as an abnormal electrical signal called " prolongation of the qt interval ", or if you faint ( loss of consciousness ) or have an irregular heart beat while taking bosulif . hepatitis b reactivation . recurrence ( reactivation ) of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). severe skin reactions . tell your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms : painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ). side effects with bosulif may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in the number of platelets , red blood cells and / or neutrophils ( type of white blood cells ). - diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea . - fever , swelling of hands , feet or face , fatigue , weakness . - respiratory tract infection . - nasopharyngitis . - changes in blood test to determine if bosulif is affecting your liver and / or pancreas . - decrease of appetite . - joint pain , back pain . - headache . - skin rash , which may be itchy and / or generalised . - cough . - shortness of breath . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low white blood cells count ( leukopenia ). - stomach irritation ( gastritis ), bleeding from the stomach or intestine . - chest pain , pain . - toxic damage to the liver , abnormal hepatic function including liver disorder . - infection of the lung ( pneumonia ), influenza , bronchitis . - defect in cardiac rhythm that predisposes to fainting , dizziness and palpitation . - increase in blood pressure . - high level of potassium in the blood , low level of phosphorus in the blood , excessive loss of body fluid ( dehydration ). - pain in the muscles . - feeling of instability ( dizziness ), alteration of the sense of taste ( dysgeusia ). - acute kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney impairment . - fluid on the lungs ( pleural effusion ). - fluid around the heart ( pericardial effusion ). - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ). - itching , urticaria ( hives ), acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - fever associated with low white blood cell count ( febrile neutropenia ). - acute inflammation of the pancreas ( acute pancreatitis ). - damage to the liver . - life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). - abnormal build - up of fluid in the lungs ( acute pulmonary oedema ). - respiratory failure . - allergic reaction . - abnormally high blood pressure in the arteries of the lungs ( pulmonary hypertension ). - skin eruption . - inflammation of the sac - like covering of the heart ( pericarditis ). - a marked decrease in the number of granulocytes ( a type of white blood cells ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - severe skin disorder ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) due to an allergic reaction , exfoliative ( scaly , peeling ) rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people - minor or major bleeding , ( for example , blood in urine , blood in stool , vomiting blood , or bleeding with surgical procedures ). - anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells ). common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people - inflammation of a vein . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people - reduction in the number of platelets ( blood cells necessary for blood clotting ). - reduced blood flow to the brain . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - serious bleeding ( for example , bleeding inside the abdomen , inside the brain , and into the lungs ). - fatal bleeding . - severe reduction in the number of platelets ( blood cells necessary for blood clotting ). - skin rash ( such as hives ). - sudden , severe allergic reaction . if you notice any signs of bleeding , notify your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse immediately . very rarely , bleeding has become severe and even fatal . safety measures to prevent this from happening include blood tests and careful checking by the healthcare professionals taking care of you . if you develop severe allergic reaction or hives , notify your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse immediately . other events that may occur in patients , who require this type of treatment , include those that are related to the condition you are having treated , such as rapid or irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , shock or cardiac arrest . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , side effects occur within the first few days after injection and are temporary . most side effects are of mild to moderate severity . if you have any difficulty in breathing , swallowing or speaking after receiving nuceiva contact your doctor immediately . if you get hives , swelling , including swelling of the face or throat , wheezing , feeling faint or shortness of breath , contact your doctor immediately . the chance of having a side effect is described by the following categories : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , muscle imbalance resulting in elevated or asymmetrical eyebrows , eyelid drooping , injection site bruise uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sensory disturbance , head discomfort , dry eye , eyelid swelling , eye swelling , muscle twitching , injection site : redness , pain , tingling reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , zevalin can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice symptoms of any of the following : infection : fever , chills blood poisoning ( sepsis ): fever and chills , changes in mental status , rapid breathing , increased heart rate , decreased urine output , low blood pressure , shock , problems with bleeding or clotting infections of the lung ( pneumonia ): breathing difficulties low counts of blood cells : unusual bruising , more bleeding then usual after injury , fever , or if you feel unusually tired or breathless severe mucous membrane reactions , which may occur days or months after zevalin and / or rituximab administration . your doctor will immediately stop the treatment . extravasation ( leakage of the infusion to the surrounding tissue ): pain , burning sensation , stinging or another reaction at the infusion site during administration . your doctor will immediately stop the infusion and restart it using another vein . allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions / infusion reactions : symptoms for allergic reactions / infusion reactions may be skin reactions , breathing difficulties , swelling , itching , flushing , chills , dizziness ( as potential sign for low blood pressure ). depending on the kind / severity of reaction your doctor will decide if treatment must be stopped immediately . the side effects marked with an asterisk (*) have led to death in some cases , either in clinical trials or during the marketing of the product . the side effects marked with two asterisks (**) were observed additionally under consolidation therapy . very common side effects ( may effect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased number of blood platelets , white and red blood cells ( thrombocytopenia , leukocytopenia , neutropenia , anaemia )* - feeling sick ( nausea ) - weakness , fever , chills ( rigor ) - infection * - tiredness ** - red pinpoint spots under the skin ( petechia )** common side effects ( may effect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood poisoning ( sepsis )*; infection of the lungs ( pneumonia )*; urinary tract infection , fungal infections in the mouth such as oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ) - other blood related cancers ( myelodysplastic syndrome ( mds ) / acute myeloid leukaemia ( aml )) *, **; tumour pain - fever with decrease in the number of specific white blood cells ( febrile neutropenia ); decreased counts of all blood cells ( pancytopenia )*; decreased number of lymphocytes ( lymphocytopenia ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - severe loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - feeling anxious ( anxiety ); trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - dizziness ; headache , - bleeding due to decreased blood platelet counts *, - cough ; runny nose - vomiting , stomach ( abdominal ) pain ; diarrhoea ; indigestion ; throat irritation ; constipation 37 - rash ; itching ( pruritus ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) aching muscles ( myalgia ); back pain ; neck pain - pain ; flu - like symptoms ; generally feeling unwell ( malaise ), swelling caused by build - up of fluid in the arms and legs and other tissues ( peripheral oedema ); increased sweating - high blood pressure ( hypertension )** - low blood pressure ( hypotension )** - absence of menstruation ( amenorrhea )** uncommon side effects : ( may effect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rapid heart beat ( tachycardia ), rare side effects : ( may effect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - benign brain tumour ( meningioma ), - bleeding in the head due to decreased blood platelet counts *, side effects for which frequency is not known : - reaction of the skin and mucous membranes ( including stevens - johnson syndrome )* - leakage of the infusion to the surrounding tissue ( extravasation ), causing skin inflammation ( infusion site dermatitis ) and shedding ( infusion site desquamation ) or injection site ulcers - tissue damage around tumours of the lymph system and complications due to swelling of such tumours reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some people get depressed when taking pegasys alone or in combination treatment with ribavirin , and in some cases people have had suicidal thoughts or aggressive behaviour ( sometimes directed against others such as thoughts about threatening the life of the others ). some patients have actually committed suicide . be sure to seek emergency care if you notice that you are becoming depressed or have suicidal thoughts or change in your behaviour . you may want to consider asking a family member or close friend to help you stay alert to signs of depression or changes in your behaviour . growth and development ( children and adolescents ): some children and adolescents treated with pegasys for chronic hepatitis b for 48 weeks did not grow or gain weight as much as expected for their age . it is not yet known whether they will return to their projected height and weight after completing treatment . with up to one year of treatment with pegasys in combination with ribavirin , some children and adolescents with chronic hepatitis c did not grow or gain weight as much as expected . while most children returned to their projected height within two years after completing treatment , and the majority of the remaining children within six years after completing treatment , it remains possible that pegasys may affect the final adult height . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : severe chest pain ; persistent cough ; irregular heartbeat ; trouble breathing ; confusion ; depression ; severe stomach pain ; blood in stool ( or black , tarry stools ); severe nosebleed ; fever or chills ; problems with your eyesight . these side effects can be serious and you may need urgent medical attention . very common side effects with the combination of pegasys and ribavirin ( may effect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : metabolic disorders : loss of appetite psychiatric and nervous system disorders : feeling depressed ( feeling low , feeling bad about yourself or feeling hopeless ), anxiety , inability to sleep , headache , difficulty concentrating and dizziness breathing disorders : cough , shortness of breath digestive system disorders : diarrhoea , nausea , abdominal pain skin disorders : loss of hair , and skin reactions ( including itching , dermatitis and dry skin ) muscle and bone disorders : pain in joints and muscles general disorders : fever , weakness , tiredness , shaking , chills , pain , injection site irritation and irritability ( getting easily upset ) common side effects with the combination of pegasys and ribavirin ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : infections : fungal , viral and bacterial infections . upper respiratory infection , bronchitis , fungal infection of the mouth and herpes ( a common recurring viral infection affecting the lips , mouth ) blood disorders : low platelet count ( affecting the clotting ability ), anaemia ( low red cell count ) and enlarged lymph glands hormone system disorders : overactive and underactive thyroid gland psychiatric and nervous system disorders : mood / emotion changes , aggression , nervousness , decreased sexual desire , poor memory , fainting , decreased muscle strength , migraine , numbness , tingling , burning sensation , tremor , changes in the sense of taste , nightmares , sleepiness eye disorders : blurry vision , eye pain , eye inflammation and dry eyes 111 ear disorders : ear pain heart and blood vessel disorders : rapid heart rate , pulsation of the heart beats , swelling in the extremities , flushing breathing disorders : shortness of breath with activity , nose bleeds , nose and throat inflammation , infections of the nose and sinuses ( air - filled spaces found in the bones of the head and face ), runny nose , sore throat digestive system disorders : vomiting , indigestion , difficulty swallowing , mouth ulceration , bleeding gums , inflammation of tongue and mouth , flatulence ( excess amount of air or gases ), dry mouth and loss of weight skin disorders : rash , increased sweating , psoriasis , hives , eczema , sensitivity to sunlight , night sweats muscle and bone disorders : back pain , joint inflammation , muscle weakness , bone pain , neck pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps reproductive system disorders : impotence ( inability to maintain an erection ) general disorders : chest pain , flu - like illness , malaise ( not feeling well ), lethargy , hot flushes , thirst uncommon side effects with the combination of pegasys and ribavirin ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : infections : lung infection , skin infections neoplasms benign and malignant disorders : liver tumour immune system disorders : sarcoidosis ( areas of inflamed tissue occurring throughout the body ), inflammation of the thyroid hormone system disorders : diabetes ( high blood sugar ) metabolic disorders : dehydration psychiatric and nervous system disorders : thoughts of suicide , hallucinations ( severe problems with personality and deterioration in normal social functioning ), peripheral neuropathy ( disorder of the nerves affecting the extremities ) eye disorders : bleeding in the retina ( back of the eye ) ear disorders : hearing loss heart and blood vessel disorders : high blood pressure breathing disorders : wheezing digestive system disorders : gastrointestinal bleeding liver disorders : poor functioning of the liver rare side effects with the combination of pegasys and ribavirin ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) are : infections : infection of the heart , infection of the external ear blood disorders : severe reduction in red blood cells , white blood cells and platelets immune system disorders : severe allergic reaction , systemic lupus erythematosus ( an illness where the body attacks its own cells ), rheumatoid arthritis ( an autoimmune disease ) hormone system disorders : diabetic ketoacidosis , a complication of uncontrolled diabetes psychiatric and nervous system disorders : suicide , psychotic disorders ( severe problems with personality and deterioration in normal social functioning ), coma ( a deep prolonged unconsciousness ), seizures , facial palsy ( weakness of the facial muscle ) eye disorders : inflammation and swelling of the optic nerve , inflammation of the retina , ulceration of the cornea heart and blood vessel disorders : heart attack , heart failure , heart pain , rapid heart rhythm , rhythm disorders or inflammation of the lining of the heart and cardiac muscle , bleeding in the brain and inflammation in the vessels breathing disorders : interstitial pneumonia ( inflammation of the lungs including fatal outcome ), blood clots in the lung digestive system disorders : stomach ulcer , inflammation of the pancreas liver disorders : liver failure , bile duct inflammation , fatty liver muscle and bone disorders : inflammation of the muscles kidney disorders : kidney failure injury or poisoning : substance overdose 112 very rare side effects with the combination of pegasys and ribavirin ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) are : blood disorders : aplastic anaemia ( failure of the bone marrow to produce red blood cells , white blood cells and platelets ) immune system disorders : idiopathic ( or thrombotic ) thrombocytopenic purpura ( increased bruising , bleeding , decreased platelets , anaemia and extreme weakness ) eye disorders : loss of vision skin disorders : toxic epidermal necrolysis / stevens johnson syndrome / erythema multiforme ( a spectrum of rashes with varying degrees of severity including death which may be associated with blisters in the mouth , nose , eyes and other mucosal membranes and sloughing of the affected area of the skin ), angioedema ( swelling in the skin and mucosa ) side effects with unknown frequency : blood disorders : pure red cell aplasia ( a severe form of anaemia where red blood cell production is decreased or stopped ); it can result in symptoms such as feeling very tired with no energy immune system disorders : vogt koyanagi harada disease a rare disease characterised by loss of vision , hearing and skin pigmentation ; liver and kidney transplant rejections psychiatric and nervous system disorders : mania ( episodes of exaggerated elevation of mood ) and bipolar disorders ( episodes of exaggerated elevation of mood alternating with sadness and hopelessness ); thoughts about threatening the life of others , stroke eye disorders : rare form of retinal detachment with fluid in the retina heart and blood vessel disorders : peripheral ischaemia ( insufficient blood supply to the extremities ) digestive system disorders : ischaemic colitis ( insufficient blood supply to the bowels ), changes in the colour of the tongue muscle and bone disorders : serious muscle damage and pain pulmonary arterial hypertension - a disease of severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this may occur in particular in patients with risk factors such as hiv infection or severe liver problems ( cirrhosis ). the side effect may develop at various time points during treatment , typically several months after starting treatment with pegasys . when pegasys is used alone in hepatitis b or c patients , some of these effects are less likely to occur . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : bladder cancer has been experienced uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking tandemact . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , pain when urinating or a sudden need to urinate . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) has been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking tandemact . the symptoms may include cold sweat , tiredness , headache , rapid heartbeat , hunger pangs , irritability , nervousness or nausea . it is important to know what symptoms to expect when hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) occurs . ask your doctor or pharmacist for more information if you are not sure how to recognise this and what you should do if you experience the symptoms . decrease in blood platelets ( which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ), red blood cells ( which makes the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness ) and white blood cells ( which makes infections more likely ) have been reported in patients taking tandemact rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . these problems generally get better after you stop taking tandemact . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking tandemact in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking tandemact and have also been reported in male patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) taking tandemact . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling ( or fluid ) at the back of the eye ( macular oedema ) has also been reported in patients taking tandemact ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions have been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) in patients taking tandemact . if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor immediately . some patients experienced the following side effects whilst taking pioglitazone and sulphonylureas , including glimepiride : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - dizziness - gas - respiratory infection - numbness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - headache - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - vertigo - abnormal vision - sweating - tiredness - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - decreased blood sugar - sugar in urine - proteins in urine - increased appetite - increase of an enzyme called lactic dehydrogenase ( ldh ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - noticeable changes in blood very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver disease 39 - allergic reactions including allergic shock - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting and diarrhoea - stomach ache - abdominal pressure - feeling of fullness in the stomach - sensitivity to light - decrease in salt ( sodium ) concentrations in the blood not known ( frequency can not be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic - type hypersensitivity reactions are possible with rixubis . such reactions may include burning sensations and stinging at the infusion site , chills , flushing , lethargy , restlessness , tingling , hives , itching and rash , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , tightness of the chest , wheezing , swelling of the throat , anaphylaxis ( severe allergic reaction ), headache , nausea and vomiting . please , contact your doctor immediately if you experience such signs . your doctor may need to treat you promptly for these reactions ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). the following side effects have been observed with rixubis : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 patients ) - altered taste - pain in limbs . side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). problems from exaggerated blood clotting ( thromboembolic episodes ) have not been observed with this product , but may occur with any factor ix products . these may include heart attack , blood clots in the veins or blood clots in the lung . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or , pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . infusion - related reactions some people may have allergic - like reactions when they receive an infusion . these usually develop within minutes or hours but may develop up to 24 hours after treatment . symptoms include : flushing chills fever difficulty breathing rapid heartbeat drop in blood pressure . get medical help immediately if you think you may be having a reaction . other side effects 30 tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people eye problems , including disorder of the cornea of the eye ( keratopathy ), blurred vision , and dry eyes . read the information under ' eye problems ' in section 2 of this leaflet . low number of a type of blood cell called platelets which help to clot blood ( thrombocytopenia ), causing abnormal bruising and bleeding read the information under ' abnormal bruising and bleeding ' in section 2 of this leaflet . infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) fever low number of red blood cells which carry oxygen in the blood ( anaemia ), causing weakness and fatigue . low number of white blood cells in the blood ( lymphopenia , leukopenia , neutropenia ). abnormal blood levels of enzymes indicating liver problems ( aspartate aminotransferase , gamma glutamyltransferase ). nausea feeling tired ( fatigue ) diarrhoea common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people cold or cold - like symptoms such as cough , runny nose or sore throat . vomiting abnormal levels of creatinine phosphokinase sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) eye irritation uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people eye sores , possibly with infection ( ulcerative and infective keratitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following side effects : severe allergic reaction , seen with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) possible signs of severe allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may lead to difficulty breathing or swallowing ) lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) synjardy may cause a very rare but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section 2 ). if this happens you must stop taking synjardy and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . diabetic ketoacidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see section 2 ): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling sick or being sick stomach pain excessive thirst fast and deep breathing confusion unusual sleepiness or tiredness a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with synjardy . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice the following side effects : low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if you take synjardy with another medicine that can cause low blood sugar , such as a sulfonylurea or insulin , your risk of getting low blood sugar is increased . the signs of low blood sugar may include : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious or confused , fast heart beat excessive hunger , headache your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have symptoms of low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) the signs of urinary tract infection are : burning sensation when passing urine urine that appears cloudy pain in the pelvis , or mid - back pain ( when kidneys are infected ) an urge to pass urine or more frequent urination may be due to the way synjardy works , but they can also be signs of urinary tract infection . if you note an increase in such symptoms , you should also contact your doctor . dehydration , seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the signs of dehydration are not specific , but may include : unusual thirst lightheadedness or dizziness upon standing 72 fainting or loss of consciousness other side effects while taking synjardy : very common feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting diarrhoea or stomach ache loss of appetite common genital yeast infection ( thrush ) passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often itching rash or red skin this may be itchy and include raised bumps , oozing fluid or blisters changes to the way things taste thirst blood tests may show an increase in blood fat ( cholesterol ) levels in your blood uncommon hives straining or pain when emptying the bladder blood tests may show a decrease in kidney function ( creatinine or urea ) blood tests may show increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( haematocrit ) very rare decreased vitamin b12 levels in the blood abnormalities in liver function tests , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) redness of the skin ( erythema ) not known necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ´ s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects have been observed with the following frequencies : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people infections , flu headache , back pain 25 dizziness nausea , indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , abdomen enlarged rectal bleeding accumulation of fluid in arms or legs hair loss weakness , pelvic ( lower abdomen ) pain need to urinate more frequently than usual abnormal liver function uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people lack of blood platelets , red or white blood cells bleeding , including small bleeding beneath the skin blood clotting disorders allergic reactions , increased sensitivity to light loss of appetite , weight gain or loss severe mood swings or depression increased sweating , sleeplessness restlessness abnormal sensation such as prickling , tingling and itchiness flow of tears , lazy eye ringing or buzzing in the ears breathing difficulties indigestion , vomiting , wind , difficulty passing stools mouth ulcer skin rash , increased mole size joint or muscle pain not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data blood clotting disorders allergic reactions abnormal liver function reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions seek medical attention immediately if you think you may be having an allergic reaction . such reactions may happen within hours or days after the injection . not known ( the frequency cannot be determined from the available data ): anaphylaxis symptoms usually include : o swelling of your face , tongue , or mouth o breathing problems o fainting , dizziness , feeling lightheaded ( due to a drop in blood pressure ) common ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): hives rash other side effects common ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache pharyngitis ( sore throat ) fever ( high temperature ) injection site reaction ( for example pain , redness , itching , swelling near where the injection was given ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . eliquis can be given for three different medical conditions . the known side effects and how frequently they occur for each of these medical conditions may differ and are listed separately below . for these conditions , the most common general side effect of eliquis is bleeding which may be potentially life threatening and require immediate medical attention . the following side effects are known if you take eliquis to prevent blood clots from forming after hip or knee replacement operations . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anaemia which may cause tiredness or paleness - bleeding including : - bruising and swelling - nausea ( feeling sick ) 71 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can affect clotting ) - bleeding : - occurring after your operation including bruising and swelling , blood or liquid leaking from the surgical wound / incision ( wound secretion ) or injection site - in your stomach , bowel or bright / red blood in the stools - blood in the urine - from your nose - from the vagina - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - blood tests may show : - abnormal liver function - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . - itching rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - bleeding : - into a muscle - in your eyes - from your gums and blood in your spit when coughing - from your rectum - hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column , - in your lungs or your throat - in your mouth - into your abdomen or space behind your abdominal cavity - from a haemorrhoid - tests showing blood in the stools or in the urine - skin rash the following side effects are known if you take eliquis to prevent a blood clot from forming in the heart in patients with an irregular heart beat and at least one additional risk factor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding including : - in your eyes - in your stomach or bowel - from your rectum - blood in the urine - from your nose - from your gums - bruising and swelling - anaemia which may cause tiredness or paleness - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - nausea ( feeling sick ) 72 - blood tests may show : - an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( ggt ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your mouth or blood in your spit when coughing - into your abdomen , or from the vagina - bright / red blood in the stools - bleeding occurring after your operation including bruising and swelling , blood or liquid leaking from the surgical wound / incision ( wound secretion ) or injection site - from a haemorrhoid - tests showing blood in the stools or in the urine - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can affect clotting ) - blood tests may show : - abnormal liver function - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes - skin rash - itching - hair loss - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your lungs or your throat - into the space behind your abdominal cavity - into a muscle the following side effects are known if you take eliquis to treat or prevent re - occurrence of blood clots in the veins of your legs and blood clots in the blood vessels of your lungs . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding including : - from your nose - from your gums - blood in the urine - bruising and swelling - in your stomach , your bowel , from your rectum - in your mouth - from the vagina - anaemia which may cause tiredness or paleness - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can affect clotting ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - skin rash - blood tests may show : - an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( ggt ) or alanine aminotransferase ( alt ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat 73 - bleeding : - in your eyes - in your mouth or blood in your spit when coughing - bright / red blood in the stools - tests showing blood in the stools or in the urine - bleeding occurring after your operation including bruising and swelling , blood or liquid leaking from the surgical wound / incision ( wound secretion ) or injection site - from a haemorrhoid - into a muscle - itching - hair loss - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - blood tests may show : - abnormal liver function - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your lungs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) bleeding : - into your abdomen or the space behind your abdominal cavity reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects are common , but tell your doctor or nurse if you are worried about any side effect you get : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) discoloured urine discoloured faeces dizziness changes in your sense of taste pins and needles sensation , tingling or prickling 26 pain or discomfort in your hands or feet blue discolouration of the skin sweating common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting stomach or chest pain headache anxiety uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) cold - like symptoms , including blocked or runny nose migraine low blood pressure cough vomiting blood bruising - like discolouration of the skin , night sweats itchy skin rash spidery veins pain in the back or sides abnormally large amounts of urine , or pain or difficulty when passing urine general pain chills signs of serotonin syndrome , such as muscle spasms , clumsiness , tremors , confusion or other mental changes signs of an anaphylactic reaction , such as itchy rash , throat or tongue swelling , shortness of breath . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
as with all medicinal products derived from human blood , the use of nonafact can cause allergic reactions which may include swelling of the larynx , burning and stinging at the infusion site , chills , flushing , hives , itching and rash , headache , tiredness , nausea , restlessness , fast heart beat , chest tightness , tingling , vomiting , wheezing . you should discuss the possible side effects with your doctor in order to know how to recognise them and what to do if they occur . where necessary , mild allergic reactions , such as hives , can be treated with antihistamines ( medicinal products which counteract allergies ). in the case of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), immediately stop the administration of the product and contact your doctor immediately . there is a very slight risk that nonafact will cause clots to form in blood vessels , resulting in thrombosis . the use of nonafact may also produce an increase in body temperature in rare cases . your body may develop antibodies ( inhibitors ) against factor ix , which will inactivate nonafact . your doctor will check your blood regularly for the presence of these antibodies . contact your doctor immediately if you suspect that the product is becoming progressively less effective . this will show itself as an increased tendency to bleed . if you need therapy for repressing antibodies ( inhibitors ) this should be taken care of in a haemophilia treating centre . you will be closely monitored for any possible side effect during this treatment . if you should experience one of these side effects , you are advised to contact your doctor . if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in rare and isolated cases , the following side effects have been reported with immunoglobulin preparations . seek medical care with no delay if any of the following side effects happen during or after the infusion : a sudden fall in blood pressure and , in isolated cases , anaphylactic shock ( which signs are rash , hypotension , palpitation , wheezing , coughing , sneezing and difficulty breathing among others ), even if you have shown no hypersensitivity to previous administration . cases of temporary non - infective meningitis ( which signs are headache , fear or intolerance of light , stiff neck ). cases of temporary reduction in the number of the red cells in the blood ( reversible haemolytic anaemia / haemolysis ). cases of transient cutaneous reactions ( side effects on your skin ). increase in serum creatinine level ( a test which measures your kidney function ) and / or acute renal failure ( which signs are low back pain , fatigue , decrease in the amount of urine ). thromboembolic reactions such as myocardial infarction ( tight band around the chest with feeling like your heart is beating too fast ), stroke ( muscle weakness in the face , arm , or leg , trouble speaking or understanding others who are speaking ), pulmonary embolism ( shortness of breath , chest pain and fatigue ), deep vein thromboses ( pain and swelling in an extremity ). cases of transfusion related acute lung injury ( trali ) that causes hypoxia ( lack of oxygen ), dyspnoea ( difficulty in breathing ), tachypnoea ( rapid breathing ), cyanosis ( lack of oxygen in the blood ), fever and hypotension . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 infusions ): headache fever ( body temperature increased ) tachycardia ( acceleration of the heart activity ) hypotension - 55 - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 infusions ): bronchitis nasopharyngitis dizziness ( motion sickness ) hypertension blood pressure increased wheezing productive cough abdominal pain ( including abdominal pain upper ) diarrhoea vomiting nausea urticaria pruritus ( itching ) rash ( eruption of the skin ) back pain myalgia ( muscle pain ) arthralgia ( joint pain ) rigors ( cold shivering sensation ) or chills pain injection site reaction coombs test positive blood pressure decreased rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 infusions ): hypersensitivity abnormal behaviour migraine blood pressure fluctuation flushing ( to blush ) cough asthma dyspnoea ( difficulty in breathing ) epistaxis ( haemorrhage from the nose ) nasal discomfort laryngeal pain dermatitis contact hyperhidrosis ( excessive sweating ) rash muscle spasms neck pain pain in extremity urinary retention asthenia ( fatigue ) chest pain infusion site reactions ( erythema , extravasation , inflammation , pain ) injection site reactions ( including injection site oedema , pain , pruritus and swelling ) oedema peripheral alanine aminotransferase ( hepatic transaminase ) increased device dislocation - 56 - additional side effects in children and adolescents it was observed that the proportion of headache , fever , heart rate increased and low blood pressure in children was higher than in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , optison can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects to optison are rare and usually not serious . in general the administration of human albumin has been associated with transient ( non lasting ) altered taste , nausea , flushing , rash , headache , vomiting , chills and fever . rare severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been associated with the administration of human albumin products . reported side effects following the use of optison : common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): dysgeusia ( altered taste ) headache flushing ( redness ) warm sensation feeling sick ( nausea ) uncommon side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): eosinophilia ( increased number of a type of white blood cells in the blood ) dyspnoea ( difficulty in breathing ) chest pain rare side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ): tinnitus ( noises in the ear ) dizziness paraesthesia ( tingling sensations ) ventricular tachycardia ( a series of rapid heartbeats ) unknown frequency ( side effects where frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic type symptoms , for example , a severe allergic reaction or shock ( anaphylaxis ), swelling of the face ( face oedema ), an itchy skin eruption ( urticaria ). visual disturbances reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if any of the following happen , tell your doctor straight away : allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , light - headedness ). other possible side effects of dafiro : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): influenza ( flu ); blocked nose , sore throat and discomfort when swallowing ; headache ; swelling of arms , hands , legs , ankles or feet ; tiredness ; asthenia ( weakness ); redness and warm feeling of the face and / or neck . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness ; nausea and abdominal pain ; dry mouth ; drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ; vertigo ; fast heart beat including palpitations ; dizziness on standing up ; cough ; diarrhoea ; constipation ; skin rash , redness of the skin ; joint swelling , back pain ; pain in joints . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): feeling anxious ; ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ); fainting ; passing more urine than normal or feeling more of an urge to pass urine ; inability to get or maintain an erection ; sensation of heaviness ; low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , light - headedness ; excessive sweating ; skin rash all over your body ; itching ; muscle spasm . if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported with amlodipine or valsartan alone and either not observed with dafiro or observed with a higher frequency than with dafiro : amlodipine consult a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following very rare , severe side effects after taking this medicine : - sudden wheeziness , chest pain , shortness of breath or difficulty in breathing . - swelling of eyelids , face or lips . - swelling of the tongue and throat which causes great difficulty breathing . - severe skin reactions including intense skin rash , hives , reddening of the skin over your whole body , severe itching , blistering , peeling and swelling of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other allergic reactions . - heart attack , abnormal heart beat . - inflamed pancreas , which may cause severe abdominal and back pain accompanied with feeling of being very unwell . the following side effects have been reported . if any of these cause you problems or if they last for more than one week , you should contact your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness ; palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ); flushing , ankle swelling ( oedema ); abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): mood changes , anxiety , depression , sleeplessness , trembling , taste abnormalities , fainting , loss of pain sensation ; visual disturbances , visual impairment , ringing in the ears ; low blood pressure ; sneezing / runny nose caused by inflammation of the lining of the nose ( rhinitis ); indigestion , vomiting ( being sick ); hair loss , increased sweating , itchy skin , skin discolouration ; disorder in passing urine , increased need to urinate at night , increased number of times of passing urine ; inability to obtain an erection , discomfort or enlargement of the breasts in men , pain , feeling unwell , muscle pain , muscle cramps ; weight increase or decrease . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): confusion . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells , decrease in blood platelets which may result in unusual brusing or easy bleeding ( red blood cell damage ); excess sugar in blood ( hyperglycaemia ); swelling of the gums , abdominal bloating ( gastritis ); abnormal liver function , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), liver enzyme increase which may have an effect on some medical tests ; increased muscle tension ; inflammation of blood vessels often with skin rash , sensitivity to light ; disorders combining rigidity , tremor and / or movement disorders . valsartan not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease in red blood cells , fever , sore throat or mouth sores due to infections ; spontaneous bleeding or bruising ; high level of potassium in the blood ; abnormal liver test results ; decreased renal functions and severely decreased renal functions ; swelling mainly of the face and the throat ; muscle pain ; rash , purplish - red spots ; fever ; itching ; allergic reaction ; blistering skin ( sign of a condition called dermatitis bullous ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
'). if you forget to take intelence if you notice within 6 hours of the time you usually take intelence , you must take the tablet ( s ) as soon as possible . always take the tablet ( s ) following a meal . then take the next dose as usual . if you notice after 6 hours , then skip the intake and take the next doses as usual . do not take a double dose to make up for a forgotten dose . if you vomit less than 4 hours after taking intelence , take another dose following a meal . if you vomit more than 4 hours after taking intelence , then you do not need to take another dose until your regularly scheduled dose . contact your doctor if you are uncertain about what to do if you miss a dose or vomit . do not stop taking intelence without talking to your doctor first hiv therapy may increase your sense of well - being . even if you feel better , do not stop taking intelence or your other anti - hiv medicines . doing so could increase the risk of the virus developing resistance . talk to your doctor first . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist . 4 . possible side effects like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency rate of the side effects associated with intelence is given below . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash . the rash is usually mild to moderate . in rare instances , very serious rash has been reported which can be potentially life - threatening . it is therefore important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms and whether intelence must be stopped ; - headache ; - diarrhoea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ); - diabetes , decrease of appetite ; - anxiety , sleepiness , sleeplessness , sleep disorders ; - tingling or pain in hands or feet , numbness , loss of skin sensibility , loss of memory tiredness ; - blurred vision ; - kidney failure , high blood pressure , heart attack , shortness of breath when exercising ; - vomiting , heartburn , abdominal pain , distension of the abdomen , inflammation of the stomach , flatulence , constipation , mouth inflammation , dry mouth ; - night sweats , itching , dry skin ; - change in some values of your blood cells or chemistry . these can be seen in the results of blood and / or urine tests . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : low red blood cells . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decreased number of white blood cells ; - symptoms of infection ( for example enlarged lymph nodes and fever ); - abnormal dreams , confusion , disorientation , nervousness , nightmares ; - drowsiness , trembling , fainting , seizures , disturbance in attention ; - dizziness , sluggishness ; - angina , irregular heart rhythm ; - difficulty breathing ; - retching , inflammation of the pancreas , vomiting blood ; 51 - liver problems such as hepatitis , enlarged liver ; - excessive sweating , swelling of the face and / or throat ; - swelling of breasts in men . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - stroke ; - severe skin rash with blisters or peeling skin , particularly around the mouth or eyes ; this may occur in children and adolescents more frequently than in adults . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe hypersensitivity reactions characterised by rash accompanied by fever and organ inflammation such as hepatitis . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): 20 increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bradycardia ( decreased frequency of the heart ), diarrhoea , fever , increased transaminases ( liver enzymes ), vomiting not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) rash reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or , pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . to reduce the chance of side effects your doctor will prescribe the lowest dose of this combination of drugs to control your asthma or copd . allergic reactions : you may notice your breathing suddenly gets worse immediately after using airexar spiromax . you may be very wheezy and cough or be short of breath . you may also notice itching , a rash ( hives ) and swelling ( usually of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), or you may suddenly feel that your heart is beating very fast or you feel faint and light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ). if you get any of these effects or if they happen suddenly after using airexar spiromax , stop using airexar spiromax and tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions to airexar spiromax are uncommon ( they may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects are listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache - this usually gets better as treatment continues . increased number of colds have been reported in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) thrush ( sore , creamy - yellow , raised patches ) in the mouth and throat . also sore tongue and hoarse voice and throat irritation . rinsing your mouth out with water and spitting it out immediately and / or brushing your teeth after taking each dose of your medicine may help . your doctor may prescribe an anti - fungal medicine to treat the thrush . aching , swollen joints and muscle pain . muscle cramps . the following side effects have also been reported in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ): pneumonia and bronchitis ( lung infection ). tell your doctor if you notice any of the following symptoms while taking airexar spiromax as they could be symptoms of a lung infection : fever or chills ; increased mucus production , changes in mucus colour ; increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . bruising and fractures . inflammation of sinuses ( sinusitis , a feeling of tension or fullness in the nose , cheeks and behind the eyes , sometimes with a throbbing ache ). a reduction in the amount of potassium in the blood ( you may get an uneven heartbeat , muscle weakness , cramp ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increases in the amount of sugar ( glucose ) in your blood ( hyperglycaemia ). if you have diabetes , more frequent blood sugar monitoring and possibly adjustment of your usual diabetic treatment may be required . cataract ( cloudy lens in the eye ). very fast heart beat ( tachycardia ). feeling shaky ( tremor ) and fast or uneven heart beat ( palpitations ) - these are usually harmless and get less as treatment continues . chest pain . feeling worried ( although this effect occurs mainly in children when prescribed this combination of drugs but in a lower strength ). disturbed sleep . allergic skin rash . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) breathing difficulties or wheezing that gets worse straight after taking airexar spiromax . if this happens stop using your airexar spiromax inhaler . use your fast acting ' reliever ' inhaler to help your breathing and tell your doctor straight away . airexar spiromax may affect the normal production of steroid hormones in the body , particularly if you have taken high doses for long periods of time . the effects include : slowing of growth in children and adolescents thinning of the bones glaucoma weight gain rounded ( moon shaped ) face ( cushing ' s syndrome ) your doctor will check you regularly for any of these side effects and make sure you are taking the lowest dose of this combination of drugs to control your asthma . behavioural changes , such as being unusually active and irritable ( although these effects occur mainly in children when prescribed this combination of drugs but in a lower strength ). uneven or irregular heart beat or an extra heart beat ( arrhythmias ). tell your doctor , but do not stop taking airexar spiromax unless the doctor tells you to stop . a fungal infection in the oesophagus ( food canal ), which might cause difficulties in swallowing . frequency not known , but may also occur : depression or aggression ( although these effects are more likely to occur in children when prescribed this combination of drugs but in a lower strength ). blurred vision 39 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v *. by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects which occurred during clinical studies were considered to be related to the use of evicel : most serious side effects watery fluid coming out of your wound or nose ( csf leakage / csf rhinorrhea ) headache , nausea , and vomiting ( due to subdural hygroma , which is accumulation of csf in the subdural space ) fever , or prolonged constipation , flatulence ( due to abdominal abscess ) 27 the frequency of the effects listed above was common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - numbness or pain in your extremities , change in skin colour ( due to graft occlusion or thrombosis ) the frequency of this effect was uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience any of the above mentioned symptoms , or any other symptoms related to your surgery , please contact your doctor or surgeon immediately . if you feel unwell tell your doctor immediately , even if your symptoms are different from those just described . other side effects other side effects which were reported to be common during clinical trials with evicel ( i . e ., may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) included meningitis , fever , difficulties with blood clotting and accumulation of csf fluid in the brain cavities ( hydrocephalus ). the frequency of all of these effects was common . side effects which were uncommon during clinical trials with evicel ( i . e ., may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) included infection , blood accumulation ( haematoma ), swelling , decreased haemoglobin , and post - operative wound complications ( including bleeding or infection ). evicel is a fibrin sealant . fibrin sealants in general may , in rare cases ( up to 1 patient in 1 , 000 people ), cause an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : skin rash , hives or wheals ( nettle - rash ), tightness of the chest , chills , flushing , headache , low blood pressure , lethargy , nausea , restlessness , increased heart rate , tingling , vomiting , or wheezing . no allergic reactions have so far been reported in patients treated with evicel . there is also a theoretical possibility that you could develop antibodies to the proteins in evicel , which could potentially interfere with blood clotting . the frequency of the type of event is not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions to look out for severe skin reactions or allergies ( frequency not known ) if you develop a severe skin reaction or an allergy : ( e . g . severe itching or severe rash , swelling of the face , lips , or tongue ): stop using altargo carefully wipe off the ointment contact your doctor or pharmacist immediately . the following side effects have occurred on the skin where altargo has been applied : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - skin irritation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pain , itching , redness or rash ( contact dermatitis ) other side effects ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ): - a burning sensation reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you are worried , speak to your doctor . serious side effects uncommon : heart failure ( signs include shortness of breath , chest pain , swelling of the legs due to fluid build - up ), severe problem with the rate or rhythm of the heartbeat ( ventricular tachycardia , supraventricular tachycardia or atrial fibrillation ), inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe abdominal and back pain ( pancreatitis ), vomiting blood or passing bloody or black stools , severe reduction in blood cells which can cause weakness , bruising , bleeding or infections ( pancytopenia ), increased pressure in the lung arteries ( signs include shortness of breath , swelling in legs or ankles and lips and skin can turn bluish colour ). rare : kidney failure ( when you pass little or no urine ), heart attack . if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , tiredness , rapid heartbeat , irregular or strong heartbeat ( palpitations ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind , being sick ( vomiting ), reduction in red blood cell count ( anaemia ), fluid retention or rash . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people a feeling of weakness or feeling unwell , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , fainting , chills or fever , indigestion , loss of appetite , constipation , bruising , bleeding , swelling ( oedema ), weight loss , muscle aches , painful joints , back pain , decreased or loss of feeling or sensation such as numbness , especially in the skin , abnormal feeling or sensation such as tingling and ' pins and needles ', 27 sleeplessness , depression , confusion , nervousness , dry mouth , loss of memory , breathlessness , nosebleed , serious lung infection with fever , shortness of breath , cough , phlegm ; hair loss , skin itching or discolouration , impotence , chest pain , reduction in blood platelets , which increases the risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), accumulation of fluid around the lungs or an increase in liver enzymes . your doctor may do a blood test which may show an increase in your liver enzymes . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people bleeding gums , weight gain , severe chest pain ( angina pectoris ), heart muscle disease , ( signs include fatigue , chest pain and palpitations ), enlarged heart , accumulation of fluid around the heart , painful spasm of the blood vessels on the heart ( while resting , usually at night or early morning ) ( prinzmetal angina ), loss of coordination , difficulty in speaking , dry skin , migraine , visual disturbances or double vision , ringing in the ears , dizziness on standing up ( especially when getting up from a sitting or lying position ), increased need to pass water at night , pain , ' flu - like ' symptoms , sleepiness , widening of blood vessels , inflammation of the large bowel ( signs include : diarrhoea , usually with blood and mucus , stomach pain , fever ), inflammation of the stomach ( signs include : pain , nausea , vomiting ), area of abnormal density in the lung , increased creatinine level in blood tests , which may be a sign of kidney problems . the following side effects have been reported but it is not known exactly how often they occur : potentially life - threatening , irregular heartbeat ( torsade de pointes ); inflammation of the liver , symptoms include nausea , vomiting , itching , yellowing of the skin and eyes , discoloration of stool and urine ( hepatitis ); lung inflammation ( signs include fever , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing ; which causes scaring of the lungs ) ( allergic alveolitis , including interstitial lung disease , pneumonitis ); inflammation of the kidneys ( tubulointerstitial nephritis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
no side effects are known . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . nausea and headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection . general aches and pains in the joints and muscles . some changes may occur in your blood , but these will be detected by routine blood tests . your white blood cell count may become high for a short period of time . your platelet count may become low which might result in bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including redness and flushing , skin rash , and raised areas of the skin that itch . serious allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ). increased spleen size . spleen rupture . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor . sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever ) has occurred but other factors may play a role . cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). damage to the tiny filters inside your kidneys ( glomerulonephritis ). redness at the site of injection . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start darunavir krka . if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , your doctor should check your blood tests more often because you have an increased chance of developing liver problems . talk to your doctor about the signs and symptoms of liver problems . these may include yellowing of your skin or whites of your eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) urine , pale coloured stools ( bowel movements ), nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , or pain , aching , or pain and discomfort on your right side below your ribs . skin rash ( more often when used in combination with raltegravir ), itching . the rash is usually mild to moderate . a skin rash might also be a symptom of a rare severe situation . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether darunavir krka must be stopped . other severe side effectswere diabetes ( common ) and inflammation of the pancreas ( uncommon ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain or distension , dyspepsia , flatulence headache , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , numbness , tingling or pain in hands or feet , loss of strength , difficulty falling asleep . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , changes in electrocardiogram , rapid heart beating decreased or abnormal skin sensibility , pins and needles , attention disturbance , loss of memory , problems with your balance difficulty breathing , cough , nosebleed , throat irritation inflammation of the stomach or mouth , heartburn , retching , dry mouth , discomfort of the abdomen , constipation , belching kidney failure , kidney stones , difficult discharge of urine , frequent or excessive passage of urine , sometimes at night urticaria , severe swelling of the skin and other tissues ( most often the lips or the eyes ), eczema , excessive sweating , night sweats , hair loss , acne , scaly skin , colouration of nails muscle pain , muscle cramps or weakness , pain in extremity , osteoporosis slowing down of the thyroid gland function . this can be seen in a blood test . high blood pressure , flushing red or dry eyes fever , swelling of lower limbs due to fluids , malaise , irritability , pain symptoms of infection , herpes simplex erectile dysfunction , enlargement of breasts sleeping problems , sleepiness , depression , anxiety , abnormal dreams , decrease in sexual drive rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a reaction called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , fatigue , swelling of the face or lymph glands , increase of eosinophils ( type of white blood cells ), effects on liver , 95 kidney or lung ] heart attack , slow heart beating , palpitations visual disturbance chills , feeling abnormal a feeling of confusion or disorientation , altered mood , restlessness fainting , epileptic fits , changes or loss of taste mouth sores , vomiting blood , inflamation of the lips , dry lips , coated tongue running nose skin lesions , dry skin stiffness of muscles or joints , joint pain with or without inflammation changes in some values of your blood cells or chemistry . these can be seen in the results of blood and / or urine tests . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in some white blood cells . some side effects are typical for anti - hiv medicines in the same family as darunavir krka . these are : muscle pain , tenderness or weakness . on rare occasions , these muscle disorders have been serious . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . seek urgent medical attention if you suspect you have an anaphylactic reaction , or develop any of the following symptoms , whilst receiving xerava : rash swelling of the face feeling lightheaded or faint tightness of the chest breathing difficulties fast heartbeat losing consciousness tell your doctor or nurse straightaway if you develop diarrhoea during or after your treatment . do not take any medicine to treat your diarrhoea without first checking with your doctor . other side effects may include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea vomiting inflammation and pain caused by blood clots at the injection site ( thrombophlebitis ) inflammation of a vein causing pain and swelling ( phlebitis ) redness or swelling at the site of the injection uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea allergic reaction inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen or back ( pancreatitis ) rash 29 dizziness headache increased sweating abnormal blood test results for liver tell your doctor or nurse if you have any of these side effects . other tetracycline antibiotics other side effects have been reported with other tetracycline antibiotics including minocycline and doxycycline . these include sensitivity to light , headaches , vision problems , or abnormal blood tests . tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of these during your treatment with xerava . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . dupixent can cause serious side effects , including very rare allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including anaphylactic reaction ; the signs of allergic reaction or anaphylactic reaction may include : breathing problems swelling of the face , lips , mouth , throat or tongue ( angioedema ) fainting , dizziness , feeling lightheaded ( low blood pressure ) fever general ill feeling swollen lymph nodes hives itching joint pain skin rash if you develop an allergic reaction , stop using dupixent and talk to your doctor right away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) atopic dermatitis and asthma : injection site reactions ( i . e . redness , swelling , and itching ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) atopic dermatitis only : headache eye dryness , redness and itching eyelid itching , redness and swelling eye infection cold sores ( on lips and skin ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the eye surface , sometimes with blurred vision ( keratitis , ulcerative keratitis ) not known the following side effects have been reported since the marketing of dupixent , but how often they occur is not known : joint pain ( arthralgia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : severe allergic reaction ( seen uncommonly ): get emergency medical help if you have any of these signs of an allergic reaction : hives ; difficulty breathing ; swelling of face , lips , tongue , or throat . if any of the following side effects occur , please contact your doctor immediately . since some of these side effects are serious , ask your doctor to explain their warning signs . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin rash : tell the doctor right away if you get a skin rash . procysbi may need to be temporarily stopped until the rash goes away . if the rash is severe , your doctor may discontinue cysteamine treatment . abnormal liver function on blood tests . your doctor will monitor you for this . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin lesions , bone lesions , and joint problems : treatment with high doses of cysteamine can cause skin lesions to develop . these include skin striae ( which are like stretch marks ), bone injuries ( such as fractures ), bone deformities , and joint problems . examine your skin while taking this medicine . report any changes to your doctor . your doctor will monitor you for these problems . low white blood cell count . your doctor will monitor you for this . central nervous system symptoms : some patients taking cysteamine have developed seizures , depression , and become too sleepy ( excessive sleepiness ). tell your doctor if you have these symptoms . stomach and intestinal ( gastrointestinal ) problems : patients taking cysteamine have developed ulcers and bleeding . tell your doctor right away if you get stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , or throw up blood . benign intracranial hypertension , also called pseudotumor cerebri , has been reported with cysteamine use . this is a condition where there is high pressure in the fluid around the brain . tell your doctor right away if you develop any of the following symptoms while taking procysbi : headache , buzzing or " whooshing " sound in the ear , dizziness , nausea , double vision , blurry vision , loss of vision , pain behind the eye or pain with eye movement . your doctor will monitor you with eye examinations to find and treat this problem early . this will help lessen the chance of loss of eyesight . the other side effects listed below are given with an estimation of the frequency with which they may occur with procysbi . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever sensation of sleep common side effects : unpleasant breath and body odour heartburn tiredness uncommon side effects : leg pain scoliosis ( deviation of the vertebral column ) 31 bone fragility hair discolouration fits nervousness hallucination effect on the kidney manifested by swelling of the extremities and weight gain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking irbesartan . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking irbesartan teva and contact your doctor immediately . list of side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you suffer from high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , blood tests may show an increased level of potassium . common ( may affect up to 1in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick / vomiting , fatigue and blood tests may show raised levels of an enzyme that measures the muscle and heart function ( creatine 40 kinase enzyme ). in patients with high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes with kidney disease , dizziness when getting up from lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in joints or muscles and decreased levels of a protein in the red blood cells ( haemoglobin ) were also reported . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heart rate increased , flushing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion / heartburn , sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ), chest pain . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): feeling of spinning , headache , taste disturbance , ringing in the ears , muscle cramps , pain in joints and muscles , reduced number of platelets , abnormal liver function , increased blood potassium levels , impaired kidney function , inflammation of small blood vessels mainly affecting the skin ( a condition known as leukocytoclastic vasculitis ) and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon cases of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of the side effects could be serious and may occur during or after treatment with mylotarg . immediately contact your doctor if you experience any of the following serious side effects ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you are given mylotarg "): liver problems tell your doctor right away if you have rapid weight gain , feel pain in the upper right side of your abdomen , have accumulation of fluid causing abdominal swelling . your doctor may do blood tests and find abnormalities in liver blood tests , which might be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called venoocclusive liver disease . bleeding ( signs of a low number of blood cells known as platelets ) tell your doctor right away if you bruise easily or get nose bleeds on a regular basis , or have black tarry stools , coughing up of blood , bloody sputum , or change in your mental status . infections ( signs of a low number of white blood cells known as neutrophils ) some infections may be serious and can be due to viruses , bacteria , or other causes that may be life - threatening . complication known as tumour lysis syndrome tell your doctor right away if you experience dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , vomiting , nausea , swelling , shortness of breath , or heart rhythm disturbances . infusion reactions medicines of this type ( monoclonal antibodies ) can cause infusion reactions such as a rash , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , a tight chest , chills or fever , back pain . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( including serious infections ) reduced number of blood platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) reduced number of white blood cells which may result in general weakness and a tendency to develop infections reduced number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) which may result in fatigue and shortness of breath high blood sugar decreased appetite headache rapid heartbeat bleeding low blood pressure high blood pressure shortness of breath vomiting diarrhoea pain in the abdomen feeling sick ( nausea ) mouth inflammation constipation abnormalities in liver blood tests ( which can be indicators of liver injury ) skin rash fever 39 oedema ( excess fluid in body tissue , causing swelling of the hands and feet ) fatigue chills changes in the levels of different enzymes in the blood ( may show in your blood tests ) prolonged clotting time high level of uric acid in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): signs of an infusion reaction , such as a rash , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , a tight chest , chills or fever , back pain during or after mylotarg infusion signs of an enlarged liver ( hepatomegaly ), such as an enlarged belly abnormal liver function excessive accumulation of fluid in the abdomen / stomach indigestion inflammation of the oesophagus ( swallowing tube ) liver venoocclusive disease ( vod ), which includes signs of enlarged liver , pain in the upper right belly , yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes , accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , weight gain , abnormal liver blood tests yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes caused by liver or blood problems ( jaundice ) redness of the skin itchy skin organ failure uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): liver failure budd - chiari syndrome , which includes pain in the upper right part of the belly , an abnormally large liver , and / or accumulation of fluid in the belly associated with blood clots in the liver . symptoms may also include feeling sick ( nausea ) and / or vomiting . frequency unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial pneumonia ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing ) inflammation of the bowel in association with low white blood cell counts inflammation of the urinary bladder resulting in bleeding from the bladder reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - an infection of the genitals caused by a fungus ( thrush ) - hot flushes - muscle cramps - vaginal or genital discharge - rash 26 - headache - vaginal bleeding uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - thickening of the womb lining ( endometrium ) as seen on ultrasound scan ( endometrial hypertrophy ). - an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include rash , itchy skin , raised patches on your skin ( urticaria ), swelling of the tongue and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during an ogivri infusion , chills , fever and other flu like symptoms may occur . these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other infusion - related symptoms are : feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain , increased muscle tension and shaking , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , wheezing , high or low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances ( palpitations , heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ), swelling of the face and lips , rash and feeling tired . some of these symptoms can be serious and some patients have died ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your vein ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you treatment to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the symptoms improve . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . sometimes , symptoms may improve and then get worse later . serious side effects other side effects can occur at any time during treatment with ogivri , not just related to an infusion . tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during treatment and occasionally after treatment has stopped and can be serious . they include weakening of the heart muscle possibly leading to heart failure , inflammation of the lining around the heart and heart rhythm disturbances . this can lead to symptoms such as breathlessness ( including breathlessness at night ), cough , fluid retention ( swelling ) in the legs or arms , palpitations ( heart fluttering or irregular heart beat ) ( see 2 . heart checks ). your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the above symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by high blood levels of potassium and phosphate , and low blood levels of calcium ). symptoms may include kidney problems ( weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and 51 confusion ), heart problems ( fluttering of the heart or a faster or slower heartbeat ), seizures , vomiting or diarrhoea and tingling in the mouth , hands or feet . if you experience any of the above symptoms when your treatment with ogivri has finished , you should see your doctor and tell them that you have previously been treated with ogivri . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people infections diarrhoea constipation heartburn ( dyspepsia ) fatigue skin rashes chest pain abdominal ( stomach ) pain joint pain low counts of red blood cells and white blood cells ( which help fight infection ) sometimes with fever muscle pain conjunctivitis ( discharge with itching of the eyes and crusty eyelids ) watery eyes nose bleeds runny nose hair loss tremor hot flush dizziness nail disorders weight loss loss of appetite inability to sleep ( insomnia ) altered taste low platelet count bruising numbness or tingling of the fingers and toes redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet breathlessness headache cough vomiting nausea ( feeling sick ) common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people allergic reactions dry mouth and skin throat infections dry eyes bladder and skin infections sweating shingles feeling weak and unwell 52 inflammation of the breast anxiety inflammation of the liver depression kidney disorders abnormal thinking increased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) asthma infection of lungs pain in the arms and / or legs lung disorders itchy rash back pain sleepiness ( somnolence ) neck pain haemorrhoids ( swelling of blood vessels around the back passage ) bone pain itchiness acne leg cramps uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people deafness bumpy rash blood infection rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1000 people muscle weakness jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ) inflammation or scarring of the lungs side effects of not known frequency : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data abnormal or impaired blood clotting anaphylactic reactions ( serious sudden allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty breathing or feeling dizzy or faint ) high potassium levels swelling of the brain swelling or bleeding at the back of the eyes shock ( a dangerous decrease of blood pressure causing symptoms like rapid , shallow breathing , cold , clammy skin , a rapid , weak pulse , dizziness , weakness and fainting ) swelling of the lining of the heart slow heart rate abnormal heart rhythm respiratory distress respiratory failure acute accumulation of fluid in the lungs acute narrowing of the airways abnormally low oxygen levels in the blood difficulty in breathing when lying flat liver damage / failure swelling of the face , lips and throat kidney failure 53 abnormally low levels of fluid around baby in womb failure of lungs to develop in the womb abnormal kidney development in the womb some of the side effects you experience may be due to your underlying breast cancer . if you receive ogivri in combination with chemotherapy , some of them may also be due to the chemotherapy . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may rarely occur ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). stop using the medicine and contact your doctor immediately if you develop swelling of your face , throat , lips or tongue ( with or without difficulty breathing or swallowing ), dizziness or fainting , faster heart rate or if you get raised severely itchy bumps on your skin ( hives ) as these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . the following side effects may occur whilst using bretaris genuair : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - headache - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) - cough - diarrhoea - nausea uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - dizziness - dry mouth - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - hoarseness ( dysphonia ) - faster heart beat ( tachycardia ) - sensation of heart beating ( palpitations ) - difficulty passing urine ( urinary retention ) - blurred vision - rash - itching of the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 28 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause you to have dangerously low blood pressure . if this is not treated it may lead to shock . your doctors know that this might happen and will have emergency treatment ready to use . other side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people feeling tired headache pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given fever aching muscles , joint pain common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people warmth , itching or bruising where the injection was given increased sweating , shivering , flu - like symptoms swollen glands in your neck , armpit or groin uncommon : may affect upt o 1 in 100 people tingling or numbness of the hands or feet feeling dizzy sleepiness sleeplessness diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , feeling sick itching , rash generally feeling unwell 34 additional side effects in children in a clinical study , children 3 to 9 years of age have received either two adult ( 0 . 5 ml ) or two half adult ( 0 . 25 ml ) doses of a similar vaccine containing a / vietnam / 1194 / 2004 . the frequency of side effects was lower in the group of children who received half of the adult dose . there was no increase after the second dose whether the children received half of the adult or the adult dose , except for some side effects which were higher after the second dose , particularly for rates of fever in < 6 years old children . in other clinical studies where children 6 months to 17 years received prepandrix , increases in the frequency of some side effects ( including injection site pain , redness and fever ) were seen after the second dose in children aged less than 6 years . the side effects listed below have happened with h1n1 as03 - containing vaccines . they may also happen with prepandrix . if any of the side effects below occur , please tell your doctor or nurse immediately : allergic reactions leading to a dangerously low blood pressure . if this is not treated , it may lead to shock . your doctors will know that this might happen and will have emergency treatment ready to use fits generalised skin reactions including urticaria ( hives ) the side effects listed below have happened in the days or weeks after vaccination with other vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . these side effects may also happen with prepandrix . if any of the side effects below occur , please tell your doctor or nurse immediately : very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as inflammation of the central nervous system ( encephalomyelitis ), inflammation of nerves ( neuritis ) or a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). this can cause skin rashes , joint pain and kidney problems rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people serious stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood platelet count . this can cause bleeding or bruising reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with chest or abdominal pain , persistent low blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects 33 not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are allergic reactions or severe allergic reaction . stop injecting jivi immediately and speak to your doctor at once if such reactions occur . the following symptoms could be an early warning of these reactions : chest tightness / general feeling of being unwell burning and stinging at the application site nettle ¬ rash , flushing a reduction in blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing feeling sick ( nausea ) 75 for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form uncommonly ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain nausea , vomiting fever allergic reactions ( may present as hives , generalized urticaria , tightness of the chest , wheezing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , for early symptoms see above ) local reactions at the injection site such as bleeding under the skin , intense itching , swelling , burning sensation , temporary redness dizziness trouble falling asleep cough rash , skin reddening uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): taste disturbance flushing itching reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any change or increase in growth of birthmarks and / or moles ( melanocytic naevus ). in case of a tumour or re - growth of previous tumours ( confirmed by your doctor ), treatment with nutropinaq must be stopped immediately . this side effect is uncommon , it may affect up to 1 in 100 patients . tell your doctor immediately if you experience visual changes , bad or frequent headaches , associated with feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting . these could be symptoms of a temporary increase in pressure within the brain ( intracranial hypertension ). if you have intracranial hypertension , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce or discontinue nutropinaq therapy . then therapy may be started again after the episode is over . this side effect is rare , it may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 patients . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 patients ) swelling of the hands and feet due to an accumulation of fluid ( peripheral oedema ) sometimes associated with localised muscle pain ( myalgia ) and pain in joints ( arthralgia ). these side effects appear usually in adults early in treatment and are short - lived . oedema was reported as common in children . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) underactivity of the thyroid gland leading to low levels of thyroid hormone ( hypothyroidism ). if your hypothyroidism is not treated , it could stop nutropinaq from working . your doctor should check your 38 thyroid function periodically and if necessary prescribe adequate treatment . reduced ability to absorb sugar ( glucose ) from your blood leading to high blood sugar levels ( hyperglycemia ). your doctor should monitor you for signs of this during treatment with nutropinaq . if you are treated with insulin , your doctor may need to adjust your insulin dose . feeling of weakness ( asthenia ) and increased muscle tension ( hypertonia ) pain , bleeding , bruising , rash and itching at the site of injection . these can be avoided by using the correct injection technique and changing the sites of injection . some patients may develop antibodies ( a type of protein produced by the body ) to somatropin . when these antibodies were found in patients , it did not prevent them from growing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decrease in the number of red blood cells in the blood ( anaemia ), decrease in blood sugar level ( hypoglycaemia ) and increase in phosphate levels ( hyperphosphatemia ). personality changes or abnormal behaviour . persistent stinging , burning sensation , pain and / or numbness in the palm of the hand due to a trapped nerve at the wrist ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). rapid involuntary movements of the eyes ( nystagmus ), swelling of the optic nerve in the eye ( papilloedema ), double vision ( diplopia ), headache , somnolence and vertigo . increased heart rate ( tachycardia ) and high blood pressure ( hypertension ). vomiting , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ) and feeling of sickness ( nausea ). sensitive and dry skin ( exfoliative dermatitis ), changes in thickness of the skin , excessive growth of hair on the face and body ( hirsutism ), hives ( urticaria ). curvature of the spine ( scoliosis ). if you have scoliosis , you will need to be frequently checked for an increase in the curve . bone disorder where the upper leg ( femur ) moves apart from the hip ( slipped capital femoral epiphysis ). this happens generally in patients who grow rapidly . patients with endocrinological disorders are more prone to develop a slipped capital femoral epiphysis . decrease in muscle size ( muscle atrophy ), joint pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain . difficulty to hold - in urine ( urinary incontinence ), high frequency ( pollakiuria ) and volume ( polyuria ) of urination . bleeding from the womb ( uterine haemorrhage ) and genital discharge . localised loss / gain of fat from the skin ( lipodystrophy , injection site atrophy / hypertrophy ) enlarged adenoids with similar symptoms as enlarged tonsils ( see rare ). rare ( may effect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) increase in blood sugar levels ( hyperglycaemia , diabetes mellitus ). diabetes mellitus can lead to increased urination , thirst and hunger . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should inform your doctor . enlarged tonsils leading to snoring , difficulty breathing or swallowing , brief interruption of breathing 39 during sleep ( sleep apnea ), or fluid in the ear , as well as infections of the ear . if this appears to be particularly troublesome , you should discuss it with your doctor . abnormal sensations of tingling , pricking or numbness ( paraesthesia ), abnormal bone development , disease affecting progress of bone growth ( osteochondrosis ) and muscle weakness . other rare side effects seen with nutropinaq treatment include itching over the whole body , rash , blurred vision , increased weight , dizziness , diarrhoea , swelling of the face , fatigue , pain , fever , breast enlargement ( gynaecomastia ), depression and difficulty to sleep ( insomnia ). indication specific side effects seen during clinical trials in children with growth hormone deficiency brain ( central nervous system ) tumours were commonly reported . from the 236 patients enrolled into the clinical studies 3 patients had a central nervous system tumour . of the 3 patients with a central nervous system tumour , 2 patients experienced a recurrent medulloblastoma and 1 patient experienced a histiocytoma . see also section " warning and precautions ". girls with turner syndrome commonly reported abnormally heavy bleeding at menstruation . children with chronic renal insufficiency commonly reported inflammation of the lining of the abdomen ( peritonitis ), bone necrosis and an increase of creatinine blood levels . they are more likely to develop increased pressure in the brain ( intracranial hypertension ), with the greatest risk at the beginning of treatment , although children with organic growth hormone deficiency and turner syndrome also have an increased incidence . adults with growth hormone deficiency commonly reported abnormal sensations of tingling , pricking or numbness ( paraesthesia ), abnormally high levels of blood glucose , excess of lipids ( fat ) in the blood , sleeplessness , joint disorders , arthrosis ( degenerative joint disease ), muscle weakness , back pain , breast pain and breast enlargement ( gynaecomastia ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects of chondrocelect implantation are side effects related to open - knee surgery . in general , these side effects are quite mild and disappear in the weeks following surgery . you can recognize most of the joint - related side effects if you have symptoms like pain , snapping , grinding , locking , swelling , bending limitations and stiffness in the knee . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . very common side effects ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) include : joint pain ( arthralgia ), overgrowth of cartilage cells ( cartilage hypertrophy ), crackling or clicking sensation when articulating the knee ( joint crepitation ), and joint swelling . common side effects ( affects in 1 to 10 users in 100 ) include : restriction of knee motion ( arthrofibrosis , decreased joint range of motion , decreased mobility ), excessive amount of joint fluid in the joint ( joint effusion ), joint lock , joint inflammation ( arthritis , bursitis , synovitis ), cavity filled with fluid in the knee ( bone cyst , synovial cyst ), bone swelling , cartilage disorder ( chondropathy ), benign bony growth ( exostosis ), blood in a joint ( haemarthrosis ), joint instability , joint stiffness , loose body in joint , weakening of muscle ( muscle atrophy , trendelenburg ' s sign ), degenerative joint disorder ( osteoarthritis ), tendon disorder , inflammation of the tendon ( tendonitis ), impaired healing , treatment failure , gait disturbance , implant site hypersensitivity , peripheral edema , fever ( pyrexia ), postoperative wound complication ( wound site reaction ) , wound infection ( including erysipelas ), redness , scar overgrowth , itching , scar pain , wound loosening , wound secretion loosening of the graft or membrane ( graft complication , graft delamination ), injury ( cartilage injury , joint injury ), blood clot in the deep vein of the leg ( deep vein thrombosis ), large bruise ( haematoma ), superficial vein inflammation ( phlebitis ), nausea , pain or nerve disorder ( pain in extremity , peripheral neuropathy , complex regional pain syndrome , autonomic neuropathy ), syncope , apnea , arthroscopy . uncommon side effects ( affects in 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 include : anxiety , dermal and visual hypersensitivity ), migraine , mini stroke ( transient ischaemic attack ), fat entering the circulatory system ( fat embolism ), vein blockage and inflammation ( thrombophlebitis ), blockage in a lung artery ( lung embolism ), itching scar , pain at the front of the knee ( chondromalacia ), breakdown of knee tissue ( gonartrhosis , atrophy ), discomfort , chronic inflammation ( granulomatous lesion ). reporting of side effect if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or physical therapist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). swelling in the mouth or skin disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel teva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed or blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel teva if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with chest or abdominal pain , persistent low blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions to relvar ellipta are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you have any of the following symptoms after taking relvar ellipta stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . skin rash ( hives ) or redness swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using relvar ellipta are rare . if your breathing or wheezing gets worse straight after using this medicine , stop using it and get medical help immediately . pneumonia ( infection of the lung ) ( common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor if you have any of the following while taking relvar ellipta they could be symptoms of a lung infection : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties other side effects include : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache common cold common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat caused by a fungal infection ( candidiasis ). rinsing your mouth out with water immediately after using relvar ellipta may help stop this side effect developing . inflammation of the lungs ( bronchitis ) infection of the nose sinuses or throat flu ( influenza ) pain and irritation in the back of the mouth and throat inflammation of the sinuses itchy , runny or blocked nose cough voice disorders weakening of the bones , leading to fractures stomach pain back pain high temperature ( fever ) joint pain muscle spasms 68 uncommon side effects this may affect up to 1 in 100 people : irregular heartbeat blurred vision increase in blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : heart beating faster ( tachycardia ) awareness of heart beat ( palpitations ) tremor anxiety reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , paxene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side - effects may occur while you are receiving paxene or following treatment . during treatment , you should tell the medical staff if you feel unwell . if you feel unwell between courses or after your treatment has finished , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as you can . the frequency of possible side - effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 person in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 persons in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 persons in 1 , 000 ) 35 rare ( affects 1 to 10 persons in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 person in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common side - effects are listed below : infections this may be associated with feeling hot ( fever ) or cold ( chills ), sore throat and fungal infection in the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) mild allergic reactions including flushing and skin rash low blood pressure , which may make you feel light - headed upon standing eating disorders including anorexia nerve disorders including tingling sensation or pins and needles of the hands and feet feeling or being sick mild diarrhoea , constipation and stomach pain hair loss joint or muscle weakness , pain or loss of sensation in your legs pain and swelling might occur around the injection site common side - effects are listed below : flu - like symptoms temporary low white blood cell count , which may make you develop an infection low blood platelet counts that can cause unusual bleeding ( e . g . nose bleeds ) and unexplained bruising painful sensation in the body feeling dizzy feeling agitated lack of sleep bad taste in your mouth loss of balance or staggering headache ringing in your ears abnormal heart rhythm feeling faint reddening or flushing of your skin shortness of breath nose bleeds dry mouth and mouth ulcers indigestion discolouration of stool changes in your skin and nails mild flaking of skin associated with dryness , rash and acne pain in the bones and back , as well as leg cramps experiencing pain while passing urine injection site reactions leading to pain , swelling and hardness of the skin around the injection site . paxene might also leak from the vein and cause an infection or ulceration of the surrounding skin . the levels of some enzymes in your blood might rise uncommon side - effects are listed below : severe infections such as pneumonia severe anaemia feeling tired pale skin 36 dehydration , weight loss or weight gain severe chest pains , irregular heart beat , feeling faint and heart attack high blood pressure , blood clots and inflammation in the veins yellowing of the skin and nails rare side - effect are listed below : infections such as pneumonia localised swelling of the skin severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) you may experience localised itching and swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , face . lips , mouth , tongue or throat effects on the nerves controlling your muscles resulting in weakness in the arms and legs itching , red skin rash problems with your lungs including swelling and fluid accumulation , which may cause breathing problems very rare side - effects are listed below : acute leukaemia ( blood cancer ) life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) appearing and acting confused brain disease persistent diarrhoea fits ( convulsions , seizures ) vision disturbances loss of hearing balance problems increase in heart beat shock constipation abdominal pain caused by a build up of fluid in the abdomen ( ascites ), inflammation of the bowel , bowel obstruction , blood clots in the blood vessels to your bowel and perforation of your bowel wall disease of the pancreas disease in the oesophagus ( the tube that carries food into your stomach ) loss of appetite severe skin irritation , lesions and rash loosening of finger and toe nails you should wear protection on your feet and hands when exposed to the sun liver damage yellowing of the skin and abnormal levels of some liver enzymes f you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please inform your doctor or pharmacist . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , erivedge can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . erivedge may cause severe birth defects . it may also lead to the death of a baby before it is born or shortly after being born . you must not become pregnant while taking this medicine ( see section 2 , " do not take erivedge " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). other side effects are presented in order of severity and frequency : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): loss of monthly periods in women of childbearing age , loss of appetite and weight loss , feeling tired , muscle spasm , diarrhoea , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash , a change in the way things taste or the complete loss of taste , constipation , vomiting or feeling like you want to vomit ( nausea ), upset stomach or indigestion , joint pain , pain ( in general ) or pain in your arms , legs , itchiness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain in your chest , back or side , lack of energy or weakness ( asthenia ), loss of water from the body ( dehydration ), muscle , tendon , ligament , bone pain , stomach pain , loss of taste , abnormal hair growth , eyelashes falling out ( madarosis ) changes in blood tests , which include increased values in liver tests or increased values in creatine phosphokinase ( a protein mainly from muscle ). frequency not known bones stop growing ( epiphyses premature fusion ) premature puberty ( precocious puberty ) liver injury serious skin reactions : reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes . the skin reactions are often preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). widespread rash , fever , and enlarged lymph nodes ( dress - syndrome or drug hypersensitivity syndrome ). red , scaly widespread rash with bumps under the skin and blisters accompanied by fever at the initiation of treatment ( acute generalised exanthematous pustulosis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of tolura : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug rash , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face or low blood pressure ), low blood sugar levels ( in diabetic patients ), feeling anxious , somnolence , impaired vision , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), dry mouth , upset stomach , taste disturbance ( dysgeusia ), abnormal liver function ( japanese patients are more likely to experience these side effect ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa which can also lead to death ( angioedema also with fatal outcome ), eczema ( a skin disorder ), redness of skin , hives ( urticaria ), severe drug rash , joint pain ( arthralgia ), pain in extremity , tendon pain , flu - like - illness , decreased haemoglobin ( a blood protein ), increased levels of uric acid , increased hepatic enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**. * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of telmisartan . however , it is not known whether telmisartan was the cause . reporting of side effects 62 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everyone gets them . the very common side effects may affect more than 1 in 10 people : loss of hair ( the majority of cases of hair loss happened less than one month after starting paclitaxel . when it happens , hair loss is pronounced ( over 50 %) in the majority of patients ) rash abnormal decrease in the number of types of white blood cells ( neutrophils , lymphocytes or leukocytes ) in the blood deficiency of red blood cells reduction in the number of platelets in the blood effect on peripheral nerves ( pain , numbness , tingling or loss of feeling ) pain in a joint or joints pain in the muscles nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , sore mouth , loss of appetite vomiting weakness and tiredness , fever dehydration , taste disturbance , weight loss low levels of potassium in the blood depression , sleep problems headache chills difficulty in breathing dizziness swelling of mucosal and soft tissues increased liver function tests pain in extremities cough abdominal pain nose bleeds the common side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people : itching , dry skin , nail disorder infection , fever with decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell ( neutrophils ) in the blood , flushing , thrush , severe infection in your blood which may be caused by reduced white blood cells reduction in all blood cell counts chest or throat pain indigestion , abdominal discomfort stuffy nose pain in back , bone pain diminished muscular coordination or difficulty in reading , increased or decreased tears , loss of eyelashes changes in heart rate or rhythm , heart failure decreased or increased blood pressure redness or swelling at the site where the needle entered the body anxiety infection in the lungs infection in the urinary tract obstruction in the gut , inflammation of the large bowel , inflammation of the bile duct acute kidney failure increased bilirubin in the blood coughing up blood dry mouth , difficulty in swallowing muscle weakness 45 blurred vision the uncommon side effects may affect up to 1 in 100 people : increased weight , increased lactate dehydrogenase in the blood , decreased kidney function , increased blood sugar , increased phosphorus in the blood decreased or lack of reflexes , involuntary movements , pain along a nerve , fainting , dizziness when standing up , shaking , facial nerve paralysis irritated eyes , painful eyes , red eyes , itchy eyes , double vision , reduced vision , or seeing flashing lights , blurred vision due to swelling of the retina ( cystoid macular oedema ) ear pain , ringing in your ears coughing with phlegm , shortness of breath when walking or climbing stairs , runny nose , or dry nose , decreased breath sounds , water on the lung , loss of voice , blood clot in the lung , dry throat gas , stomach cramps , painful or sore gums , rectal bleeding painful urination , frequent urination , blood in the urine , inability to hold your urine fingernail pain , fingernail discomfort , loss of fingernails , hives , skin pain , red skin from sunlight , skin discolouration , increased sweating , night sweats , white areas on the skin , sores , swollen face decreased phosphorus in the blood , fluid retention , low albumin in the blood , increased thirst , decreased calcium in the blood , decreased sugar in the blood , decreased sodium in the blood pain and swelling in the nose , skin infections , infection due to catheter line bruising pain at site of tumour , death of the tumour decreased blood pressure when standing up , coldness in your hands and feet difficulty walking , swelling allergic reaction decreased liver function , increased size of liver pain in the breast restlessness small bleedings in your skin due to blood clots a condition involving destruction of red blood cells and acute kidney failure the rare side effects may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : skin reaction to another agent or lung inflammation following radiation blood clot very slow pulse , heart attack leaking of drug outside the vein a disorder of the electrical conduction system of the heart ( atrioventricular block ) the very rare side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : severe inflammation / eruption of the skin and mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hardening / thickening of the skin ( scleroderma ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of desloratadine , cases of severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , hives and swelling ) have been reported very rarely . if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a dummy tablet . however , fatigue , dry mouth and headache were reported more often than with a dummy tablet . in adolescents , headache was the most commonly reported side effect . in clinical studies with desloratadine , the following side effects were reported as : common ( the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - fatigue , - dry mouth , - headache . adults during the marketing of desloratadine - containing products , the following side effects were reported as : very rare ( the following may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - severe allergic reactions , - rash , - pounding or irregular heartbeat , - fast heartbeat , - stomach ache , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - vomiting , - upset stomach , - diarrhoea , - dizziness , - drowsiness , - inability to sleep , - muscle pain , - hallucinations , - seizures , - restlessness with increased body movement , - liver inflammation , - abnormal liver function tests . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - unusual weakness , - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes , - increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun , even in case of hazy sun , and to uv light , for instance 23 to uv lights of a solarium , - changes in the way the heart beats , - abnormal behaviour , - aggression , - weight increased , - increased appetite . children not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - slow heartbeat , - change in the way the heart beats , - abnormal behaviour , - aggression . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects , as you may need urgent medical attention : any one or combination of : weight gain , swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects : tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abnormal blood tests ( decreased platelets [ thrombocytopenia ]; red blood cells [ anaemia ]; decreased albumin in the blood [ hypoalbuminemia ]) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - feeling or being sick ( nausea ; vomiting ) - fever ( pyrexia ) - chills - tiredness ( fatigue ) - swelling of limbs and / or joints ( peripheral oedema ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased aspartate aminotransferase ; increased alanine aminotransferase ) 31 - weight gain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - skin infection ( cellulitis ) - decreased white blood cells with / without a fever ( neutropenia , leukopenia , lymphopenia ; febrile neutropenia ) - complications from breakdown of cancer cells ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - reaction to treatment [ including fever , feeling sick , headache , rash , rapid heartbeat ] ( cytokine release syndrome ) - abnormal blood tests [ increased white blood cells ( leukocytosis ), increased uric acid in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ); decreased magnesium in the blood ( hypomagnesaemia ); decreased sodium in the blood ( hyponatraemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ), increased blood potassium ( hyperkalaemia ), increased blood phosphate ( hyperphosphataemia ), increased bile pigment in the blood ( hyperbilirubinemia ), increased level of blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ), incresed time for blood t clot ( activated partial thromboplastin time prolonged , international normalised ratio increased )] - decreased appetite - feeling confused - fainting ( syncope ) - headache - dizziness - blurred vision - fluid around the heart ( percardial effusion ) - abnormal or fast heartbeat ( tachycardia , sinus tachycardia ) - blushing ( flushing ) - decreased level of oxygen in the body ( hypoxia ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - build - up of fluid around the lungs that may cause breathlessness ( pleural effusion ) - difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) - nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) - coughing - difficulty swallowing ( dysphagia ) - diarrhoea - constipation - dry mouth or a swollen and sore mouth ( stomatitis ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - itchy skin ( pruritis ) - skin rashes - excessive sweating ( hyperhydrosis ) - very small purple , red , or brown spots on the skin ( petechiae ) - pain in shoulders , neck , wrists , legs , and / or arms ( pain in extremity ), chest , back , joints ( arthralgia ), muscles ( myalgia ) or bones . - muscle weakness - kidneys suddenly stop working ( acute kidney injury ) and / or abnormal kidney function tests ( increased blood creatinine ) - flu - like symptoms such as aches and pains , fever and shaking - chest pain - generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolonged ) - increased levels of enzymes in the blood seen in blood tests ( lactate dehydrogenase , alkaline phosphatase and creatine phosphokinase ) - flushing , shivering , fits , fever , trouble breathing , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , sudden swelling of your face , tongue , or trouble swallowing during the infusion or after the infusion on the first day of treatment ( infusion - related reaction ) - bruising ( contusions ) 32 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : - lung infection ( pneumonia ) - urinary tract infection - gum disease ( gingivitis ) including bleeding gums - blood test abnormalities [, decreased phosphate in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ), increased lactic acid in the bloodstream ( lactic acidosis / acidosis ), decreased levels of a blood clotting protein ( blood fibrinogen decreased )] - unusual mood changes including depression and anxiety - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - brain function disturbances ( encephalopathy / metabolic encephalopathy ) - stroke - loss of movement in face ( facial paralysis ) - persistent bad taste in mouth ( dysgeusia ) - worsening of multiple sclerosis ( relapse ) - drowsiness ( somnolence ) - tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia , peripheral sensory neuropathy ) - weakness in muscles ( peripheral motor neuropathy ) - bleeding in the white of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ) - eye redness ( ocular hyperaemia ) - eye floaters ( vitreous floaters ) - irregular heartbeat which can lead to the heart stopping ( supraventricular extrasystoles , ventricular fibrillation , atrial fibrillation ) - slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - lungs do not function as they should , causing breathlessness ( respiratory failure ) - noisy breathing ( wheezing ) - mouth and / or throat pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - rapid breathing ( tachypnoea ) - bloated stomach and stomach ache - blisters on the tongue - blood blister on tongue ( tongue haematoma ) - swelling of the face , tongue , limbs or joints ( angioedema ) - redness , swelling and pain on the palms of the hands and / or the soles of the feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) - hives ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin pain - dry , red , itchy skin and / or sores on the lower legs ( stasis dermatitis ) - cold sweat - dry skin - pain of joints , muscles and / or bones , including tail bone ( musculoskeletal pain , coccydynia ) - muscle spasm - muscle pain , weakness , dark or brown urine ( rhabdomyolysis ) - kidney failure - difficulty passing urine - pain in lower back / abdomen and / or painful urination ( urinary tract pain ) - frequent daytime urination ( pollakiuria ) - urine test abnormality [ increased protein ( proteinuria )] - inability to tolerate side effects of this medicine ( drug intolerance ) - low body temperature ( hypothermia ) - fever or low body temperature , increased heart rate , increased breathing ( systemic inflammatory response syndrome ) - increase in time taken for blood to clot ( shown in blood tests ) - test positive for bacteria - decreased weight 33 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the effects in this list . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people . diarrhoea feeling sick in your stomach vomiting fever respiratory tract congestion , such as stuffy nose and sore throat , has been reported in patients with kidney disease not yet on dialysis . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people . increased blood pressure . headaches , particularly sudden , stabbing migraine - like headaches , feeling confused or having fits may be signs of a sudden increase in blood pressure . this requires urgent treatment . raised blood pressure may require treatment with medicines ( or adjustment to any medicines you already take for high blood pressure ). blood clots ( including deep vein thrombosis and embolism ) that may require urgent treatment . you may have chest pain , breathlessness , and painful swelling and redness , usually in the leg as symptoms . cough . skin rashes , which may result from an allergic reaction . bone or muscle pain . flu - like symptoms , such as headache , aches and pains in the joints , feeling of weakness , chills , tiredness and dizziness . these may be more common at the start of treatment . if you have these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to avoid them in the future . redness , burning and pain at the site of injection . swelling of the ankles , feet or fingers . arm or leg pain . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people . high levels of blood potassium which can cause abnormal heart rhythm ( this is a very common side effect in patients on dialysis ). fits . nose or airway congestion . allergic reaction . hives . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms of pure red cell aplasia ( prca ) 83 prca means the bone marrow does not make enough red blood cells . prca causes sudden and severe anaemia . the symptoms are : unusual tiredness , feeling dizzy , breathlessness . prca has been very rarely reported mostly in patients with kidney disease after months to years of treatment with epoetin alfa and other products that stimulate red blood cell production . an increase in levels of small blood cells ( called platelets ), which are normally involved in the formation of a blood clot may occur , particularly when starting treatment . your doctor will check on this . severe allergic reaction that may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , itchy rash ( hives ). problem with the blood that may cause pain , dark coloured urine or increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight ( porphyria ). if you are receiving haemodialysis : blood clots ( thrombosis ) may form in your dialysis shunt . this is more likely if you have low blood pressure or if your fistula has complications . blood clots may also form in your haemodialysis system . your doctor may decide to increase your heparin dose during dialysis . serious skin rashes including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using epoetin alfa hexal if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you are aware of any of these effects , or if you notice any other effects while you are receiving treatment with epoetin alfa hexal . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . certain side effects , e . g . headache or flushing , may be reduced by slowing the infusion rate . below is a list of side effects reported with kiovig : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , high blood pressure , nausea , rash , local reactions ( e . g . pain and swelling or other reactions at the infusion site ), fever , tiredness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , common cold , low red blood cell count , swollen lymph glands , decreased appetite , difficulty in sleeping , anxiety , dizziness , migraine , numbness or tingling of the skin or of a limb , reduced sense of touch , eye inflammation , rapid heartbeat , flushing , cough , runny nose , chronic cough or wheezing ( asthma ), stuffy nose , sore throat , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , contusion , itchingand hives , dermatitis , reddened skin , pain in your back , pain in your joints , pain in your arms or legs , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscular weakness , chills , accumulation of fluid under the skin , influenza - like illness , pain or discomfort in the chest , lack of strength or feeling of weakness , indisposition , shaking chills . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chronic infection of the nose , fungal infections , various infections ( of the nose and throat , kidney or bladder ), sterile inflammation of the layers lining the brain , serious allergic reactions , disorder of the thyroid , excessive response to stimuli , memory impairment , difficulty in speaking , unusual taste in the mouth , impaired balance , involuntary trembling , eye pain or swelling , vertigo , fluid in middle ear , peripheral coldness , vein inflammation , ear and throat swelling , abdominal distension , rapid swelling of the skin , acute inflammation of the skin , cold sweat , increased reaction of the skin to sunlight , excessive sweating also during sleep , muscle twitching , excess of serum protein in the urine , chest tightness , feeling hot , burning sensation , swelling , increased rate of breathing , changes to blood test results . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ): destruction of red blood cells , life - threatening allergic shock , transient stroke , stroke , low blood pressure , heart attack , blood clot in a major vein , blood clot in the main artery of the lung , accumulation of fluid in the lung , positive result of coombs test , decreased oxygen saturation in blood , transfusion - related acute lung injury . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects of alofisel treatment are related to the process of cleaning your fistulas . in general , these side effects are quite mild and disappear in the days following the fistula procedure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 to 10 patients ): anal abscess anal fistula proctalgia ( pain in the rectum or anus ). procedural pain ( pain after fistula cleaning ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or surgeon . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) hypersensitivity ( rashes , itching and rapid swelling of the tissues of the neck , face , mouth or throat ) difficulty with swallowing hives and difficulty with breathing cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients receiving this medicine . pancreatitis can be a serious , potentially life - threatening medical condition . tell your doctor if you have had pancreatitis , gallstones , alcoholism or very high triglycerides . these medical conditions can increase the risk of getting pancreatitis , or getting it again , whether or not you are taking this medicine . stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately if you experience severe and persistent stomach pain , with or without vomiting , because you could have an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( nausea is most common when first starting this medicine , but decreases over time in most patients ) diarrhoea hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) when taken with a medicine that contains a sulphonylurea . when this medicine is used with a medicine that contains a sulphonylurea , episodes of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia , generally mild to moderate ) can occur . the dose of your sulphonylurea medicine may need to be reduced while you use this medicine . the signs and symptoms of low blood sugar may include headache , drowsiness , weakness , dizziness , confusion , irritability , hunger , fast heartbeat , sweating , and feeling jittery . your doctor should tell you how to treat low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) when taken with an insulin dizziness headache vomiting loss of energy and strength tiredness ( fatigue ) constipation pain in the stomach area bloating indigestion flatulence ( passing gas ) heartburn reduced appetite this medicine may reduce your appetite , the amount of food you eat , and your weight . if you lose weight too quickly ( more than 1 . 5 kg per week ) talk to your doctor about it since this may cause problems such as gallstones . injection site reactions 102 if you have an injection site reaction ( redness , rash , or itching ) you may like to ask your doctor for something to help relieve any signs or symptoms . you may see or feel a small bump under the skin after your injection ; it should go away after 4 to 8 weeks . you should not need to stop your treatment . uncommon side effects decrease in kidney function dehydration , sometimes with a decrease in kidney function intestinal obstruction ( blockage in intestine ) burping unusual taste in the mouth increased sweating hair loss sleepiness rare side effects feeling jittery not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) in addition some other side effects have been reported : bleeding or bruising more easily than normal due to low level of blood platelets . changes in inr ( measurement of blood thinning ) have been reported when used together with warfarin . skin reactions at the injection site following injection of exenatide . these include : cavity containing pus ( abscess ) and swollen , or red area of skin that feels hot and tender ( cellulitis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or diabetes nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache injection site reactions . in clinical studies , these were generally mild to moderate and became less frequent over time . symptoms may include : o very common : pain and discomfort , a hardened mass or lump o common : redness , itching , swelling , bruising , warmth or discolouration , which may include a collection of blood under the skin o uncommon : numbness , minor bleeding , an abscess ( collection of pus ) or cellulitis ( heat , swelling or redness ). feeling hot ( pyrexia ). common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : depression anxiety abnormal dreams difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting stomach pain ( abdominal pain ) wind ( flatulence ) diarrhoea rash muscle pain ( myalgia ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) feeling weak ( asthenia ) generally feeling unwell ( malaise ) weight gain . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : feeling drowsy ( somnolence ) feeling lightheaded , during or following an injection . this may lead to fainting liver damage ( signs may include yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes , loss of appetite , itching , tenderness of the stomach , light - coloured stools or unusually dark urine ) changes in liver blood tests ( increase in transaminases or increase in bilirubin ). other side effects that may show up in blood tests an increase in lipases ( a substance produced by the pancreas ) other possible side effects people receiving vocabria and rilpivirine therapy for hiv may get other side effects . allergic reactions vocabria contains cabotegravir , which is an integrase inhibitor . other integrase inhibitors can cause a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction , although this has not been seen with vocabria . if you get any of the following symptoms : skin rash a high temperature ( fever ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing muscle or joint aches . see a doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to carry out tests to check your liver , kidneys or blood , and may tell you to stop taking vocabria . pancreatitis if you get severe pain in the abdomen ( tummy ), this may be caused by inflammation of your pancreas ( pancreatitis ). tell your doctor , especially if the pain spreads and gets worse . symptoms of infection and inflammation people with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). when they start treatment , the immune system becomes stronger , so the body starts to fight infections . symptoms of infection and inflammation may develop , caused by either : old , hidden infections flaring up again as the body fights them the immune system attacking healthy body tissue ( autoimmune disorders ). the symptoms of autoimmune disorders may develop many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . symptoms may include : muscle weakness and / or muscle pain joint pain or swelling weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body palpitations or tremor hyperactivity ( excessive restlessness and movement ). if you get any symptoms of infection : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : swelling of the face , rash , generalised itching , hives , tightness of the chest , difficulty breathing , burning and stinging at the injection site , chills , flushing , headache , general feeling of being unwell , nausea , restlessness , fast heartbeat , and low blood pressure . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , mouth numbness or tingling , pain in your side with blood in your urine ( obstructive uropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , taste alteration , bad breath , feeling tired , pain at the injection site , rapid heartbeat , blood in the urine ( haematuria ), pain in your side ( renal colic ), low blood pressure , and decreased appetite . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any side effects occur , most are likely to be minor and temporary . however , some may be serious and need medical attention . serious side effects stop taking voriconazole hikma and see a doctor immediately rash jaundice ; changes in blood tests of liver function pancreatitis which may present with severe abdominal pain other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people visual impairment ( change in vision including blurred vision , visual color alterations , abnormal intolerance to visual perception of light , colour blindness , eye disorder , halo vision , night blindness , swinging vision , seeing sparks , visual aura , visual acuity reduced , visual brightness , loss of part of the usual field of vision , spots before the eyes ) fever rash nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea headache swelling of the extremities stomach pains breathing difficulties . elevated liver enzymes common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people inflammation of the sinuses , inflammation of the gums , chills , weakness low numbers of some types , including severe , of red ( sometimes immune - related ) and / or white blood cells ( sometimes with fever ), low numbers of cells called platelets that help blood to clot low blood sugar , low blood potassium , low sodium in the blood anxiety , depression , confusion , agitation , inability to sleep , hallucinations seizures , tremors or uncontrolled muscle movements , tingling or abnormal skin sensations , increase in muscle tone , sleepiness , dizziness bleeding in the eye heart rhythm problems including very fast heartbeat , very slow heartbeat , fainting low blood pressure , inflammation of a vein ( which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot ) acute breathing difficulty , chest pain , swelling of the face ( mouth , lips and around eyes ), fluid accumulation in the lungs constipation , indigestion , inflammation of the lips jaundice , inflammation of the liver and liver injury skin rashes which may lead to severe blistering and peeling of the skin characterized by a flat , red area on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , redness of the skin itchiness hair loss back pain kidney failure , blood in the urine , changes in kidney function tests . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people flu - like symptoms , irritation and inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract , inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract causing antibiotic associated diarrhoea , inflammation of the lymphatic vessels inflammation of the thin tissue that lines the inner wall of the abdomen and covers the abdominal organs enlarged lymph glands ( sometimes painful ), , failure of blood marrow , ( increased eosinophil ) depressed function of the adrenal gland , underactive thyroid gland 46 abnormal brain function , parkinson - like symptoms , nerve injury resulting in numbness , pain , tingling or burning in the hands or feet problems with balance or coordination swelling of the brain double vision , serious conditions of the eye including : pain and inflammation of the eyes and eyelids , , abnormal eye movement , damage to the optic nerve resulting in vision impairment , optic disc swelling decreased sensitivity to touch abnormal sense of taste hearing difficulties , ringing in the ears , vertigo inflammation of certain internal organs - pancreas and duodenum , swelling and inflammation of the tongue enlarged liver , liver failure , gallbladder disease , gallstones joint inflammation , inflammation of the veins under the skin ( which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot ) inflammation of the kidney , proteins in the urine , damage to the kidney very fast heart rate or skipped heartbeats , sometimes with erratic electrical impulses abnormal electrocardiogram ( ecg ) blood cholesterol increased , blood urea increased allergic skin reactions ( sometimes severe ), including life - threatening skin condition that causes painful blisters and sores of the skin and mucous membranes , especially in the mouth inflammation of the skin hives , sunburn or severe skin reaction following exposure to light or sun , skin redness and irritation , red or purple discoloration of the skin which may be caused by low platelet count , eczema infusion site reaction allergic reaction or exaggerated immune response rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) overactive thyroid gland deterioration of brain function that is a serious complication of liver disease loss of most fibers in the optic nerve clouding of the cornea , involuntary movement of the eye bullous photosensitivity a disorder in which the body ' s immune system attacks part of the peripheral nervous system heart rhythm or conduction problems that ( sometimes life threatening ) life threatening allergic reaction disorder of blood clotting system allergic skin reactions ( sometimes severe ), including rapid swelling ( oedema ) of the dermis , subcutaneous tissue , mucosa and submucosal tissues , itchy or sore patches of thick , red skin with silvery scales of skin , irritation of the skin and mucous membranes , life - threatening skin condition that causes large portions of the epidermis , the skin ' s outermost layer , to detach from the layers of skin below small dry scaly skin patches , sometimes thick with spikes or ' horns ' side effects with frequency not known : freckles and pigmented spots other significant side effects whose frequency is not known , but should be reported to your doctor immediately : skin cancer inflammation of the tissue surrounding the bone red , scaly patches or ring - shaped skin lesions that may be a symptom of an autoimmune disease called cutaneous lupus erythematosus 47 reactions during the infusion have occurred uncommonly with voriconazole hikma ( including flushing , fever , sweating , increased heart rate and shortness of breath ). your doctor may stop the infusion if this occurs . as voriconazole hikma has been known to affect the liver and the kidney , your doctor should monitor the function of your liver and kidneys by doing blood tests . please advise your doctor if you have any stomach pains or if your stools have a different consistency . there have been reports of skin cancer in patients treated with voriconazole for long periods of time sunburn or severe skin reaction following exposure to light or sun was experienced more frequently in children . if you or your child develops skin disorders , your doctor may refer you to a dermatologist , who after consultation may decide that it is important for you or your child to be seen on a regular basis . elevated liver enzymes were also observed more frequently in children . if any of these side effects persist or are troublesome , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects listed below were seen when avastin was given together with chemotherapy . this does not necessarily mean that these side effects were strictly caused by avastin . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . the signs may include : difficulty in breathing or chest pain . you could also experience redness or flushing of the skin or a rash , chills and shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). you should seek help immediately if you suffer from any of the below mentioned side effects . severe side effects , which may be very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ), include : high blood pressure , feeling of numbness or tingling in hands or feet , decreased number of cells in the blood , including white cells that help to fight against infections ( this may be accompanied by fever ), and cells that help the blood to clot , feeling weak and having no energy , tiredness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and abdominal pain . severe side effects , which may be common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ), include : perforation of the gut , bleeding , including bleeding in the lungs in patients with non - small cell lung cancer , blocking of the arteries by a blood clot , blocking of the veins by a blood clot , blocking of the blood vessels of the lungs by a blood clot , blocking of the veins of the legs by a blood clot , 72 heart failure , problems with wound healing after surgery , redness , peeling , tenderness , pain , or blistering on the fingers or feet , decreased number of red cells in the blood , lack of energy , stomach and intestinal disorder , muscle and joint pain , muscular weakness , dry mouth in combination with thirst and / or reduced or darkened urine , inflammation of the moist lining of mouth and gut , lungs and air passages , reproductive , and urinary tracts , sores in the mouth and the tube from the mouth to the stomach , which may be painful and cause difficulty swallowing , pain , including headache , back pain and pain in the pelvis and anal regions , localised pus collection , infection , and in particular infection in the blood or bladder , reduced blood supply to the brain or stroke , sleepiness , nose bleed , increase in heart rate ( pulse ), blockage in the gut or bowel , abnormal urine test ( protein in the urine ), shortness of breath or low levels of oxygen in the blood , infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , fistula : abnormal tube - like connection between internal organs and skin or other tissues that are not normally connected , including connections between vagina and the gut in patients with cervical cancer . severe side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ), include : serious infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , especially if you had holes in the gut wall or problems with wound healing , allergic reactions ( the signs may include difficulty breathing , facial redness , rash , low blood pressure or high blood pressure , low oxygen in your blood , chest pain , or nausea / vomiting ), a negative effect on a woman ' s ability to have children ( see the paragraphs below the list of side effects for further recommendations ), a brain condition with symptoms including seizures ( fits ), headache , confusion , and changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), symptoms that suggest changes in normal brain function ( headaches , vision changes , confusion , or seizures ), and high blood pressure , an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ), clogging of a very small blood vessel ( s ) in the kidney , abnormally high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the lungs which makes the right side of the heart work harder than normal , a hole in the cartilage wall separating the nostrils of the nose , a hole in the stomach or intestines , an open sore or hole in the lining of the stomach or small intestine ( the signs may include abdominal pain , feeling bloated , black tarry stools or blood in your stools ( faeces ) or blood in your vomit ), bleeding from the lower part of the large bowel , lesions in the gums with an exposed jaw bone that does not heal and may be associated with pain and inflammation of the surrounding tissue ( see the paragraphs below the list of side effects for further recommendations ), hole in the gall bladder ( symptoms and signs may include abdominal pain , fever , and nausea / vomiting ). you should seek help as soon as possible if you suffer from any of the below mentioned side effects . very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) side effects , which were not severe , include : constipation , loss of appetite , fever , problems with the eyes ( including increased production of tears ), changes in speech , change in the sense of taste , runny nose , dry skin , flaking and inflammation of the skin , change in skin colour , loss of body weight , nose bleeds . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) side effects , which were not severe , include : voice changes and hoarseness . patients older than 65 years have an increased risk of experiencing the following side effects : blood clot in the arteries which can lead to a stroke or a heart attack , reduction in the number of white cells in the blood , and cells that help the blood clot , diarrhoea , sickness , headache , fatigue , high blood pressure . avastin may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . these include a decreased number of white cells in the blood , in particular neutrophils ( one type of white blood cell which helps protect against infections ) in the blood ; presence of protein in the urine ; decreased blood potassium , sodium or phosphorous ( a mineral ); increased blood sugar ; increased blood alkaline phosphatase ( an enzyme ); increased serum creatinine ( a protein measured by a blood test to see how well your kidneys are working ); decreased haemoglobin ( found in red blood cells , which carry oxygen ), which may be severe . pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or sores inside the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs and symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . pre - menopausal women ( women who have a menstrual cycle ) may notice that their periods become irregular or are missed and may experience impaired fertility . if you are considering having children you should discuss this with your doctor before your treatment starts . avastin has been developed and made to treat cancer by injecting it into the bloodstream . it has not been developed or made for injection into the eye . it is therefore not authorised to be used in this way . when avastin is injected directly into the eye ( unapproved use ), the following side effects may occur : infection or inflammation of the eye globe , redness of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), eye pain , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , increased eye pressure , bleeding in the eye . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . - if your child has any reaction like swelling or shortness of breath after being given alkindi , get medical help straight away and tell your endocrinologist as soon as possible as these can be signs of an allergic reaction ( see section 2 ). no side effects have been observed with alkindi , but the following side effects have been reported for other hydrocortisone medicines used to replace cortisol : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - changes in behaviour including : - loss of contact with reality ( psychosis ) with sensations that are not real ( hallucinations ) and mental confusion ( delirium ). - overexcitement and overactivity ( mania ). - intense feeling of happiness and excitement ( euphoria ). if your child has a dramatic change in behaviour , contact your endocrinologist ( see section 2 ). - stomach pains ( gastritis ) or feelings of sickness ( nausea ). contact your endocrinologist if your child complains of these . - changes in blood potassium levels , leading to excessive alkalinity of body tissues or fluids ( hypokalaemic alkalosis ). your endocrinologist will monitor your child ' s potassium levels to check for any changes . long - term treatment with hydrocortisone may be associated with changes in the development of bones and reduced growth . your endocrinologist will monitor your child ' s growth and bones ( see section 2 ). reporting of side effects if your child gets any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience pain at the infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat discomfort , tongue or throat swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , heart attack or low number of platelets . if you have heart disease or angina , these reactions might get worse . tell the person giving you the infusion immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or 66 paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your rixathon treatment if these reactions are serious . infections tell your doctor immediately if you get signs of an infection including : fever , cough , sore throat , burning pain when passing urine or feeling weak or generally unwell memory loss , trouble thinking , difficulty walking or sight loss these may be due to a very rare , serious brain infection , which has been fatal ( progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy or pml ). you might get infections more easily during your treatment with rixathon . these are often colds , but there have been cases of pneumonia or urinary infections . these are listed below under " other side effects ". if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis , granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris , you will also find this information in the patient alert card you have been given by your doctor . it is important that you keep this alert card and show it to your partner or caregiver . skin reactions very rarely , severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening may occur . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects include : a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis low number of white blood cells , with or without fever or blood cells called " platelets " feeling sick ( nausea ) bald spots on the scalp , chills , headache lower immunity because of lower levels of anti - bodies called " immunoglobulins " ( igg ) in the blood which help protect against infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood ( sepsis ), pneumonia , shingles , cold , bronchial tube infections , fungal infections , infections of unknown origin , sinus inflammation , hepatitis b low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), low number of all blood cells allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and body , high levels of the enzyme " ldh " in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood unusual feelings of the skin such as numbness , tingling , pricking , burning , a creeping skin feeling , reduced sense of touch feeling restless , problems falling asleep becoming very red in the face and other areas of the skin as a consequence of dilation of the blood vessels feeling dizzy or anxious producing more tears , tear duct problems , inflamed eye ( conjunctivitis ) ringing sound in the ears , ear pain heart problems such as heart attack , uneven or fast heart rate high or low blood pressure ( low blood pressure especially when standing upright ) tightening of the muscles in the airways which causes wheezing ( bronchospasm ), inflammation , irritation in the lungs , throat or sinuses , being short of breath , runny nose 67 being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the throat and mouth , problems swallowing , constipation , indigestion eating disorders , not eating enough , leading to weight loss hives , increased sweating , night sweats muscle problems such as tight muscles , joint or muscle pain , back and neck pain general discomfort or feeling uneasy or tired , shaking , signs of flu multiple - organ failure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blood clotting problems , decrease of red blood cell production and increase of red blood cell destruction ( aplastic haemolytic anaemia ), swollen or enlarged lymph nodes low mood and loss of interest or enjoyment in doing things , feeling nervous taste problems such as changes in the way things taste heart problems such as reduced heart rate or chest pain ( angina ) asthma , too little oxygen reaching the body organs swelling of the stomach . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): short term increase in the amount of some types of anti - bodies in the blood ( called immunoglobulins igm ), chemical disturbances in the blood caused by break - down of dying cancer cells nerve damage in arms and legs , paralysed face heart failure inflammation of blood vessels including those leading to skin symptoms respiratory failure damage to the intestinal wall ( perforation ) severe skin problems causing blisters that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . kidney failure severe vision loss not known ( it is not known how often these side effects happen ): a reduction in white blood cells which does not happen straight away reduced platelets number just after the infusion this can be reversed , but can be fatal in rare cases hearing loss , loss of other senses b ) if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections such as pneumonia ( bacterial ) pain on passing water ( urinary tract infection ) allergic reactions that are most likely to occur during an infusion , but can occur up - to 24 - hours after infusion changes in blood pressure , nausea , rash , fever , feeling itchy , runny or blocked nose and sneezing , shaking , rapid heartbeat , and tiredness headache changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . these include a decrease in the amount of some specific proteins in the blood ( immunoglobulins ) which help protect against infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections such as bronchial tube inflammation ( bronchitis ) a feeling of fullness or a throbbing pain behind the nose , cheeks and eyes ( sinusitis ), pain in the abdomen , vomiting and diarrhoea , breathing problems 68 fungal foot infection ( athlete ' s foot ) high cholesterol levels in the blood abnormal sensations of the skin , such as numbness , tingling , pricking or burning , sciatica , migraine , dizziness loss of hair anxiety , depression indigestion , diarrhoea , acid reflux , irritation and / or ulceration of the throat and the mouth pain in the tummy , back , muscles and / or joints uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): excess fluid retention in the face and body inflammation , irritation and / or tightness of the lungs , and throat , coughing skin reactions including hives , itching and rash allergic reactions including wheezing or shortness of breath , swelling of the face and tongue , collapse very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): a complex of symptoms occurring within a few weeks of an infusion of rituximab including allergic like reactions such as rash , itching , joint pain , swollen lymph glands and fever severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . other rarely - reported side - effects due to rituximab include a decreased number of white cells in the blood ( neutrophils ) that help to fight against infection . some infections may be severe ( please see information on infections within this section ). c ) if you are being treated for granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , such as chest infections , urinary tract infections ( pain on passing water ), colds and herpes infections allergic reactions that are most likely to occur during an infusion , but can occur up - to 24 - hours after infusion diarrhoea coughing or shortness of breath nose bleeds raised blood pressure painful joints or back muscle twitches or shakiness feeling dizzy tremors ( shakiness , often in the hands ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) swelling of the hands or ankles common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): indigestion constipation skin rashes , including acne or spots flushing or redness of the skin fever blocked or runny nose tight or painful muscles pain in the muscles or in the hands or feet low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) 69 low numbers of platelets in the blood an increase in the amount of potassium in the blood changes in the rhythm of the heart , or the heart beating faster than normal very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . recurrence of a previous hepatitis b infection d ) if you are being treated for pemphigus vulgaris very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions that are most likely to occur during an infusion , but can occur up to 24 hours after infusion long lasting depression loss of hair common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections such as herpes infections and eye infection mood disorders such as irritability and depression skin disorders such as itching , hives , and benign lumps feeling tired or dizzy fever headache pain in the tummy pain in the muscles heart beating faster than normal rixathon may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . if you are having rixathon with other medicines , some of the side effects you may get may be due to the other medicines . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions occur very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and range in severity . symptoms of allergic reaction can include skin rash , itching , swelling of head or face , itchy or runny eyes , cough , and wheezing . your doctor will tell you how to manage any allergic reactions based on their severity , and will prescribe you additional medicines to manage the reaction . some of these allergic reactions can be more serious , as described below , and will require immediate attention . serious side effects include : - sudden severe allergic reactions : ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). stop injecting palynziq if you notice any serious sudden signs of allergy or combination of signs listed below . o swelling of the face , eyes , lips , mouth , throat , tongue , hands and / or feet o trouble breathing or wheezing o throat tightness or a choking feeling o trouble swallowing or speaking o feeling dizzy or fainting o losing control of urine or stools o rapid heartbeat o hives ( like an itchy , bumpy skin rash ) that spreads quickly o flushing o severe stomach cramps or pain , vomiting , or diarrhoea use adrenaline injection device as instructed by your doctor and seek urgent medical assistance . your doctor will prescribe an adrenaline injection device to use for a severe allergic reaction . your doctor will train and instruct you and someone helping you on when and how to use adrenaline . keep the adrenaline injection device with you at all times . contact your doctor immediately if you have the following : - a type of allergic reaction called serum sickness which includes a combination of fever ( high temperature ), rash , muscle and joint aches ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - skin redness , swelling , bruising , tenderness , or pain where you injected palynziq - joint pain 46 - decrease in complement factors c3 and c4 proteins ( which are parts of your immune system ) in blood test - allergic reaction - too low levels of phenylalanine in blood tests - headache - skin rash - stomach pain - feeling sick , also called nausea - vomiting - hives ( raised itchy rash on the skin ) - itchiness - thinning or loss of hair - cough - increase in c - reactive protein ( crp ) in blood test ( crp is a protein that indicates that you have inflammation ) - swollen glands in the neck , armpit or groin - skin redness - muscle pain common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - joint stiffness - joint swelling - muscle stiffness - skin rash with small bumps - blistering or peeling of the outer layer of the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . apixaban accord can be given for three different medical conditions . the known side effects and how frequently they occur for each of these medical conditions may differ and are listed separately below . for these conditions , the most common general side effect of apixaban accord is bleeding which may be potentially life threatening and require immediate medical attention . the following side effects are known if you take apixaban accord to prevent blood clots from forming after hip or knee replacement operations . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) 88 - anaemia which may cause tiredness or paleness - bleeding including : - bruising and swelling - nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can affect clotting ) - bleeding : - occurring after your operation including bruising and swelling , blood or liquid leaking from the surgical wound / incision ( wound secretion ) or injection site - in your stomach , bowel or bright / red blood in the stools - blood in the urine - from your nose - from the vagina - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - blood tests may show : - abnormal liver function - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . - itching rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - bleeding : - into a muscle - in your eyes - from your gums and blood in your spit when coughing - from your rectum - hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column , - in your lungs or your throat - in your mouth - into your abdomen or space behind your abdominal cavity - from a haemorrhoid - tests showing blood in the stools or in the urine - skin rash the following side effects are known if you take apixaban accord to prevent a blood clot from forming in the heart in patients with an irregular heart beat and at least one additional risk factor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding including : - in your eyes - in your stomach or bowel - from your rectum - blood in the urine 89 - from your nose - from your gums - bruising and swelling - anaemia which may cause tiredness or paleness - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - nausea ( feeling sick ) - blood tests may show : - an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( ggt ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your mouth or blood in your spit when coughing - into your abdomen , or from the vagina - bright / red blood in the stools - bleeding occurring after your operation including bruising and swelling , blood or liquid leaking from the surgical wound / incision ( wound secretion ) or injection site - from a haemorrhoid - tests showing blood in the stools or in the urine - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can affect clotting ) - blood tests may show : - abnormal liver function - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes - skin rash - itching - hair loss - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your lungs or your throat - into the space behind your abdominal cavity - into a muscle the following side effects are known if you take apixaban accord to treat or prevent re - occurrence of blood clots in the veins of your legs and blood clots in the blood vessels of your lungs . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding including : - from your nose - from your gums - blood in the urine - bruising and swelling 90 - in your stomach , your bowel , from your rectum - in your mouth - from the vagina - anaemia which may cause tiredness or paleness - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can affect clotting ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - skin rash - blood tests may show : - an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( ggt ) or alanine aminotransferase ( alt ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - bleeding : - in your eyes - in your mouth or blood in your spit when coughing - bright / red blood in the stools - tests showing blood in the stools or in the urine - bleeding occurring after your operation including bruising and swelling , blood or liquid leaking from the surgical wound / incision ( wound secretion ) or injection site - from a haemorrhoid - into a muscle - itching - hair loss - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - blood tests may show : - abnormal liver function - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your lungs not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) bleeding : - into your abdomen or the space behind your abdominal cavity reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avaglim can cause side effects , but not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for allergic reactions : these are very rare in people taking avaglim . signs include : raised and itchy rash ( hives ) swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing collapse . contact a doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . stop taking avaglim . fluid retention and heart failure : avaglim can cause you to retain water ( fluid retention ) which leads to swelling and weight gain . extra body fluid can make some existing heart problems worse or lead to heart failure . this is more likely if you are also taking other medicines for your diabetes ( like insulin ), if you have kidney problems , or if you are over 65 . check your weight regularly ; if it goes up rapidly , tell your doctor . symptoms of heart failure include : shortness of breath , waking up short of breath at night getting tired easily after light physical activity such as walking rapid increase in your weight swollen ankles or feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms - either for the first time or if they get worse . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ): certain conditions can make you more likely to suffer from low blood sugar while you are taking avaglim . these include : taking other medicines to treat diabetes kidney disease low body weight or poor diet stress situations ( such as trauma , surgery or infections ) early symptoms of low blood sugar are : shaking , sweating , faintness nervousness , palpitations hunger . the severity can increase , leading to confusion and loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . the dose of your medicines may need to be reduced . liver problems : before you start taking avaglim you will have a blood sample taken to check your liver function . this check may be repeated at intervals . these may be signs of liver problems : nausea and vomiting stomach ( abdominal ) pain loss of appetite dark - coloured urine . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get these symptoms . eye problems : swelling of the retina at the back of the eye which can cause blurred vision ( macular oedema ) can be a problem for people with diabetes . new or worse cases of macular oedema have occurred on rare occasions in people taking avaglim and similar medicines . discuss with your doctor any concerns about your eyesight . broken bones : bone fractures can occur in people with diabetes . the chances of this happening may be higher in people , particularly women , taking rosiglitazone for more than one year . the most common are breaks in feet , hands and arms . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : lower blood sugar than normal ( hypoglycaemia ) swelling ( oedema ) due to water retention . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : chest pain ( angina ) heart failure broken bones increased weight , increased appetite dizziness constipation reduction in blood count ( anaemia ) low numbers of white blood cells ( leucopaenia ) and blood cells needed for blood clotting ( thrombocytopaenia ) small increases in blood cholesterol , increased amount of fats in the blood rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) causing breathlessness swelling of the retina at the back of the eye ( macular oedema ) reduction in the number of red blood cells , or a type of white blood cell ( granulocytopaenia ) which can be severe ( agranulocytosis ), reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( pancytopaenia ) liver doesn ' t function as well as it should ( increase in liver enzymes ). very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : allergic reactions , inflammation of blood vessels ( allergic vasculitis ) increased sensitivity to the sun causing skin rash inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) rapid and excessive weight gain caused by fluid retention stomach pain , bloating , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting or diarrhoea decrease in the amount of sodium in your blood . if you get side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects listed gets severe or troublesome , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . since constipation may be a preceding symptom in very rare cases of blockages in your intestine , it is important to inform your doctor or pharmacist of this symptom before or during the use of renagel . the following side effects have been reported in patients taking renagel : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , flatulence . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased acidity of the blood . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10000 people ): hypersensitivity . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): cases of itching , rash , abdominal pain , slow intestine motility ( movement ), inflammation of abnormal small pouches ( called diverticula ) in the large intestine , blockages in the intestine ( signs include : severe bloating ; abdominal pain , swelling or cramps ; severe constipation ), rupture in the intestine wall ( signs include : severe stomach pain , chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , or a tender abdomen ), serious inflammation of the large bowel ( symptoms include : severe abdominal pain , stomach or intestine disorders , or blood in the stool [ gastrointestinal bleeding ]) and crystal deposit in the intestine have been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following side effects : very severe or persistent diarrhoea ( 7 or more stools per day ). a decrease in the number or low amount of white blood cells ( shown in a blood test ), with or without fever , which may increase the risk of an infection . infusion reactions with symptoms that can either be mild or more severe and may include feeling sick ( nausea ), fever , chills , feeling tired , headache , loss of appetite , joint and muscle pains , and hot flushes . allergic and anaphylactic ( more severe allergic ) reactions with symptoms that may include swelling of your face and throat , with difficulty in breathing . very rarely , patients have died due to anaphylactic reactions during perjeta infusion . heart problems ( heart failure ) with symptoms that can include cough , shortness of breath , and swelling ( fluid retention ) in your legs or arms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a condition which may happen when cancer cells die quickly , causing changes in blood levels of minerals and metabolites shown in a blood test ). symptoms may include kidney problems ( weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and confusion ), heart problems ( fluttering of the heart of a faster or slower heartbeat ), seizures , vomiting or diarrhoea and tingling in the mouth , hands or feet tell a doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea hair loss feeling sick or being tired rash inflammation of your digestive tract ( e . g . sore mouth ) decrease in the number of red blood cells shown in a blood test joint or muscle pain , muscle weakness constipation reduced appetite loss of or altered taste fever swollen ankles or other body parts due to your body retaining too much water not being able to sleep hot flushes weak , numb , tingling or prickling sensations mainly affecting the feet and legs nose bleeds cough heartburn dry , itchy or acne like skin nail problems 41 sore throat , red , sore or runny nose , flu - like symptoms and fever producing more tears fever associated with dangerously low levels of a type of white blood cell ( neutrophils ) pain in the body , arms , legs , and belly shortness of breath feeling dizzy common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): a feeling of numbness , prickling or tingling in feet or hands ; sharp jabbing , throbbing , freezing or burning pain ; feeling pain from something which should not be painful such as a light touch ; less able to feel changes in heat or cold ; loss of balance or coordination inflammation of the nail bed where the nail and skin meet infection of the ear , nose or throat condition in which the left ventricle of the heart is functionally impaired with or without symptoms uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest symptoms such as a dry cough or breathlessness ( possible signs of interstitial lung disease , a condition of damage to the tissues around the air sacs in the lungs ) fluid around the lungs causing difficulty in breathing if you experience any of the above symptoms after treatment with perjeta has been stopped , you should consult your doctor immediately and inform him or her that you have previously been treated with perjeta . some of the side effects which you get may be due to your breast cancer . if you are given perjeta with trastuzumab and chemotherapy at the same time , some side effects may also be due to these other medicines . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , carbaglu can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects were reported as follows : very common ( occurring in at least one in 10 patients ), common ( occurring in at least one in 100 patients ), uncommon ( occurring in at least one in1 , 000 patients ), rare ( occurring in at least one in 10 , 000 patients ), very rare ( occurring in at least one in 100 , 000 patients ) and not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). common : increased sweating uncommon : bradycardia ( decreased frequency of the heart ), diarrhoea , fever , increased transaminases , vomiting not known : rash if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , ervebo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects are rare . get medical care right away if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction , which may include : wheezing or trouble breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the body , generalized itching , redness , flushing or itchy bumps on the skin . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , joint pain , muscle aches , fever , feeling tired , pain , swelling , or redness at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , nausea , skin rash , joint swelling , chills , excessive sweating . certain white blood cell counts can decrease below normal after vaccination but this decrease has not resulted in illness and the counts return to normal . most side effects go away within a few days . joint pain and swelling may last for weeks or months in some people . in some people joint pain and swelling may come back after initially going away . tell your healthcare worker if you get any of the side effects listed above . additional side effects in children and adolescents the vaccine has been studied in a small number of children and adolescents who were 6 to 17 years of age . overall , the side effects in children and adolescents were similar to those in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your healthcare worker . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but serious side effect that can be fatal . the following side effects may be signs of lactic acidosis : deep , rapid breathing , drowsiness , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and stomach pain . if you think that you may have lactic acidosis , contact your doctor immediately . other possible serious side effects the following side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pain in the tummy ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the pancreas , damage to kidney tubule cells . the following side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the kidney , passing a lot of urine and feeling thirsty , changes to your urine and back pain caused by kidney problems , including kidney failure , softening of the bones ( with bone pain and sometimes resulting in fractures ), which may occur due to damage to kidney tubule cells , fatty liver . if you think that you may have any of these serious side effects , talk to your doctor . most frequent side effects the following side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), dizziness , rash , 62 feeling weak . tests may also show : decreases in phosphate in the blood . other possible side effects the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach pain , feeling tired , feeling bloated , flatulence . tests may also show : liver problems . the following side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): breakdown of muscle , muscle pain or weakness . tests may also show : decreases in potassium in the blood , increased creatinine in your blood , pancreas problems . the breakdown of muscle , softening of the bones ( with bone pain and sometimes resulting in fractures ), muscle pain , muscle weakness and decreases in potassium or phosphate in the blood may occur due to damage to kidney tubule cells . the following side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): pain in the tummy ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the liver , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - severe abdominal pain or constipation ( uncommon ) - vomiting of blood ( uncommon ) - blood in the stools ( uncommon ) the following side effects have been reported with fexeric in dialysis patients : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - discoloured stools - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - constipation - abdominal pain / discomfort - abdominal distension or bloating - nausea , vomiting 24 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - changes in iron blood test results - decreased or increased appetite - indigestion , flatulence - inflammation of stomach lining , ulcer of mucosal lining of the stomach or the first part of the bowel - reflux of stomach juices in the oesophagus - abnormal stools , irregularity in bowel movement - low serum phosphorus levels - dry mouth - taste disturbance - headache - dizziness - low serum potassium levels - incontinence - skin rash , itching - palpitations - shortness of breath , wheezing , abnormal breath sounds - pain - thirst - bronchitis - muscle injury - increased weight - fluid in the lungs - very high blood pressure the most common side effects ( affecting more than 1 in 10 people ) in patients not on dialysis also concern the stomach or bowel : discoloured stools diarrhoea constipation reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always easy to identify what side effects are caused by reyataz , by the other medicines you are taking , or by the hiv infection itself . tell your doctor if you notice anything unusual about your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects : skin rash , itching that may occasionally be severe has been reported . the rash usually disappears within 2 weeks without any change to your reyataz treatment . severe rash may be developed in association with other symptoms which could be serious . stop taking reyataz and talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a severe rash or a rash with flu - like illness symptoms , blisters , fever , mouth sores , muscle or joint pain , swelling in the face , inflammation of the eye which causes redness ( conjunctivitis ), painful , warm , or red lumps ( nodules ). yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eyes caused by high levels of bilirubin in your blood has been commonly reported . this side effect is usually not dangerous in adults and infants older than 3 months of age ; but it might be a symptom of a serious problem . if your skin or the white part of your eyes turns yellow , talk to your doctor immediately . changes in the way your heart beats ( heart rhythm change ) may occasionally happen . talk to your doctor immediately if you get dizzy , lightheaded or if you suddenly faint . these could be symptoms of a serious heart problem . liver problems may uncommonly happen . your doctor should do blood tests prior you start reyataz and during treatment . if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c infection , you may experience a worsening of your liver problems . talk to your doctor immediately if you get dark ( tea - colored ) urine , itching , yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eyes , pain around the stomach , pale colored stools or nausea . gallbladder problems uncommonly happen in people taking reyataz . symptoms of gallbladder problems may include pain in the right or middle upper stomach area , nausea , vomiting , fever or yellowing your skin or the white part of your eyes . reyataz may affect how well your kidneys work . kidney stones uncommonly happen in people taking reyataz . talk to your doctor immediately if you get symptoms of kidney stones which may include , pain in your low back or low stomach - area , blood in your urine or pain when you urinate . other side effects reported for patients treated with reyataz are the following : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain ( stomach pain of discomfort ), nausea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ) fatigue ( extreme tiredness ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): peripheral neuropathy ( numbness , weakness , tingling or pain in the arms and legs ) hypersensitivity ( allergic reaction ) asthenia ( unusual tiredness or weakness ) weight decreased , weight gain , anorexia ( loss of appetite ), appetite increased depression , anxiety , sleep disorder disorientation , amnesia ( loss of memory ), dizziness , somnolence ( sleepiness ), abnormal dream syncope ( fainting ), hypertension ( high blood pressure ) dyspnoea ( shortness of breath ) pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ), gastritis ( inflammation of the stomach ), stomatitis aphthous ( mouth ulcers and cold sores ), dysgeusia ( impairment of the sense of taste ), flatulence ( wind ), dry mouth , abdominal distension angioedema ( severe swelling of the skin and other tissues most often the lips or the eyes ) alopecia ( unusual hair loss or thinning ), pruritus ( itching ) 102 muscle atrophy ( muscle shrinkage ), arthralgia ( joint pain ), myalgia ( aching muscles ) interstitial nephritis ( kidney inflammation ), haematuria ( blood in the urine ), proteinuria ( excess protein in the urine ), pollakiuria ( increased frequency of urination ) gynaecomastia ( breast enlargement in men ) chest pain , malaise ( generally feeling unwell ), fever insomnia ( difficulty sleeping ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): gait disturbance ( abnormal manner of walking ) oedema ( swelling ) hepatosplenomegaly ( enlargement of the liver and spleen ) myopathy ( aching muscles , muscle tenderness of weakness , not caused by exercise ) kidney pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a short time . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth , constipation fatigue common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) lack of appetite trouble sleeping , feeling agitated , less sex drive , anxiety , difficulty sleeping headache , dizziness , feeling sluggish , feeling sleepy , tremor , numbness , including numbness , pricking or tingling of the skin blurred eyesight feeling of dizziness or " spinning " ( vertigo ) increased blood pressure , flushing diarrhoea , stomach pain , being sick ( vomiting ), heartburn or indigestion increased sweating weakness , shivering uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) throat inflammation that causes a hoarse voice allergic reactions decreased thyroid gland activity which can cause tiredness or weight gain dehydration grinding or clenching the teeth , feeling disorientated , lack of motivation , difficulty or failure to experience orgasm , unusual dreams feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , poor sleep quality large pupils ( the dark centre of the eye ), problems with eyesight , eyes feel dry tinnitus ( hearing sound in the ear when there is no external sound ), ear pain feeling the heart pumping in the chest , fast and / or irregular heart beat fainting increased yawning vomiting blood , or black tarry stools ( faeces ), gastroenteritis , inflammation of the mouth , burping , difficulty swallowing , breaking wind , bad breath inflammation of the liver that may cause abdominal pain and yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( itchy ) rash , night sweats , hives , cold sweats , increased tendency to bruise muscle pain , muscle tightness , muscle spasm , contraction of the jaw muscle difficulty to start urinating , painful urination , needing to pass urine during the night , frequent urination , abnormal urine odour 37 abnormal vaginal bleeding , menopausal symptoms chest pain , feeling cold , thirst , feeling hot weight loss , weight gain yentreve may cause effects that you may not be aware of , such as increases in liver enzymes or blood levels of potassium , creatine phosphokinase , sugar , or cholesterol rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or dizziness with swollen tongue or lips low levels of sodium in the blood ( mostly in elderly people ; the symptoms may include feeling dizzy , weak , confused , sleepy or very tired , or feeling or being sick , more serious symptoms are fainting , fits or falls ), syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti - diuretic hormone ( siadh ) suicidal behaviour , suicidal thoughts , mania ( over activity , racing thoughts and decreased need for sleep ), hallucinations , aggression and anger " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), fits , sudden involuntary jerks or twitches of the muscles , sensation of restlessness or an inability to sit or stand still , difficulty controlling movement e . g . lack of coordination or involuntary movements of the muscles , restless legs syndrome increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) dizziness , lightheadedness or fainting on standing up , cold fingers and / or toes throat tightness , nose bleeds coughing , wheezing and shortness of breath which may be accompanied by a high temperature passing bright red blood in your stools , inflammation of the large intestine ( leading to diarrhoea ) liver failure , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( serious illness with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ), serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ), sensitivity to sunlight muscle twitching difficulty or inability to pass urine , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow abnormal periods , including heavy , painful , irregular or prolonged periods , unusually light or missed periods , abnormal production of breast milk excessive vaginal bleeding shortly after birth ( postpartum haemorrhage ) falls ( mostly in elderly people ), abnormal gait very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor of pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : - severely elevated blood pressure : if you get headaches , especially sudden , stabbing , migraine - like headaches , confusion , speech disturbance , unsteady walking , fits or convulsions , tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure ( common in patients with chronic renal failure , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), even if your blood pressure is usually normal or low . it needs to be treated at once . - allergic reactions : allergic reactions such as skin rash , raised areas of the skin that itch and severe allergic reactions with weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing and swelling of the face have been reported ( not known , frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you think you are having this type of reaction , you must stop your biopoin injection and get medical help immediately . - serious skin rashes : serious skin rashes including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using biopoin if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . you may experience the following additional side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache ; - high blood pressure ; - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , feeling of weakness , tiredness ; - skin reactions , such as rash , itching or reactions around the injection site . common in patients with chronic renal failure ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood clot in the arterio - venous fistula in patients on dialysis . common in cancer patients ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - joint pain . not known in patients with chronic renal failure ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cases of a condition called pure red cell aplasia ( prca ) have been reported . prca means that the body has stopped or reduced the production of red blood cells which causes severe anaemia . if your doctor suspects or confirms that you have this condition , you must not be treated with biopoin or another epoetin . not known in cancer patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - thromboembolic events , e . g . increase in blood clots . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some severe allergic reactions ( such as anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly in patients receiving lyxumia . you should seek immediate medical attention if you experience symptoms like swelling of the face , tongue or throat which causes difficulty with breathing . stop taking lyxumia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). the most frequent side effects reported with lyxumia that may affect more than 1 in 10 users ( frequency very common ) were nausea ( feeling sick ) and vomiting . these side effects were mostly mild and usually go away over time . other side effects include very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people diarrhoea headache low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia (" hypo ") especially when lyxumia is used with insulin or a sulphonylurea the warning signs of low blood sugar may include cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , feeling drowsy , weak , dizzy , confused or irritable , feeling hungry , fast heart beat and feeling jittery . your doctor will tell you what to do if you get a low blood sugar . this is more likely to happen if you also take a sulphonylurea or a basal insulin . your doctor may reduce your dose of these medicines before you start using lyxumia . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people flu ( influenza ) cold ( upper respiratory tract infection ) feeling dizzy indigestion ( dyspepsia ) back pain cystitis viral infection low blood sugar ( when lyxumia is taken with metformin ) drowsiness ( somnolence ) injection site reactions ( such as itching ). uncommon side effect : may affect up to 1 in 100 people hives ( urticaria ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when dovprela is used together with linezolid and bedaquiline the following side effects have been reported : contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : 32 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) reduced number of red blood cells possible signs are feeling tired , weakness , shortness of breath , loss of consciousness and increased thirst . increased blood levels of liver enzymes called - gamma gt ( indicating how well your liver is working ) - transaminase such as alt , ast tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as fatigue , lack or loss of appetite , nausea , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine or abdominal pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduced number of white blood cells or platelets possible signs are bruising , bleeding or infections . increased blood level of lactic acid contact your doctor if you have recurrent nausea or vomiting . other side effects may occur with following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea , vomiting , indigestion abdominal pain acne , itching skin , rash decreased appetite nerve problems in the hands or feet , such as pain , burning , abnormal sensation or numbness muscle and skeleton pain , such as joint pain , back pain , muscle pain increased blood levels : - amylase - a liver enzyme called gamma gt ( indicating how well your liver is working ) - liver enzymes called transaminase such as alt , ast common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sleeping difficulties weakness , fatigue taste disturbance dizziness muscle spasm diarrhoea , constipation inflammation of stomach lining , pancreas inflammation reflux of stomach juices in the oesophagus hair loss , dry skin irritation or pain of the eye , vision problems optic nerve damage and / or inflammation with swellings and visual disturbances abnormal electrical activity of the heart ( prolonged electrocardiogram qt interval ) increased blood levels : - bilirubin , which is the yellow breakdown substance of the blood pigment - lipase - alkaline phosphatase - creatine phosphokinase - urea decreased blood sugar level uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal ( including candida yeast fungi ) infection in the mouth or throat , which appears as white patches fungal infection 33 too much fluid loss , reduced body fluid volume anxiety , depression enlarged liver yellowing of the skin , internal organs and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) eye lens disorder , dry eye worsening ability to focus clearly on close objects eye itching , eye swelling optic disc swelling ( leading to loss of vision ) deafness feeling of increased heartbeat increased heartbeat low blood pressure cough , nosebleed feeling bloated burning tongue , enlargement of the small , nipple - like structures on the upper surface of the tongue eczema , excessive skin pigmentation muscles and skeleton stiffness inability to have or maintain an erection womb bleeding at irregular intervals , particularly between the expected menstrual periods feeling unwell abnormal presence of the protein albumin in the urine vomiting blood acidity of the blood decreased elimination of the muscle tissue breakdown product creatinine through kidneys lack of white and red blood cells , and blood platelets decreased blood levels : - calcium - magnesium increased blood levels : - creatinine and creatine phosphokinase - uric acid reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . like other similar medicines ( medicines to reduce blood clotting ), lixiana may cause bleeding which may potentially be life - threatening . in some cases the bleeding may not be obvious . if you experience any bleeding event that does not stop by itself or if you experience signs of excessive bleeding ( exceptional weakness , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache or unexplained swelling ) consult your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . overall list of possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach ache ; abnormal liver blood tests ; bleeding from the skin or under the skin ; anaemia ( low levels of red blood cells ); bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from the vagina ; rash ; bleeding in the bowel ; bleeding from the mouth and / or throat ; blood found in your urine ; bleeding following an injury ( puncture ); bleeding in the stomach ; dizziness ; feeling sick ; headache ; itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bleeding in the eyes ; bleeding from a surgical wound following an operation ; blood in the spit when coughing ; bleeding in the brain ; other types of bleeding ; reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can affect clotting ); allergic reaction ; hives . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): bleeding in the muscles ; bleeding in joints ; bleeding in the abdomen ; bleeding in the heart ; bleeding inside the skull ; bleeding following a surgical procedure ; allergic shock ; swelling of any part of the body due to allergic reaction . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice the following serious side effects : sudden difficulty in breathing together with a cough or fever - this may be a sign of inflamed lungs ( a condition called ' interstitial lung disease '). most cases can be treated but some cases have been fatal . your doctor may wish to stop tagrisso if you get this side effect . this side effect is common : it may affect up to 1 in 10 people . if you develop watery eyes , sensitivity to light , eye pain , eye redness , or vision changes . this side effect is uncommon : it may affect up to 1 in 100 people . stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . this side effect is rare : it may affect up to 1 in 1000 people . see also section 2 . target lesions , which are skin reactions that look like rings ( suggestive of erythema multiforme ). this side effect is uncommon : it may affect up to 1 in 100 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice the serious side effects listed above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea - this may come and go during treatment . tell your doctor if your diarrhoea does not go away or becomes severe . skin and nail problems - signs may include pain , itching , dry skin , rash , redness around the fingernails . this is more likely in areas exposed to the sun . using moisturisers regularly on your skin and nails can help with this . tell your doctor if your skin or nail problems get worse . stomatitis - inflammation of the inner lining of the mouth . reduction in the number of white blood cells ( leukocytes , lymphocytes or neutrophils ). reduction in the number of platelets in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : 29 severe allergic reactions that could include sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue , difficulty swallowing or breathing or a severe rash or other severe skin reactions , or a decrease in blood pressure ( which could make you feel faint or dizzy ). such reactions may be life - threatening . diarrhoea that keeps getting worse or does not go away , or stools that contains blood or mucus this may happen during or after treatment with vaborem is stopped . it may be due to bacteria called clostridium difficile . if this happens , do not take medicines that stop or slow bowel movement . other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increase in the number of platelets ( a type of blood cell ) shown in blood tests decrease in the amount of potassium or sugar - seen in blood tests headache low blood pressure diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) swelling , redness and / or pain around the needle where the medicine is given into a vein fever increase in the amount of enzymes produced by your liver called alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase shown in blood tests increase in the level of an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase that may be a sign of your liver , gallbladder or bones working less well shown in blood tests increase in the level of an enzyme called lactate dehydrogenase that may be a sign of damage to some of your body organs shown in blood tests uncommon : ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling and irritation in the large intestine or colon this can cause diarrhoea , fever and stomach cramps and is due to another colon infection fungal infections , including those of the vagina or mouth decrease in the number of white blood cells or some types of white blood cells called neutrophils and a decrease of platelets shown in blood tests increase in a type of white blood cell called eosinophils shown in blood tests sudden and serious allergic reaction that needs urgent medical treatment and may include itching , skin color change , abdominal cramps , swelling , difficulty breathing , fainting and drop in blood pressure less severe allergic reaction that may include redness , red bumps , flaking of the skin , itching , generally feeling unwell a feeling of being less hungry increase in the amount of potassium or sugar shown in blood tests inability to sleep seeing , hearing or sensing things that are not there feeling dizzy tremor or shaking a tingling feeling ( pins and needles ) a feeling of being sleepy and sluggish swollen and red and irritated veins painful veins difficulty breathing bloating or a feeling of fullness in your abdomen stomach pain itchy skin rash 30 raised itchy skin rash (" hives ") difficulty to control the bladder reduction in the way your kidneys work abnormal feeling in the chest the following reactions may develop , alone or in combination , where vaborem is given into a vein : reddened skin ( erythema ); hot , tender and swollen vein around the needle ( phlebitis ); a blood clot in the vein where the needle was put through your skin ( infusion site thrombosis ) pain increase in the level of a substance in the blood called creatine phosphokinase that is a sign of possible damage to certain tissues such as your muscles and / or other organs shown in blood tests increase in the level of a substance in the blood called bilirubin that is a sign of possible damage to your red blood cells or that your liver is working less well shown in blood tests increase in the level of some types of substances in the blood called urea and creatinine that are signs that your kidneys are working less well shown in blood tests reaction that occurs during or shortly after vaborem is given that presents as a malaise ( generally feeling unwell ) possibly with any of the following : reduced blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , abdominal cramps , fever , flushing , rapid heart beats or difficulty to breathe , headache rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) seizures ( fits ) unknown : ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a severe and very low white blood cell count shown in blood tests haemolytic anaemia ( a condition where red blood cells are damaged and reduced in number ), which may make you feel tired and turn your skin and eyes yellow swelling of the tongue , face , lips or throat sudden onset of a severe rash with bullseye - like spots or blistering or peeling skin , possibly with a high fever , joint pain , abnormal function of your liver , kidney or lung ( these may be signs of more serious medical conditions called toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , erythema multiforme or a condition known as drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress )) a positive result from a test called " coombs " used to identify haemolytic anemia ( see above ) or reaction of your immune system to vaborem reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache joint pain feeling dizzy feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) aching or tender muscles , not caused by exercise abnormal reading on the electrocardiogram called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor right away if you faint . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel teva alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of docetaxel teva may be increased when docetaxel teva is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions may occur ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing 98 fever or chills back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of docetaxel teva the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots acute myeloid leukemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when docetaxel therapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , potassium , magnesium , and / or calcium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ) ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , dizziness , and / or fainting ). some of these symptoms can be serious . if this happens , you must tell your doctor immediately injection site reactions at the site of a previous reaction non - hodgkin lymphoma ( a cancer affecting the immune system ) and other cancers may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects in women a complication with fsh treatment is hyperstimulation of the ovaries . ovarian overstimulation may develop into a medical condition called ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ), which can be a serious medical problem . the risk can be reduced by careful monitoring of follicular development during treatment . your doctor will do ultrasound scans of your ovaries to carefully monitor the number of maturing follicles . your doctor may also check blood hormone levels . pain in the stomach , feeling sick or diarrhoea are the first symptoms . in more severe cases symptoms may include enlargement of the ovaries , accumulation of fluid in the abdomen and / or chest ( which may cause sudden weight gain due to fluid buildup ) and the occurrence of blood clots in the circulation . see warnings and precautions in section 2 . contact your doctor immediately if you are experiencing stomach pains , or any of the other symptoms of ovarian hyperstimulation , also if this occurs some days after the last injection . if you are a woman : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - injection site reactions ( such as bruising , pain , redness , swelling and itching ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) - pelvic pain - stomach pain and / or bloating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - breast complaints ( including tenderness ) 75 - diarrhoea , constipation or stomach discomfort - enlargement of the uterus - feeling sick - hypersensitivity reactions ( such as rash , redness , hives and itching ) - ovarian cysts or enlargement of the ovaries - ovarian torsion ( twisting of the ovaries ) - vaginal bleeding rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots ( this may also occur in the absence of unwanted overstimulation of the ovaries , see warnings and precautions in section 2 ) pregnancy outside the uterus ( an ectopic pregnancy ), miscarriage and multiple pregnancies have also been reported . these side effects are not considered to be related to the use of puregon , but to assisted reproductive technology ( art ) or subsequent pregnancy . if you are a man : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - acne - injection site reactions ( such as hardening and pain ) - headache - rash - some breast development - testicular cyst reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects reported during clinical trials with shingrix : very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): headache stomach and digestive complaints ( including nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or stomach pain ) muscle pain ( myalgia ) pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given feeling tired , chills , fever common ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): itching where the injection is given ( pruritus ) generally feeling unwell uncommon ( these may occur with up to 1 in 100 doses of vaccine ) swollen glands in the neck , armpit or groin joint pain most of these side effects are mild to moderate in intensity and are not long - lasting . adults aged 50 - 69 years may experience more side effects compared to adults aged ≥ 70 years . side effects reported after the marketing of shingrix : rare ( these may occur with up to 1 in 1 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) allergic reactions including rash , hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking zykadia and seek medical help immediately if you experience any of the following , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps 71 some side effects could be serious if you experience any of the following side effects , tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately : chest pain or discomfort , changes in your heartbeat ( fast or slow ), light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , blue discoloration of your lips , shortness of breath , swelling of your lower limbs or skin ( potential signs or symptoms of heart problems ) new or worsening cough with or without mucus , fever , chest pain , trouble breathing or shortness of breath ( potential signs of lung problems ) tiredness , itchy skin , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , nausea ( feeling sick ) or vomiting , decreased appetite , pain on the right side of your abdomen ( belly ), dark or brown urine , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ( potential signs or symptoms of liver problems ) severe diarrhoea , nausea or vomiting excessive thirst , increased frequency of urination ( symptoms of high level of glucose in the blood ) severe upper stomach pain ( sign of inflammation of the pancreas , also known as pancreatitis ) other possible side effects other side effects are listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tiredness ( fatigue and asthenia ) abnormal results of blood tests to check liver function ( high levels of enzymes called alanine aminotransferase and / or aspartate aminotransferase and / or gamma glutamyltransferase and / or blood alkaline phosphatase , high levels of bilirubin ) abdominal pain decreased appetite weight decreased constipation rash abnormal results of blood tests to check kidney function ( high level of creatinine ) heartburn ( potential sign of a disorder of the digestive tract ) reduction in the number of red blood cells , known as anaemia common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vision problems low level of phosphate in the blood ( this would be detected during blood tests ) high level of enzymes called lipase and / or amylase in the blood ( this would be detected during blood tests ) significantly decreased urine flow ( potential sign of a kidney problem ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people feeling very tired ( fatigue ) headache common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea feeling weak or lack of energy ( asthenia ) 38 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat , abdomen , arms or legs not known : cannot be estimated from the available data itching reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) or common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rapid weight gain . imatinib accord may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). signs of infection such as fever , severe chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers . imatinib accord can reduce the number of white blood cells , so you might get infections more easily . unexpected bleeding or bruising ( when you have not hurt yourself ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain , irregular heart rhythm ( signs of heart problems ). cough , having difficulty breathing or painful breathing ( signs of lung problems ). feeling light - headed , dizzy or fainting ( signs of low blood pressure ). feeling sick ( nausea ), with loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). rash , red skin with blisters on the lips , eyes , skin or mouth , peeling skin , fever , raised red or purple skin patches , itching , burning sensation , pustular eruption ( signs of skin problems ). severe abdominal pain , blood in your vomit , stools or urine , black stools ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ). severely decreased urine output , feeling thirsty ( signs of kidney problems ). feeling sick ( nausea ) with diarrhoea and vomiting , abdominal pain or fever ( signs of bowel problems ). severe headache , weakness or paralysis of limbs or face , difficulty speaking , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems such as bleeding or swelling in skull / brain ). pale skin , feeling tired and breathlessness and having dark urine ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). eye pain or deterioration in vision , bleeding in the eyes . pain in your hips or difficulty walking . numb or cold toes and fingers ( signs of raynaud ' s syndrome ). sudden swelling and redness of the skin ( signs of a skin infection called cellulitis ). difficulty hearing . muscle weakness and spasms with an abnormal heart rhythm ( signs of changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ). bruising . stomach pain with feeling sick ( nausea ). muscle spasms with a fever , red - brown urine , pain or weakness in your muscles ( signs of muscle problems ). pelvic pain sometimes with nausea and vomiting , with unexpected vaginal bleeding , feeling dizzy or fainting due to low blood pressure ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ). nausea , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , tiredness and / or joint discomfort associated with abnormal laboratory test results ( e . g . high potassium , uric acid and calcium levels and low phosphorous levels in the blood ). blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 49 combination of a widespread severe rash , feeling sick , fever , high level of certain white blood cells or yellow skin or eyes ( signs of jaundice ) with breathlessness , chest pain / discomfort , severely decreased urine output and feeling thirsty etc . ( signs of a treatment - related allergic reaction ). chronic renal failure recurrence ( reactivation ) of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you get any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache or feeling tired . feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or indigestion . rash . muscle cramps or joint , muscle or bone pain , during imatinib accord treatment or after you have stopped taking imatinib accord . swelling such as round your ankles or puffy eyes . weight gain . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anorexia , weight loss or a disturbed sense of taste . feeling dizzy or weak . difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ). discharge from the eye with itching , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ), watery eyes or having blurred vision . nose bleeds . pain or swelling in your abdomen , flatulence , heartburn or constipation . itching . unusual hair loss or thinning . numbness of the hands or feet . mouth ulcers . joint pain with swelling . dry mouth , dry skin or dry eye . decreased or increased skin sensitivity . hot flushes , chills or night sweats . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reddening and / or swelling on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . painful and / or blistering skin lesions . slowing of growth in children and adolescents . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . reporting of side effects 50 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions are possible with this medicine . if sudden and severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylactic reactions ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor or an emergency unit immediately if you have early signs of an allergic reaction such as : difficulty in swallowing or breathing shortness of breath or wheezing chest tightness redness and / or swelling of the lips , tongue , face or hands rash , hives , weals or itching pale and cold skin , fast heartbeat , and / or dizziness ( low blood pressure ). the following side effects have been observed with refixia : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) itching ( pruritus ) skin reactions at the site of injection feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling very tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). this may become severe and could be life - threatening ( anaphylactic reactions ) heart palpitations hot flush . side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) neutralising antibodies ( inhibitors ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : swelling or puffiness , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . nausea and headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection . general aches and pains in the joints and muscles . some changes may occur in your blood , but these will be detected by routine blood tests . your white blood cell count may become high for a short period of time . your platelet count may become low which might result in bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic - type reactions , including redness and flushing , skin rash , and raised areas of the skin that itch . serious allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ). increased spleen size . spleen rupture . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor . sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and neck with fever ) has occurred but other factors may play a role . cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). damage to the tiny filters inside your kidneys ( glomerulonephritis ). redness at the site of injection . coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ). stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using pelmeg if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) could potentially occur . these may be serious and require that you contact your doctor immediately . with administration of eylea , there may be some side effects affecting the eyes which are due to the injection procedure . some of these may be serious and include blindness , a serious infection or inflammation inside the eye ( endophthalmitis ), detachment , tear or bleeding of the light - sensitive layer at the back of the eye ( retinal detachment or tear ), clouding of the lens ( cataract ), bleeding in the eye ( vitreous haemorrhage ), detachment of the gel - like substance inside the eye from the retina ( vitreous detachment ) and increase of pressure inside the eye , see section 2 . these serious side effects affecting the eyes occurred in less than 1 in 1 , 900 injections in clinical studies . if you experience a sudden decrease in vision , or an increase in pain and redness in your eye after your injection , contact your doctor immediately . list of side effects reported the following is a list of the side effects reported to be possibly related to the injection procedure or to the medicine . please do not get alarmed , you might not experience any of these . always discuss any suspected side effects with your doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - deterioration of eyesight - bloodshot eye caused by bleeding from small blood vessels in the outer layers of the eye - eye pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - detachment or tear of one of the layers in the back of the eye , resulting in flashes of light with floaters sometimes progressing to a loss of vision ( retinal pigment epithelial tear */ detachment , retinal detachment / tear ) - degeneration of the retina ( causing disturbed vision ) - bleeding in the eye ( vitreous haemorrhage ) - certain forms of clouding of the lens ( cataract ) - damage to the front layer of the eyeball ( the cornea ) - increase in eye pressure - moving spots in vision ( floaters ) - detachment of the gel - like substance inside the eye from the retina ( vitreous detachment , resulting in flashes of light with floaters ) - a feeling of having something in the eye - increased tear production - swelling of the eyelid - bleeding at the injection site - redness of the eye * conditions known to be associated with wet amd ; observed in wet amd patients only . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity )** - serious inflammation or infection inside the eye ( endophthalmitis ) - inflammation in the iris or other parts of the eye ( iritis , uveitis , iridocyclitis , anterior chamber flare ) - abnormal sensation in the eye - eyelid irritation 83 - swelling of the front layer of the eyeball ( cornea ) ** allergic reactions like rash , itching ( pruritus ), hives ( urticaria ), and a few cases of severe allergy ( anaphylactic / anaphylactoid ) reactions were reported . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blindness - clouding of the lens due to injury ( traumatic cataract ) - inflammation of the gel - like substance inside the eye - pus in the eye in the clinical trials , there was an increased incidence of bleeding from small blood vessels in the outer layers of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ) in patients with wet amd receiving blood thinners . this increased incidence was comparable between patients treated with ranibizumab and eylea . the systemic use of vegf inhibitors , substances similar to those contained in eylea , is potentially related to the risk of blood clots blocking blood vessels ( arterial thromboembolic events ) which may lead to heart attack or stroke . there is a theoretical risk of such events following injection of eylea into the eye . as with all therapeutic proteins , there is a possibility for an immune reaction ( formation of antibodies ) with eylea . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are allergic reactions or anaphylactic shock ( an uncommon , severe allergic reaction affecting blood pressure and breathing ). if allergic or anaphylactic reactions occur , stop the injection / infusion immediately and speak to your doctor at once . any of the following symptoms during injection / infusion can be an early warning for allergic and anaphylactic reactions : chest tightness / general feeling of being unwell dizziness mild hypotension ( mildly reduced blood pressure , which may make you feel faint upon standing ) nausea for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form uncommonly ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . other possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): lymph nodes enlarged ( swelling under the skin of the neck , armpit or groin ) heart palpitations ( feeling your heart beating hard , rapidly , or irregularly ) rapid heartbeat stomach pain or discomfort indigestion fever chest pain or discomfort local reactions where you injected the medication ( e . g . bleeding under the skin , intense itching , swelling , burning sensation , temporary redness ) headache dizziness trouble falling asleep rash / itchy rash 28 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 users ): allergic reactions including severe sudden allergic reaction dysgeusia ( strange taste ) urticaria ( itchy rash ) flushing ( redness of the face ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . adults common these may affect up to 1 in 10 people - headache - dizziness - constipation and diarrhoea . uncommon these may affect up to 1 in 100 people - high or low blood pressure - abnormal heart rate or lack of blood flow to the heart - change in the color of the vein and / or veins becoming larger - abnormally high or low levels of potassium in the blood - high levels of sugar in the blood or sugar in the urine 24 - low levels of calcium in the blood - high levels of the pigment bilirubin in the blood - high levels of certain liver enzymes - elevated moods or feeling of anxiousness - sleepiness or trouble sleeping - decrease or loss of appetite - weakness , tiredness , fever or flu like symptoms - numbness , burning , prickling or tingling sensations on the skin - itchy skin rash - impaired vision or eye irritation - motion sickness - ringing in the ear - hiccups , flatulence , dry mouth or indigestion - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - difficulty urinating - joint pain - electrocardiogram abnormalities ( qt prolongation ) very rare these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people allergic reactions to palonosetron accord the signs may include swelling of the lips , face , tongue or throat , having difficulty breathing or collapsing , you could also notice an itchy , lumpy rash ( hives ), burning or pain at the site of injection . children and adolescents common these may affect up to 1 in 10 people - headache uncommon these may affect up to 1 in 100 people - dizziness - jerky body movement - abnormal heart rate - cough and shortness of breath - nose bleed - itchy skin rash or hives - fever - pain at the site of infusion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects are bleeding from the stomach or lower bowel ( uncommon ). this may show as either fresh or altered blood in your vomit , or when from the lower bowel , as a black stool or with blood mixed in your stool . constipation is common and if you suffer from persistent or worsening constipation please tell your doctor or pharmacist as this may be the first sign of blockage of your intestines . the following side effects have also been seen in patients taking bindren : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects : feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , a burning sensation in your stomach , diarrhoea , bloating , stomach ache and bowel pain , gas , a decreased appetite and low blood calcium . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects : low blood pressure , weakness , thirst , headache , dizziness , shaking , dry mouth , swallowing difficulties , change in taste sensation , heartburn , hardening of the stool , inflammation or pain of the stomach or bowel , change in bowel habit , sleeplessness , itching , dry skin , rash , hives , itching red spots , collection of blood ( haematoma ) e . g . under the skin , joint pain , back pain , pain in limbs , muscle pain or spasms , increased blood levels of parathyroid hormone ( a protein ), certain blood fats and liver enzymes and a low level of folate ( a vitamin ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) side effects : blockage of intestines , a low level of vitamin k , obstruction of the blood vessels that supply the heart muscle and swelling of the ankles or extremities . reporting of side effects 47 if you get any side effects , talk to you doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience blood clots in the veins , especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . have dementia and experience a sudden change in your mental state or sudden weakness or numbness of your face , arms or legs , especially on one side , or slurred speech , even for a short period of time . these may be signs of a stroke . experience fever , muscle stiffness , sweating or a lowered level of consciousness ( a disorder called " neuroleptic malignant syndrome "). immediate medical treatment may be needed . are a man and experience prolonged or painful erection . this is called priapism . immediate medical treatment may be needed . experience involuntary rhythmic movements of the tongue , mouth and face . withdrawal of paliperidone may be needed . experience a severe allergic reaction characterised by fever , swollen mouth , face , lip or tongue , shortness of breath , itching , skin rash and sometimes drop in blood pressure ( amounting to an ' anaphylactic reaction '). very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people difficulty falling or staying asleep parkinsonism : this condition may include slow or impaired movement , sensation of stiffness or tightness of the muscles ( making your movements jerky ), and sometimes even a sensation of movement " freezing up " and then restarting . other signs of parkinsonism include a slow shuffling walk , a tremor while at rest , increased saliva and / or drooling , and a loss of expression on the face . restlessness feeling sleepy or less alert headache . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people infection of the chest ( bronchitis ), common cold symptoms , sinus infection , urinary tract infection , feeling like you have the flu weight gain , increased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite elated mood ( mania ), irritability , depression , anxiety dystonia : this is a condition involving slow or sustained involuntary contraction of muscles . while it can involve any part of the body ( and may result in abnormal posture ), dystonia often involves muscles of the face , including abnormal movements of the eyes , mouth , tongue or jaw . dizziness dyskinesia : this is a condition involving involuntary muscle movements , and can include repetitive , spastic or writhing movements , or twitching . tremor ( shaking ) blurry vision an interruption in conduction between the upper and lower parts of the heart , abnormal electrical conduction of the heart , prolongation of the qt interval from your heart , slow heart rate , rapid heart rate low blood pressure upon standing ( consequently , some people taking invega may feel faint , dizzy , or may pass out when they stand up or sit up suddenly ), high blood pressure sore throat , cough , stuffy nose abdominal pain , abdominal discomfort , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , dry mouth , toothache increased liver transaminases in your blood itching , rash bone or muscle ache , back pain , joint pain loss of menstrual periods fever , weakness , fatigue ( tiredness ). uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people pneumonia , infection of the breathing passages , bladder infection , ear infection , tonsillitis white blood cell count decreased , decrease in platelets ( blood cells that help you stop bleeding ), anaemia , decrease in red blood cells invega can raise your levels of a hormone called " prolactin " found on a blood test ( which may or may not cause symptoms ). when symptoms of high prolactin occur , they may include : ( in men ) breast swelling , difficulty in getting or maintaining erections , or other sexual dysfunction , ( in women ) breast discomfort , leakage of milk from the breasts , missed menstrual periods , or other problems with your cycle . diabetes or worsening diabetes , high blood sugar , increased waist size , loss of appetite resulting in malnutrition and low body weight , high blood triglycerides ( a fat ) sleep disorder , confusion , decreased sexual drive , inability to reach orgasm , nervousness , nightmares tardive dyskinesia ( twitching or jerking movements that you cannot control in your face , tongue , or other parts of your body ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience involuntary rhythmic movements of the tongue , mouth and face . withdrawal of invega may be needed . convulsion ( fits ), fainting , a restless urge to move parts of your body , dizziness upon standing , disturbance in attention , problems with speech , loss or abnormal sense of taste , reduced sensation of skin to pain and touch , a sensation of tingling , pricking , or numbness of skin oversensitivity of the eyes to light , eye infection or " pink eye ", dry eye a sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , ear pain irregular heartbeat , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( electrocardiogram or ecg ), a fluttering or pounding feeling in your chest ( palpitations ) low blood pressure shortness of breath , wheezing , nosebleeds swollen tongue , stomach or intestinal infection , difficulty swallowing , excessive passing of gas or wind increased ggt ( a liver enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood hives ( or " nettle rash "), hair loss , eczema , acne an increase of cpk ( creatine phosphokinase ) in your blood , an enzyme which is sometimes released with muscle breakdown , muscle spasms , joint stiffness , joint swelling , muscle weakness , neck pain incontinence ( lack of control ) of urine , frequent passing of urine , inability to pass urine , pain when passing urine erectile dysfunction , ejaculation disorder missed menstrual periods or other problems with your cycle ( females ), leakage of milk from the breasts , sexual dysfunction , breast pain , breast discomfort swelling of the face , mouth , eyes , or lips , swelling of the body , arms or legs chills , an increase in body temperature a change in the way you walk feeling thirsty chest pain , chest discomfort , feeling unwell fall . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people eye infection , fungal infection of the nails , infection of the skin , skin inflammation caused by mites dangerously low numbers of a certain type of white blood cell needed to fight infection in your blood decrease in the type of white blood cells that help to protect you against infection , increase in eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood severe allergic reaction characterised by fever , swollen mouth , face , lip or tongue , shortness of breath , itching , skin rash and sometimes drop in blood pressure , allergic reaction sugar in the urine 50 inappropriate secretion of a hormone that controls urine volume life threatening complications of uncontrolled diabetes dangerously excessive intake of water , low blood sugar , excessive drinking of water , increased cholesterol in your blood sleep walking not moving or responding while awake ( catatonia ) lack of emotion neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( confusion , reduced or loss of consciousness , high fever , and severe muscle stiffness ) loss of consciousness , balance disorder , abnormal coordination blood vessel problems in the brain , coma due to uncontrolled diabetes , unresponsive to stimuli , low level of consciousness , shaking of the head glaucoma ( increased pressure within the eyeball ), increased tears , redness of the eyes , problems with movement of your eyes , eye rolling atrial fibrillation ( an abnormal heart rhythm ), rapid heartbeat upon standing blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately decreased oxygen in parts of your body ( because of decreased blood flow ), flushing trouble breathing during sleep ( sleep apnea ), fast , shallow breathing pneumonia caused by inhaling food , congestion of breathing passages , voice disorder a blockage in the bowels , stool incontinence , very hard stool , lack of bowel muscle movement that causes blockage yellowing of the skin and the eyes ( jaundice ) inflammation of the pancreas serious allergic reaction with swelling that may involve the throat and lead to difficulty breathing thickening of the skin , dry skin , skin redness , skin discolouration , flaky itchy scalp or skin , dandruff breakdown of muscle fibers and pain in muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ), abnormal posture priapism ( a prolonged penile erection that may require surgical treatment ) development of breasts in men , enlargement of the glands in your breasts , discharge from the breasts , vaginal discharge a delay in menstrual periods , breast enlargement very low body temperature , a decrease in body temperature symptoms of drug withdrawal . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data lung congestion increased insulin ( a hormone that controls blood sugar levels ) in your blood . the following side effects have been seen with the use of another medicine called risperidone that is very similar to paliperidone , so these can also be expected with invega : sleep - related eating disorder , other types of blood vessel problems in the brain and crackly lung sounds . eye problems during cataract surgery may also occur . during cataract surgery , a condition called intraoperative floppy iris syndrome ( ifis ) can happen if you take or have taken invega . if you need to have cataract surgery , be sure to tell your eye doctor if you take or have taken this medicine . additional side effects in adolescents adolescents generally experienced side effects that were similar to those seen in adults except the following side effects were seen more commonly : feeling sleepy or less alert parkinsonism : this condition may include slow or impaired movement , sensation of stiffness or tightness of the muscles ( making your movements jerky ), and sometimes even a sensation of movement " freezing up " and then restarting . other signs of parkinsonism include a slow 51 shuffling walk , a tremor while at rest , increased saliva and / or drooling , and a loss of expression on the face . weight gain common cold symptoms restlessness tremor ( shaking ) stomach pain leaking milk from the breasts in girls breast swelling in boys acne problems with speech stomach or intestinal infection nose bleeds ear infection high blood triglycerides ( a fat ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed during clinical trials and post - marketing surveillance : very serious side effects tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital if you experience the following side effect you may need urgent medical attention or hospitalisation : not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) swelling most apparent in the head and neck , including the face , lips , tongue , throat or any other part of the body ( angioedema ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ): difficulty in breathing , dizziness , a weak and rapid pulse and skin rash which are symptoms of an anaphylactic reaction ( a very severe allergic reaction ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ): painful disorders of the nerves , e . g . attacks of extreme pain in the face , throat or ear fits ( convulsions ) ( only observed with egg - derived influenza vaccines ) also , tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects you may need medical attention : very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ): skin rashes , fever , joint pain or kidney problems which are symptoms of an inflammation of the blood vessels fever , headache , vomiting and drowsiness progressing to coma or fits ( convulsions ) which are symptoms of an inflammation of the brain and spinal cord weakness beginning in the legs and progressing to the arms with numbness and tingling sensation which are symptoms of an inflammation of the nerves serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects you may need medical attention : not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) extensive swelling of injected limb very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ): bleeding or bruising which are symptoms of a low platelet count in the blood mild side effects not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): numbness and tingling sensation very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): flu - like symptoms such as headache , feeling of discomfort , tiredness , muscle pain . injection site pain , reddening . these reactions are usually mild and only last a few days . injection site pain and headache were common in the elderly . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): sweating , joint pain , chills , hardening or swelling at the site of the injection , bruising , fever , shivering gastrointestinal disorders such as abdominal pain , diarrhoea or disturbance of the digestive tract these reactions are usually mild and only last a few days . uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ): generalised skin reactions such as itching , bumps on the skin or non - specific rash rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ): swelling and pain of local lymphnodes fever greater than 39 . 0 reporting of side effects . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effects in patients receiving xofigo are - decrease in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ), - decrease in the number of neutrophils , a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia , which may lead to an increased risk of infection ). contact your doctor immediately if you notice the following symptoms as they may be signs of thrombocytopenia or neutropenia ( see above ): - any unusual bruising , - more bleeding than usual after injury , - fever , - or if you seem to be catching a lot of infections . your doctor will perform blood tests before starting treatment and before each injection to check your number of blood cells and platelets ( see also section 2 ). the most frequent side effects in patients receiving xofigo ( very common [ may affect more than 1 in 10 people ]) are : - diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , thrombocytopenia ( decrease in the number of blood platelets ) and bone fracture . risk of dehydration : tell your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms : dizziness , increased thirst , decreased urination or dry skin as these can all be symptoms of dehydration . it is important to avoid dehydration by drinking plenty of fluids . other possible side effects are listed below by how likely they are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) - decrease in the number of neutrophils , a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia , which may lead to an increased risk of infection ) - decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and blood platelets ( pancytopenia ) - injection site reactions ( e . g . redness of the skin [ erythema ], pain and swelling ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of lymphocytes , a type of white blood cells ( lymphopenia ) - weakened bones ( osteoporosis ) xofigo contributes to your overall long - term cumulative radiation exposure . long - term cumulative radiation exposure may increase your risk of developing cancer ( in particular of bone cancer and leukaemia ) and hereditary abnormalities . no cases of cancer caused by xofigo have been reported in clinical trials with a follow - up of up to three years . if you have symptoms of pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , a " heavy jaw feeling " or loosening of a tooth , please contact your doctor . cases of osteonecrosis of the jaw ( dead tissue in the jaw bone which is mainly seen in patients who have been treated with bisphosphonates ) have occurred in patients treated with xofigo . all these cases were only seen in patients receiving bisphosphonates prior to or at the same time of treatment with xofigo and chemotherapy prior to treatment with xofigo . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : swelling of the face , rash , generalised itching , hives , tightness of the chest , difficulty breathing , burning and stinging at the injection site , chills , flushing , headache , low blood pressure , general feeling of being unwell , nausea , restlessness and fast heartbeat , feeling dizzy or loss of consciousness . for children previously untreated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however , patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens the medicines may stop working properly and you may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache , dizziness , taste alteration , slow heartbeat , high blood pressure , hot flushes , vascular pain after injection , cough , lower abdominal pain , rash , joint swelling , muscle pain , back pain , joint pain , general discomfort , chest pain , feeling cold , feeling hot and low blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking xigduo and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) xigduo may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following side effects : diabetic ketoacidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight loss - feeling sick or being sick - stomach pain - excessive thirst - fast and deep breathing - confusion - unusual sleepiness or tiredness - a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with xigduo . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the genitals or the area between the genitals and the anus , seen very rarely . stop taking xigduo and see a doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious effects : dehydration : loss of too much fluid from your body , seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). these are signs of dehydration : - very dry or sticky mouth , feeling very thirsty - feeling very sleepy or tired - passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract : - fever and / or chills - burning sensation when passing water ( urinating ) - pain in your back or side . although uncommon , if you see blood in your urine , tell your doctor immediately . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following side effects : low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood , such as insulin . these are the signs of low blood sugar : - shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat - feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have symptoms of low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . other side effects include : very common nausea , vomiting diarrhoea or stomach ache loss of appetite common genital infection ( thrush ) of your penis or vagina ( signs may include irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) back pain discomfort when passing water ( urine ), passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment changes in taste dizziness rash 59 uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) very rare decreased vitamin b12 levels in the blood abnormalities in liver function tests , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) redness of the skin ( erythema ), itching or an itchy rash ( hives ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or infection ( common ): if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , sweating or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop skin rash ( very common ) / burning or prickling sensation ( common ), or fever ( common ). rarely , skin reactions may be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or cough with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) side effects with alimta may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking skin abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys fatigue ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of body fluids taste change damage to the motor nerves which may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , burning pain and unsteady gait dizziness inflammation or swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye dry eye watery eyes dryness of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids eye disorder with dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or pain cardiac failure ( condition that affects the pumping power of your heart muscles ) irregular heart rhythm indigestion constipation abdominal pain liver : increases in the chemicals in the blood made by the liver increased skin pigmentation itchy skin rash on the body where each mark resembles a bullseye hair loss hives kidney stop working reduced functionality of kidney fever 35 pain excess fluid in body tissue , causing swelling chest pain inflammation and ulceration of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of red , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) heart attack narrowing or blockage of the coronary arteries abnormal heart rythm deficient blood distribution to the limbs blockage in one of the pulmonary arteries in your lungs inflammation and scarring of the lining of the lungs with breathing problems passage of bright red blood from the anus bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract ruptured bowel inflammation of the lining of the oesophagus inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) inflammation , edema , erythema , and erosion of the mucosal surface of the esophagus caused by radiation therapy inflammation of the lung caused by radiation therapy rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver redness of the skin skin rash that develops throughout a previously irradiated area very rare ( affect up to 1 of 10 000 people ) infections of skin and soft tissues stevens - johnson syndrome ( a type of severe skin and mucous membranes reaction that may be life threatening ) toxic epidermal necrolysis ( a type of severe skin reaction that may be life threatening ) autoimmune disorder that results in skin rashes and blistering on the legs , arms , and abdomen inflammation of the skin characterized by the presence of bullae which are filled with fluid skin fragility , blisters and erosions and skin scarring redness , pain and swelling mainly of the lower limbs inflammation of the skin and fat beneath the skin ( pseudocellulitis ) inflammation of the skin ( dermatitis ) skin to become inflamed , itchy , red , cracked , and rough intensely itchy spots not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data form of diabetes primarily due to pathology of the kidney disorder of the kidneys involving the death of tubular epithelial cells that form the renal tubules you might have any of these symptoms and / or conditions . you must tell your doctor as soon as possible when you start experiencing any of these side effects . if you are concerned about any side effects , talk to your doctor . reporting side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in the leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur up to 4 months or more after the last kromeya injection . seek medical attention urgently , if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction or heart failure : severe rash , hives ; swollen face , hands , feet ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or swelling of the feet . tell your doctor as soon as possible , if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired or coughing ; symptoms of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness ; signs of skin cancer such as a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; pain in the muscles . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious infections ( including blood poisoning and influenza ); intestinal infections ( including gastroenteritis ); skin infections ( including cellulitis and shingles ); ear infections ; mouth infections ( including tooth infections and cold sores ); reproductive tract infections ; urinary tract infection ; fungal infections ; joint infections ; benign tumours ; skin cancer ; allergic reactions ( including seasonal allergy ); dehydration ; mood swings ( including depression ); anxiety ; difficulty sleeping ; 120 sensation disorders such as tingling , prickling or numbness ; migraine ; symptoms of nerve root compression ( including low back pain and leg pain ); vision disturbances ; eye inflammation ; inflammation of the eye lid and eye swelling ; vertigo ( sensation of room spinning ); sensation of heart beating rapidly ; high blood pressure ; flushing ; haematoma ( a solid swelling with clotted blood ); cough ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; gastrointestinal bleeding ; dyspepsia ( indigestion , bloating , heart burn ); acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; inflammation of the skin ( such as eczema ); breaking of finger nails and toe nails ; increased sweating ; hair loss ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; kidney problems ; chest pain ; oedema ( a build - up of fluid in the body which causes the affected tissue to swell ); fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) unusual infections ( which include tuberculosis and other infections ) that occur when resistance to disease is lowered ; neurological infections ( including viral meningitis ); eye infections ; bacterial infections ; diverticulitis ( inflammation and infection of the large intestine ); cancer , including cancer that affects the lymph system ( lymphoma ) and melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ); immune disorders that could affect the lungs , skin and lymph nodes ( most commonly as a condition called sarcoidosis ); vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ); tremor ; neuropathy ( nerve damage ); stroke ; double vision ; hearing loss , buzzing ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; heart problems that can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling ; 121 heart attack ; a sac in the wall of a major artery , inflammation and clot of a vein , blockage of a blood vessel ; lung diseases causing shortness of breath ( including inflammation ); pulmonary embolism ( blockage in an artery of the lung ); pleural effusion ( abnormal collection of fluid in the pleural space ); inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; difficulty in swallowing ; facial oedema ( swelling ); gallbladder inflammation , gallbladder stones ; fatty liver ( build - up of fat in liver cells ); night sweats ; scar ; abnormal muscle breakdown ; systemic lupus erythematosus ( an immune disorder including inflammation of skin , heart , lung , joints and other organ systems ); sleep interruptions ; impotence ; inflammations . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ); severe allergic reaction with shock ; multiple sclerosis ; nerve disorders ( such as inflammation of the optic nerve to the eye , and guillain - barré syndrome , a condition that may cause muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms and upper body ); heart stops pumping ; pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring of the lung ); intestinal perforation ( hole in the wall of the gut ); hepatitis ( liver inflammation ); reactivation of hepatitis b infection ; autoimmune hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ); cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ); stevens - johnson syndrome ( life - threatening reaction with flu - like symptoms and blistering rash ); facial oedema ( swelling ) associated with allergic reactions ; erythema multiforme ( inflammatory skin rash ); lupus - like syndrome ; angioedema ( localized swelling of the skin ); lichenoid skin reaction ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ) hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ( a rare blood cancer that is often fatal ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ); liver failure ; worsening of a condition called dermatomyositis ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ). some side effects observed with adalimumab may not have symptoms and may only be discovered through blood tests . these include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for red blood cells ; 122 increased lipids in the blood ; raised liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for sodium ; low blood measurements for calcium ; low blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; autoantibodies present in the blood ; low blood potassium . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) raised bilirubin measurement ( liver blood test ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects which can affect any patient most people ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) get lower levels of iron in their blood . almost all patients have to be treated with iron supplements during their neorecormon therapy . rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), allergies or skin reactions , such as rash or hives , itching or reactions around the injection site have occurred . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a severe form of allergic reaction has occurred , especially just after an injection . it needs to be treated at once . if you get unusual wheezing or difficulty breathing ; swollen tongue , face or throat , or swelling around the injection site ; if you feel light - headed or faint or if you collapse , call your doctor at once . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) people experienced flu - like symptoms , especially when they just started treatment . these include fever , chills , headaches , pain in the limbs , bone pain and / or feeling generally unwell . these reactions were usually mild to moderate and went away within a few hours or days . serious skin rashes including stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using neorecormon if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . additional side effects in people with chronic kidney disease ( renal anaemia ) increase in blood pressure , worsening of existing high blood pressure and headaches are the most common side effects ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). your doctor will regularly check your blood pressure , particularly at the beginning of therapy . your doctor may treat the high blood pressure with drugs or temporarily interrupt your neorecormon therapy . call a doctor at once if you get headaches , especially sudden , stabbing , migraine - like headaches , confusion , speech disturbance , unsteady walking , fits or convulsions . these may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure ( hypertensive crisis ), even if your blood pressure is usually normal or low . it needs to be treated at once . if you have low blood pressure or shunt complications , you may be at risk of shunt thrombosis ( a blood clot in the vessel used for connection to the dialysis system ). very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), patients have had rising levels of potassium or phosphates in the blood . this can be treated by your doctor . pure red cell aplasia ( prca ) caused by neutralising antibodies has been observed during erythropoietin therapy , including in isolated cases during therapy with neorecormon . prca means that the body stopped or reduced the production of red blood cells . this causes severe anaemia , symptoms of which would include unusual tiredness and a lack of energy . if your body produces neutralising antibodies , your doctor will discontinue therapy with neorecormon , and determine the best course of action to treat your anaemia . additional side effects in adults receiving chemotherapy for cancer increase in blood pressure and headaches may occasionally occur . your doctor may treat the high blood pressure with drugs . an increase in the occurrence of blood clots has been observed . additional side effects in people donating their own blood before surgery a slight increase in the occurrence of blood clots has been observed . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , xagrid can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you are worried , speak to your doctor . serious side effects : uncommon : heart failure ( signs include shortness of breath , chest pain , swelling of the legs due to fluid build - up ), severe problem with the rate or rhythm of the heartbeat ( ventricular tachycardia , supraventricular tachycardia or atrial fibrillation ), inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe abdominal and back pain ( pancreatitis ), vomiting blood or passing bloody or black stools , severe reduction in blood cells which can cause weakness , bruising , bleeding or infections ( pancytopenia ), pulmonary hypertension ( signs include shortness of breath , swelling in legs or ankles , and lips and skin can turn bluish colour ). rare : kidney failure ( when you pass little or no urine ), heart attack . if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , tiredness , rapid heartbeat , irregular or strong heartbeat ( palpitations ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind , being sick ( vomiting ), reduction in red blood cell count ( anaemia ), fluid retention or rash . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people a feeling of weakness or feeling unwell , high blood pressure , irregular heartbeat , fainting , chills or fever , indigestion , loss of appetite , constipation , bruising , bleeding , swelling ( oedema ), weight loss , muscle aches , painful joints , back pain , decreased or loss of feeling or sensation such as numbness , especially in the skin , abnormal feeling or sensation such as tingling and ' pins and needles ', sleeplessness , depression , confusion , nervousness , dry mouth , loss of memory , breathlessness , nosebleed , serious lung infection with fever , shortness of breath , cough , phlegm ; hair loss , skin itching or discolouration , impotence , chest pain , reduction in blood platelets , which increases the risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), accumulation of fluid around the lungs or an increase in liver enzymes . your doctor may do a blood test which may show an increase in your liver enzymes . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people bleeding gums , weight gain , severe chest pain ( angina pectoris ), heart muscle disease , ( signs include fatigue , chest pain and palpitations ), enlarged heart , accumulation of fluid around the heart , painful spasm of the blood vessels on the heart ( while resting , usually at night or early morning ) ( prinzmetal angina ), loss of coordination , difficulty in speaking , dry skin , migraine , visual disturbances or double vision , ringing in the ears , dizziness on standing up ( especially when getting up from a sitting or lying position ), increased need to pass water at night , pain , ' flu - like ' symptoms , sleepiness , widening of blood vessels , inflammation of the large bowel ( signs include : diarrhoea , usually with blood and mucus , stomach pain , fever ), inflammation of the stomach ( signs include : pain , nausea , vomiting ), area of abnormal density in the lung , increased creatinine level in blood tests , which may be a sign of kidney problems . the following side effects have been reported but it is not known exactly how often they occur : potentially life - threatening , irregular heartbeat ( torsade de pointes ); inflammation of the liver , symptoms include nausea , vomiting , itching , yellowing of the skin and eyes , discoloration of stool and urine ( hepatitis ); lung inflammation ( signs include fever , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing ; which causes scaring of the lungs ) ( allergic alveolitis , including interstitial lung disease , pneumonitis ); inflammation of the kidneys ( tubulointerstitial nephritis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sleepiness dizziness nausea ( sickness ) 49 common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness ( fatigue ) sleeplessness ( insomnia ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) abnormal dreams constipation visual impairment vomiting ( being sick ) weight loss including decreased appetite uncommon : paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) delusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep amnesia ( memory disturbance ) hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still ) weight increase allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling )* inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion * restlessness dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences . altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive . uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality ) rare : mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) not known : after stopping or reducing your pramipexole teva treatment : depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain may occur ( called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome or daws ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 2 , 762 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". if you suffer from restless legs syndrome , you may experience the following side effects : very common : nausea ( sickness ) common : changes in sleep pattern , such as sleeplessness ( insomnia ) and sleepiness tiredness ( fatigue ) headache abnormal dreams constipation dizziness vomiting ( being sick ) uncommon : urge to behave in an unusual way * cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling )* inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion * dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still )* paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being )* delusion * amnesia ( memory disturbance )* hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting restlessness visual impairment weight loss including decreased appetite dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs )* inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences .* altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive .* uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending * binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* not known : after stopping or reducing your pramipexole teva treatment : depression , apathy , anxiety , fatigue , sweating or pain may occur ( called dopamine agonist withdrawal syndrome or daws ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviors ; he will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . infusion - related reactions medicines of this type ( monoclonal antibodies ) can cause infusion - related reactions , which are occasionally severe , and can cause death . they are more likely during the first treatment . very common symptoms of an infusion - related reaction ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ) high temperature skin rash breathlessness , cough diarrhoea lack of energy 41 common symptoms of an infusion - related reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions , sometimes severe where symptoms include raised and itchy rash ( hives ), swelling of the face or the mouth ( angioedema ) causing difficulty breathing and collapse difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , chest tightness , cough low blood pressure ( can cause light - headedness when you stand up ) flushing excessive sweating shaking or shivering rapid heart beat headache back pain high blood pressure throat pain or irritation blocked nose . uncommon symptoms of an infusion - related reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anaphylactic reaction including anaphylactic shock , where symptoms include breathlessness or difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , light - headedness , dizziness , changes in levels of consciousness , hypotension , with or without mild generalised itching , skin reddening , swelling of the face and / or throat , blue discolouration of the lips , tongue or skin fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) causing breathlessness slow heart beat blue discolouration of the lips and extremities ( possible symptoms of hypoxia ) tell your doctor or a nurse immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other possible side effects very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : frequent infections , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections fever , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , possible symptoms of infections of the lungs or airways ( respiratory tract ) including pneumonia sore throat , feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead , infections of the ear , nose or throat . very common side effects that may show up in your blood tests : low levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) low levels of red blood cells ( anaemia ). common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : fever or , alternatively , a very low body temperature , chest pain , shortness of breath or rapid breathing , shaking , chills , confusion , dizziness , decreased urination and rapid pulse , ( possible symptoms of blood infection ) difficulty and pain when passing urine , exaggerated sense of needing to urinate , urinary tract infections shingles , cold sores ( possible symptoms of herpes viral infection that can potentially be severe ). common side effects that may show up in your blood tests : low levels of platelets in the blood ( cells that help blood to clot ). uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : blockage in the gut ( intestine ), which may feel like stomach pain . if you have persistent stomach pain , see your doctor as soon as possible . yellow skin and eyes , nausea , loss of appetite , dark urine ( possible symptoms of an infection or reactivation of hepatitis b virus ) memory loss , trouble with thinking , and difficulty with walking or loss of vision ( possible symptoms of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ) increase in potassium , phosphate and uric acid in the blood that can cause kidney problems ( tumour lysis syndrome ) the symptoms of this condition include : producing less urine than normal muscle spasms . if you notice these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . uncommon side effects that may show up in your blood tests : problems with blood clotting the bone marrow failing to produce enough red or white blood cells reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most commonly reported serious side effects are : severe acute allergic reactions ( common ), infusion reactions ( very common ), and gout flares ( very common ). krystexxa will be administered by a doctor or nurse who will monitor you for side effects while you receive krystexxa and for some time afterwards . severe allergic reactions ( common ) include fainting , sudden drop in blood pressure , and cardiac arrest . allergic reactions usually happen within 2 hours of the infusion , but may also happen at a later time . if you suddenly notice : a swelling of the throat , tongue or other part of your body tightness of the throat , hoarse voice or trouble swallowing a shortness of breath , wheezing or breathing problems a rash , itching or hives tell your doctor or nurse immediately , since any of these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common signs and symptoms of local infusion reactions were : redness at the injection site , itching , and rash . the most common signs and symptoms of generalised infusion reactions were : hives , shortness of breath , redness in the face , sweating , chest discomfort or pain , chills , and high blood pressure . allergic reactions may be more likely to occur in patients who weigh more than 100 kg . an increase in gout flares is frequently observed when starting krystexxa . your doctor may prescribe medicines to reduce the likelihood of gout flares after starting krystexxa . krystexxa does not need to be discontinued because of a gout flare . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): hives , skin rash , itchy , dry or irritated skin , nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood sugar levels , vomiting , joint swelling , flu - like symptoms uncommon side effects : ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): worsening of a type of heart disease called congestive heart failure , skin infection , elevated potassium levels in the blood frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ): destruction of red blood cells if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms - you may need urgent medical attention : sudden swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue ; severe rash ; itchiness ; throat tightening ; drop in blood pressure ; difficulty in swallowing and / or difficulty in breathing . these may all be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction and may be life - threatening . this severe reaction has been reported as a rare side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . abdominal pain ( stomach ache ) and / or watery diarrhoea . the symptoms may become severe or may not go away and the stools may contain blood or mucus . these may be signs of an infection of the bowel . in this situation , you should not take medicines that stop or slow bowel movement . infection of the bowel has been reported as an uncommon side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 100 people . changes in hearing . this has been reported as a side effect with a similar medicine . the frequency is not known . the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . other side effects reported with xydalba are listed below . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you get any of the following side effects : common - may affect up to 1 in 10 people : headache feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea uncommon - may affect up to 1 in 100 people : vaginal infections , fungal infections , oral thrush urinary tract infections anaemia ( low levels of red blood cells ), high blood platelet counts ( thrombocytosis ), increased blood counts of a type of white blood cell called eosinophils ( eosinophilia ), low levels of other types of white blood cell ( leucopenia , neutropenia ) changes in other blood tests decreased appetite difficulty sleeping dizziness change in sense of taste inflammation and swelling of surface veins , flushing cough abdominal pain and discomfort , indigestion , constipation abnormal liver function test an increase in alkaline phosphatase ( an enzyme found in the body ) itching , hives 25 genital itching ( females ) pain , redness or swelling at the place where the infusion was given feeling hot increase in blood levels of gamma - glutamyl transferase ( an enzyme produced by the liver and other body tissues ) rash being sick ( vomiting ) rare - may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : difficulty breathing ( bronchospasm ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , refludan can have side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( at least 1 in 10 people ) bleeding reported bleeding events include : anaemia or drop in the haemoglobin value without obvious source of bleeding , bruising , bleeding from puncture sites , nose bleeding , blood in urine , gastrointestinal bleeding , vaginal bleeding , rectal bleeding , pulmonary haemorrhage , bleeding into chest space and around the heart following surgery , bleeding into the brain . severe bleeding and , in particular , intracranial bleeding may be fatal . in intensified post - marketing surveillance in hit type ii , fatal bleeding was reported in 1 % and intracranial bleeding in 0 . 2 % of patients . severe bleeding may lead to decreased volume of circulating blood , low blood pressure , shock , and their clinical sequelae . rare ( less than 1 in 1 , 000 people affected ) allergic skin reactions ( including rash ), itching , hot flushes , fever , chills . anaphylactic / oid reactions including urticaria , difficulty in breathing ( e . g . consisting of spasms ), cough , sharp sound when breathing , build - up of water in the body and in the inner 37 wall of a vessel ( including : face oedema , tongue oedema , throat oedema ). in severe cases these may lead to shock and death . injection site reactions , including pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . 5 . how to store refludan keep out of the reach and sight of children . do not use refludan after the expiry date which is stated on the carton and the vial after exp . do not store above 25c . do not freeze . keep the - vial in the outer carton . do not use refludan if the reconstituted solution is cloudy or contains particles . once reconstituted refludan is to be used immediately . any unused solution must be discarded appropriately . 6 . further information what refludan contains the active substance is lepirudin , a recombinant dna product derived from yeast cells . the other ingredients are mannitol ( e421 ) and sodium hydroxide for ph adjustment . what refludan looks like and contents of the pack refludan is a white powder for solution for injection or infusion supplied in a vial containing 20 mg lepirudin . refludan is available in packs of 1 or 10 vials . not all pack sizes may be marketed . marketing authorisation holder celgene europe ltd ., 1 longwalk road , stockley park , uxbridge , ub11 1db , united kingdom . manufacturer csl behring gmbh , emil - von - behring - straße 76 , 35041 marburg , germany . this leaflet was last approved on { date } detailed information on this medicine is available on the european medicines agency ( emea ) web site : 38 <------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ the following information is intended for medical or healthcare professionals only : instructions for use and handling : general recommendations reconstitution and further dilution must be carried out under sterile conditions . for reconstitution water for injections or sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution are to be used . for further dilution sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) or glucose 5 % solutions are suitable . for rapid , complete reconstitution , inject 0 . 4 ml of diluent into the vacuum vial and shake it gently . on reconstitution a clear , colourless solution is usually obtained within less than 3 minutes . do not use solutions which are cloudy or contain particles . the reconstituted solution is to be used immediately . the preparation should be warmed to room temperature before administration . any unused solution must be discarded appropriately . for injection only polypropylene syringes may be used . preparation of a refludan solution with a concentration of 5 mg / ml for intravenous . bolus injection a solution with a concentration of 5 mg / ml is needed : reconstitute one vial ( 20 mg of lepirudin ) with 0 . 4 ml of either water for injections or sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution . the final concentration of 5 mg / ml is obtained by transfer into a sterile , single - use syringe ( of at least 5 ml capacity ) and further dilution to a total volume of 4 ml using sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) or glucose 5 % solution . the final solution is to be administered in a body weight - dependent fashion . preparation of a refludan solution with a concentration of 2 mg / ml for continuous intravenous infusion , a solution with a concentration of 2 mg / ml is needed : reconstitute two vials ( each containing 20 mg of lepirudin ) with 0 . 4 ml each using either water for injections or sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) solution . the final concentration of 2 mg / ml is obtained by transfer of both solutions into one sterile , single - use perfusor syringe ( 50 ml capacity ) and further dilution to a total volume of 20 ml using sodium chloride 9 mg / ml ( 0 . 9 %) or glucose 5 % solution . the infusion speed of the perfusor automate is to be set in a body weight - dependent fashion . the perfusor syringe must be changed at least every 12 hours after the start of the infusion . package leaflet : information for the user refludan 50 mg powder for solution for injection or infusion lepirudin read all of this leaflet carefully before you start using this medicine . - keep this leaflet . you may need to read it again . - if you have any further questions , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - this medicine has been prescribed for you . do not pass it on to others . it may harm them , even if their symptoms are the same as yours . - if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what refludan is and what it is used for 2 . before you use refludan 3 . how to use refludan 4 . possible side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects of using apcc while receiving hemlibra stop using hemlibra and apcc and talk to a doctor immediately if you or your caregiver notices any of the following side effects : destruction of red blood cells ( thrombotic microangiopathy ): - confusion , weakness , swelling of arms and legs , yellowing of skin and eyes , vague belly ( abdominal ) or back pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) or urinating less these symptoms may be signs of thrombotic microangiopathy . blood clots ( thromboembolism ): - swelling , warmth , pain or redness these symptoms may be signs of a blood clot in a vein near the surface of the skin . - headache , numbness in your face , eye pain or swelling or problems with your vision these symptoms may be signs of a blood clot in a vein behind your eye . - blackening of the skin this symptom may be a sign of severe damage to the skin tissue . other side effects when using hemlibra very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people a reaction in the area where the injection is given ( redness , itching , pain ) headache joint pain 55 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people fever muscle aches diarrhoea uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people destruction of red blood cells ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) blood clot in a vein behind your eye ( cavernous sinus thrombosis ) severe damage of the skin tissue ( skin necrosis ) blood clot in a vein near the surface of the skin ( superficial thrombophlebitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - headache common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - change in sleeping pattern - difficulty in sleeping - dizziness - dry mouth - tiredness - indigestion - feeling sick in the stomach - blood tests which show changes in the way the liver is working ( alanine aminotransferase ) - unusual dreams - sleepiness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - abnormal or change in taste - blood tests which show changes in the way the liver is working ( aspartate aminotransferase and gamma - glutamyl transferase ) - increase in daytime urination - nightmares - ringing in the ears - feeling foggy in the head reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , suboxone can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately or seek urgent medical attention if you experience side effects , such as : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , severe hives / nettle rash . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . feeling sleepy and uncoordinated , have blurred vision , have slurred speech , cannot think well or clearly , or your breathing gets much slower than is normal for you . also tell your doctor immediately if you experience side effects such as : severe tiredness , itching with yellowing of skin or eyes . these may be symptoms of liver damage . seeing or hearing things that are not there ( hallucinations ). side effects reported with suboxone very common side effects ( may effect more than one in 10 people ): insomnia ( inability to sleep ), constipation , nausea , excessive sweating , headache , drug withdrawal syndrome common side effects ( may effect up to 1 in 10 people ): weight loss , swelling ( hands and feet ), drowsiness , anxiety , nervousness , tingling , depression , decreased sexual drive , increase in muscle tension , abnormal thinking , increased tearing ( watering eyes ) or other tearing disorder , blurred vision , flushing , increased blood pressure , migraines , runny nose , sore throat and painful swallowing , increased cough , upset stomach or other stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , abnormal liver function , flatulence , vomiting , rash , itching , hives , pain , joint pain , muscle pain , leg cramps ( muscle spasm ), difficulty in getting or keeping an erection , urine abnormality , abdominal pain , back pain , weakness , infection , chills , chest pain , fever , flu - like symptoms , feeling of general discomfort , accidental injury caused by loss of alertness or co - ordination , faintness and dizziness . uncommon side effects ( may effect up to 1 in 100 people ): swollen glands ( lymph nodes ), agitation , tremor , abnormal dream , excessive muscle activity , depersonalisation ( not feeling like yourself ), medicine dependence , amnesia ( memory disturbance ), loss of interest , exaggerated feeling of well being , convulsion ( fits ), speech disorder , small pupil size , difficulty urinating , eye inflammation or infection , rapid or slow heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , myocardial infarction ( heart attack ), chest tightness , shortness of breath , asthma , yawning , pain and sores in mouth , tongue discolouration , acne , skin nodule , hair loss , dry or scaling skin , inflammation of joints , urinary tract infection , abnormal blood tests , blood in urine , abnormal ejaculation , menstrual or vaginal problems , kidney stone , protein in your urine , painful or difficult urination , sensitivity to heat or cold , heat stroke , loss of appetite , feelings of hostility . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): sudden withdrawal syndrome caused by taking suboxone too soon after use of illicit opioids , drug withdrawal syndrome in newborn . slow or difficult breathing , liver injury with or without jaundice , hallucinations , swelling of face and throat or life threatening allergic reactions , drop in 96 blood pressure on changing position from sitting or lying down to standing . misusing this medicine by injecting it can cause withdrawal symptoms , infections , other skin reactions and potentially serious liver problems ( see warnings and precautions ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and contact your doctor immediately :- uncommon : ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain rare : ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) loss of consciousness or fainting severe chest pain due to angina feeling your heartbeat depression visual impairment blurred vision disorientation vertigo ( a feeling of dizziness or " spinning ") presence of red blood cells in the urine reduced number of white blood cells in the blood reduced blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising psoriasis if you experience any of the following non - serious side effects contact your doctor and / or seek medical advice :- uncommon : ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritability , nervousness , restlessness , insomnia , abnormal dreams , nightmares , anxiety , migraine , headache , lethargy ( tiredness , lack of energy ), restlessness associated with increased activity , dizziness , tiredness , high blood pressure , upper abdominal pain , indigestion , mouth ulceration , dry mouth , nausea , changes in the composition of your blood which could cause yellowing of the skin or eyes , inflammation of the skin , night sweats , itching , rash , dry skin , pain in extremities , menopausal symptoms , feeling of weakness , excretion of glucose in the urine , excess proteins in the urine , abnormal liver function and weight increase . rare : ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) 23 shingles , high level of fatty molecules in the blood , low serum calcium levels in the blood , low sodium levels in the blood , altered mood , aggression , agitation , crying , stress symptoms , early morning awakening , increased sex drive , depressed mood , memory impairment , disturbance in attention , dreamy state , restless legs syndrome , poor quality sleep , ' pins and needles ' feeling , watery eyes , dizziness when standing or sitting , hot flushes , acid reflux , stomach disorder , blistering in the mouth , tongue ulceration , stomach upset , vomiting , abnormal bowel sounds , wind , excess saliva production , bad breath , abdominal discomfort , gastric disorder , inflammation of the stomach lining , eczema , skin rash , hand dermatitis , itchy rash , nail disorder , arthritis , muscle spasms , neck pain , night cramps , prolonged erection that might be painful , inflammation of the prostate gland , tiredness , pain , thirst , passing large volumes of urine , urinating during the night , increased liver enzymes , abnormal blood electrolytes and abnormal laboratory tests . frequency not known : ( cannot be established from the available data ) hypersensitivity reaction , swelling of mouth or tongue , swelling of the skin and abnormal milk secretion . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking conbriza and see a doctor immediately uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): if you have signs of a blood clot in the legs or lungs , such as painful swelling and redness of the legs , sudden chest pain , or difficulty in breathing ; if you have signs of a blood clot in the eye ( retinal vein ), such as one sided visual disturbance or visual impairment or blurring or loss of vision in one eye . if you get any of the problems listed under ' do not take conbriza ' not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): if you have other events affecting the eye and / or vision ( seeing sparks or flashes of light , narrowing of visual field , and swelling of eye or eyelid ) other side effects some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking conbriza : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): muscle spasms ( includes leg cramps ) hot flushes swelling of the hands , feet and legs ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ( including hypersensitivity and urticaria ) rash , itching dry mouth increase in blood triglycerides ( fat found in your blood ) increase in liver enzymes drowsiness 27 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) dry eye , eye pain , visual acuity reduced , visual impairment , blepharospasm ( abnormal , involuntary blinking or spasm of the eyelids ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - inflammation or other disorders of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing severe stomach pain which may spread to your back , vomiting , increase in blood sugar levels ; - serious allergic reactions with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling , hives , shortness of breath , fast heart beat and drop in blood pressure ; - blood clots ; - fever with low counts of white blood cells . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - severe bleeding or bruising ; - violent shaking ( seizures ) and loss of consciousness ; - severe infection with very high fever ; - problems with your liver ( e . g ., change in colour of your skin or urine or stool and laboratory results of elevated liver enzymes or bilirubin ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - liver failure ; - jaundice ; - blocked bile flow from the liver ( cholestasis ); - destruction of liver cells ( liver cell necrosis ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe skin reaction called toxic epidermal necrolysis ; - loss of kidney function ( e . g ., change in urine output , swelling of feet and ankles ); - stroke ; - severe allergic reaction that may cause loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening ( anaphylactic shock ). other side effects talk to your doctor if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - changes in the function of the pancreas ; - weight loss ; - leg pain ( which could be a symptom of thrombosis ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the lungs , called pulmonary embolism ); - loss of appetite , general weakness , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ; - increased blood sugar levels . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased number of red blood cells ; - build - up of fluid in the stomach ( ascites ); - fever and flu - like symptoms ; - mouth sores ; - back , joint or abdominal pain ; - high levels of fat and cholesterol in your blood ; low potassium in your blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome ( rpls ), a syndrome characterised by headache , confusion , seizures and visual loss which resolves after some time . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - decreased number of white blood cells and platelets ; - palpitations ; - fever ; - cysts in your pancreas , swelling of the salivary glands ; - high levels of urea in your blood ; antibodies against oncaspar ; high levels of ammonia in your blood ; decreased blood sugar levels ; - sleepiness , confusion , mild twitching of the fingers . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects you think might be related to your chemotherapy , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treament : inflammation of the lungs ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , possibly with a cough or fever . this may mean that you have an inflammation of the lungs called interstitial lung disease and can be fatal . diarrhoea ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea may lead to fluid loss ( common ), low blood potassium ( very common ), and worsening kidney function and can be fatal . at first signs of increased frequency of bowel movements , contact your doctor immediately , drink plenty of fluids , and start antidiarrhoea treatment as soon as possible . you should have an anti - diarrhoeal medicine available before you start taking vizimpro . skin rash ( very common ) it is important to treat the rash early . tell your doctor if a rash starts . if treatment for rash is not working or the rash is getting worse ( for example , you have peeling or cracking of the skin ) you should tell your doctor immediately , since your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with vizimpro . rash may occur or worsen in areas exposed to sun . sun protection with protective clothing and sunscreen is recommended . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the other following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the mouth and lips nail problems dry skin loss of appetite dry , red , or itchy eyes weight loss hair loss itching abnormal liver enzyme blood tests nausea or vomiting flushed or painful palms or soles tiredness weakness cracks in the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): alteration in taste peeling skin eyes inflammation abnormal amount of body hair growth reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the infusion of caelyx pegylated liposomal , the following reactions may occur : - severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing or breathing ; itchy rash ( hives ) - inflamed and narrowed airways in the lungs , causing coughing , wheezing and shortness of breath ( asthma ) - flushing , sweating , chills or a fever - chest pain or discomfort - back pain - high or low blood pressure - fast heart beat - fits ( seizures ) leaking of the injection fluid from the veins into the tissues under the skin may occur . if the drip stings or hurts while you are receiving a dose of caelyx pegylated liposomal , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor should be contacted immediately if any of the following serious side effects are noticed : - you develop fever , feel tired , or if you have signs of bruising or bleeding ( very common ) - redness , swelling , peeling or tenderness , mainly on the hands or feet (' hand - foot ' syndrome ). these effects have been seen very commonly and are sometimes severe . in severe cases , these effects may interfere with certain daily activities , and may last for 4 weeks or longer before resolving completely . the doctor may wish to delay the start and / or reduce the dose of the next treatment ( see strategies to prevent and treat hand foot syndrome , below ) - sores in mouth , severe diarrhoea or vomiting or nausea ( very common ) - infections ( common ), including lung infections ( pneumonia ) or infections that may affect your vision - being short of breath ( common ) - severe stomach pain ( common ) - severe weakness ( common ) - severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; difficulty swallowing or breathing ; itchy rash ( hives ) ( uncommon ) - cardiac arrest ( heart stops beating ); heart failure , in which the heart does not pump enough blood to the rest of the body , which makes you short of breath and may lead to swollen legs ( uncommon ) 35 - blood clot that moves to the lungs , causes chest pain and makes you short of breath ( uncommon ) - swelling , warmth , or tenderness in the soft tissues of your leg , sometimes with pain which gets worse when you stand or walk ( rare ) - severe or life - threatening rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) or over most of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) ( rare ) other side effects between infusions , the following may occur : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which can increase the chances of infections . in rare cases , having low white blood cells may lead to severe infection . anaemia ( reduction in red blood cells ) may cause tiredness , and decreased platelets in the blood may increase the risk of bleeding . it is because of the potential changes in your blood cells that you will have regular blood tests . - decreased appetite ; - constipation ; - skin rashes , including redness of the skin , allergic skin rash , red or raised rash on the skin - hair loss - pain including in the muscles and chest muscle , joint , arm , or leg - feeling very tired common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infections , including severe infection throughout the body ( sepsis ), lung infections , herpes zoster virus infections ( shingles ), a type of bacterial infection ( mycobacterium avium complex infection ), urinary tract infection , fungal infections ( including thrush and oral thrush in the mouth ) infection of the hair roots , infected or irritated throat , infected nose , sinuses or throat ( cold ) - low number of a type of white blood cell ( neutrophils ), with a fever - severe weight loss and muscle wasting , not enough water in the body ( dehydration ), low level of potassium , sodium , or calcium in the blood - feeling confused , feeling anxious , depression , difficulty sleeping - nerve damage that may cause tingling , numbness , pain or loss of pain sensation , nerve pain , unusual feeling in the skin ( such as tingling or a crawling feeling ), decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the skin - change in sense of taste , headache , feeling very sleepy with low energy , feeling dizzy ; - inflamed eyes ( conjunctivitis ) - fast heart beat - high or low blood pressure , flushing - shortness of breath that may be brought on by physical activity , nose bleeds , cough - inflamed stomach lining or foodpipe , ulcers ( sores ) in the mouth , indigestion , difficulty swallowing , mouth pain , dry mouth - skin problems , including flaky or dry skin , redness of the skin , blister or ulcer ( sore ) on the skin , itching , dark skin patches - excessive sweating - muscle spasms or aches - pain including in the muscles , bone , or back - pain when passing urine - allergic reaction to infusion of the medicine , flu - like illness , chills , inflamed lining of the cavities and passages in the body , such as the nose , mouth or windpipe , feeling weak , generally feeling unwell , swelling caused by fluid build up in the body , swollen hands , ankles or feet - weight loss when caelyx pegylated liposomal is used alone , some of these effects are less likely to occur , and some have not occurred at all . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - herpes simplex virus infections ( cold sores or genital herpes ), fungal infection - low number of all types of blood cells , increased number of ' platelets ' ( cells that help blood to clot ) - allergic reaction - high level of potassium in the blood , low level of magnesium in the blood - nerve damage affecting more than one area of the body - fits ( seizures ), fainting - unpleasant or painful sensation , especially to touch , feeling sleepy - blurred vision , watery eyes - heart beat feels fast or uneven ( palpitations ), heart muscle disease , heart damage - tissue damage ( necrosis ) where the injection is given , inflamed veins that cause swelling and pain , feeling dizzy upon sitting up or standing up - chest discomfort - passing wind , inflamed gums ( gingivitis ) - skin problems or rashes , including flaky or peeling skin , allergic skin rash , ulcer ( sore ) or hives on the skin , discoloured skin , change in the natural colour ( pigment ) of the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nail problems , acne - muscle weakness - breast pain - irritation or pain where the injection is given - swollen face , high body temperature - symptoms ( such as inflammation , redness or pain ) come back at a part of the body that previously received radiation therapy or was previously damaged by a chemotherapy injection into a vein rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - infection that occurs in people with a weak immune system - low number of blood cells made in the bone marrow - inflamed retina , which may cause changes in vision or blindness - abnormal heart rhythm , abnormal heart tracing on an ecg ( electrocardiogram ) and may be with a slow heart beat , problem with the heart that affects the heart beat and rhythm , blue colour to the skin and mucosa caused by low oxygen in the blood - widening of blood vessels - tight feeling in the throat - sore and swollen tongue , ulcer ( sore ) on the lip - skin rash with fluid - filled blisters - vaginal infection , redness of the scrotum - problems with the lining of the cavities and passages in the body , such as the nose , mouth or windpipe - abnormal liver blood test results , increased level of ' creatinine ' in the blood not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the blood that develops quickly and affects the blood cells ( acute myeloid leukaemia ), bone marrow disease that affects the blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndrome ), cancer of the mouth or lip reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome include : - soaking hands and / or feet in basins of cold water when possible ( e . g ., while watching television , reading , or listening to the radio ); 37 - keeping hands and feet uncovered ( no gloves , socks , etc .); - staying in cool places ; - taking cool baths during hot weather ; - avoiding vigorous exercise that might cause trauma to the feet ( e . g ., jogging ); - avoiding exposure of skin to very hot water ( e . g ., jacuzzis , saunas ); - avoiding tight fitting footwear or high - heeled shoes . pyridoxine ( vitamin b6 ): - vitamin b6 is available without prescription ; - take 50 - 150 mg daily beginning at the first signs of redness or tingling .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . fainting and / or light - headedness linked to low blood pressure could occur at the beginning of treatment with rasilamlo . if you experience these , tell your doctor immediately . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . the adverse reactions previously reported with one or both of the two active substances ( aliskiren and amlodipine ) of rasilamlo and listed below may occur with rasilamlo . some side effects can be serious : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects . if any of the following occur , tell your doctor straight away : severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ) ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , dizziness ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). nausea , loss of appetite , dark coloured urine or yellowing of skin and eyes ( may be signs of liver disorder ) ( frequency not known ). other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure swelling , including swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) diarrhoea joint pain ( arthralgia ) high level of potassium in the blood dizziness sleepiness headache hot flushes abdominal pain nausea tiredness palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash ( this may also be a sign of allergic reactions or angioedema see " rare " side effects below ) kidney problems including acute renal failure ( severely decreased urine output ) severe skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis and / or oral mucosal reactions - red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever ) cough itching rash ( including itchy rash and urticaria ) increased liver enzymes insomnia mood changes ( including anxiety ) depression trembling 140 disturbed sense of taste sudden , temporary loss of consciousness decreased skin sensitivity tingling or numbness vision disorder ( including double vision ) ringing noise in ears shortness of breath runny nose vomiting stomach discomfort after meal altered bowel habits ( including diarrhoea and constipation ) dry mouth hair loss purple skin patches skin discolouration excessive sweating generalised rash muscle pain muscle cramps back pain urination disorders urination at night frequent urination impotence breast enlargement in men chest pain weakness pain feeling unwell weight increase weight decrease rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) and angioedema ( the symptoms of which can include difficulties in breathing or swallowing , rash , itching , hives or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue , dizziness ) increased level of creatinine in the blood red skin ( erythema ) confusion very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): low level of white blood cells and blood platelets high level of sugar in the blood increased muscle stiffness and inability to stretch sensation of numbness or tingling with sensation of burning in fingers and toes heart attack irregular heart beat inflammation of blood vessels severe upper stomach pain inflammation of the gastric lining bleeding , tender or enlarged gums inflammation of the liver 141 abnormal liver function test skin reaction with skin reddening and peeling , blistering of lips , eyes or mouth dry skin , rash , itchy rash skin rash with flaking or peeling rash , red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or mouth , skin peeling , fever swelling mainly of the face and throat increased sensitivity of the skin to sun not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness with spinning sensation low level of sodium in the blood if any of these affect you severely , tell your doctor . you may need to stop rasilamlo . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious . if you are given bortezomib for multiple myeloma or mantle cell lymphoma , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle cramping , muscle weakness - confusion , visual loss or disturbances , blindness , seizures , headaches - shortness of breath , swelling of your feet or changes in your heart beat , high blood pressure , tiredness , fainting - coughing and breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest . treatment with bortezomib can very commonly cause a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . therefore , you will have to take regular blood tests before and during your treatment with bortezomib , to check your blood cell counts regularly . you may experience a reduction in the number of : - platelets , which may make you be more prone to bruising , or to bleeding without obvious injury ( e . g ., bleeding from your bowels , stomach , mouth and gum or bleeding in the brain or bleeding from the liver ) - red blood cells , which can cause anaemia , with symptoms such as tiredness and paleness - white blood cells may make you more prone to infections or flu - like symptoms . if you are given bortezomib for the treatment of multiple myeloma the side effects you may get are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sensitivity , numbness , tingling or burning sensation of the skin , or pain in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage reduction in the number of red blood cells and or white blood cells ( see above ) fever feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , loss of appetite constipation with or without bloating ( can be severe ) diarrhoea : if this happens , it is important that you drink more water than usual . your doctor may give you another medicine to control diarrhoea tiredness ( fatigue ), feeling weak muscle pain , bone pain common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure , sudden fall of blood pressure on standing which may lead to fainting high blood pressure reduced functioning of your kidneys headache general ill feeling , pain , vertigo , light - headedness , a feeling of weakness or loss of consciousness shivering infections , including pneumonia , respiratory infections , bronchitis , fungal infections , coughing with phlegm , flu like illness shingles ( localised including around the eyes or spread across the body ) chest pains or shortness of breath with exercise 68 different types of rash itching of the skin , lumps on the skin or dry skin facial blushing or tiny broken capillaries redness of the skin dehydration heartburn , bloating , belching , wind , stomach pain , bleeding from your bowels or stomach alteration of liver functioning a sore mouth or lip , dry mouth , mouth ulcers or throat pain weight loss , loss of taste muscle cramps , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , pain in your limbs blurred vision infection of the outermost layer of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelids ( conjunctivitis ) nose bleeds difficulty or problems in sleeping , sweating , anxiety , mood swings , depressed mood , restlessness or agitation , changes in your mental status , disorientation swelling of body , to include around eyes and other parts of the body uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heart failure , heart attack , chest pain , chest discomfort , increased or reduced heart rate failing of your kidneys inflammation of a vein , blood clots in your veins and lungs problems with blood clotting insufficient circulation inflammation of the lining around your heart or fluid around your heart infections including urinary tract infections , the flu , herpes virus infections , ear infection and cellulitis bloody stools , or bleeding from mucosal membranes , e . g ., mouth , vagina cerebrovascular disorders paralysis , seizures , falling , movement disorders , abnormal or change in , or reduced sensation ( feeling , hearing , tasting , smelling ), attention disturbance , trembling , twitching arthritis , including inflammation of the joints in the fingers , toes , and the jaw disorders that affect your lungs , preventing your body from getting enough oxygen . some of these include difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , breathing that becomes shallow , difficult or stops , wheezing hiccups , speech disorders increased or decreased urine production ( due to kidney damage ), painful passing of urine or blood / proteins in the urine , fluid retention altered levels of consciousness , confusion , memory impairment or loss hypersensitivity hearing loss , deafness or ringing in the ears , ear discomfort hormone abnormality which may affect salt and water absorption overactive thyroid gland inability to produce enough insulin or resistance to normal levels of insulin irritated or inflamed eyes , excessively wet eyes , painful eyes , dry eyes , eye infections , lump in the eyelid ( chalazion ) and red and swollen eyelids , discharge from the eyes , abnormal vision , bleeding of the eye swelling of your lymph glands joint or muscle stiffness , sense of heaviness , pain in your groin hair loss and abnormal hair texture 69 allergic reactions redness or pain at the injection site mouth pain infections or inflammation of the mouth , mouth ulcers , oesophagus , stomach and intestines , sometimes associated with pain or bleeding , poor movement of the intestines ( including blockage ), abdominal or oesophageal discomfort , difficulty swallowing , vomiting of blood skin infections bacterial and viral infections tooth infection inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of the bile duct genital pain , problem having an erection weight increase thirst hepatitis injection site or injection device related disorders skin reactions and disorders ( which may be severe and life threatening ), skin ulcers bruises , falls and injuries inflammation or haemorrhage of the blood vessels that can appear as small red or purple dots ( usually on the legs ) to large bruise - like patches under the skin or tissue benign cysts a severe reversible brain condition which includes seizures , high blood pressure , headaches , tiredness , confusion , blindness or other vision problems . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart problems to include heart attack , angina flushing discolouration of the veins inflammation of the spinal nerve problems with your ear , bleeding from your ear underactivity of your thyroid gland buddchiari syndrome ( the clinical symptoms caused by blockage of the hepatic veins ) changes in or abnormal bowel function bleeding in the brain yellow discolouration of eyes and skin ( jaundice ) serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest tightness , and / or feeling dizzy / faint , severe itching of the skin or raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse breast disorders vaginal tears genital swelling inability to tolerate alcohol consumption wasting , or loss of body mass increased appetite fistula joint effusion cysts in the lining of joints ( synovial cysts ) fracture breakdown of muscle fibers leading to other complications 70 swelling of the liver , bleeding from the liver cancer of the kidney psoriasis like skin condition cancer of the skin paleness of the skin increase of platelets or plasma cells ( a type of white cell ) in the blood blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) abnormal reaction to blood transfusions partial or total loss of vision decreased sex drive drooling bulging eyes sensitivity to light rapid breathing rectal pain gallstones hernia injuries brittle or weak nails abnormal protein deposits in your vital organs coma intestinal ulcers multi - organ failure death if you are given bortezomib together with other medicines for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma the side effects you may get are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia loss of appetite sensitivity , numbness , tingling or burning sensation of the skin , or pain in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage nausea and vomiting diarrhoea mouth ulcers constipation muscle pain , bone pain hair loss and abnormal hair texture tiredness , feeling weak fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shingles ( localized including around the eyes or spread across the body ) herpes virus infections bacterial and viral infections respiratory infections , bronchitis , coughing with phlegm , flu like illness fungal infections hypersensitivity ( allergic reaction ) inability to produce enough insulin or resistance to normal levels of insulin 71 fluid retention difficulty or problems in sleeping loss of consciousness altered level of consciousness , confusion feeling dizzy increased heartbeat , high blood pressure , sweating , abnormal vision , blurred vision heart failure , heart attack , chest pain , chest discomfort , increased or reduced heart rate high or low blood pressure sudden fall of blood pressure upon standing which may lead to fainting shortness of breath with exercise cough hiccups ringing in the ears , ear discomfort bleeding from your bowels or stomach heartburn stomach pain , bloating difficulty swallowing infection or inflammation of the stomach and intestines stomach pain sore mouth or lip , throat pain alteration of liver function itching of skin redness of skin rash muscle spasms infection of the urinary tract pain in limbs swelling of body , to include eyes and other parts of the body shivering redness and pain at injection site general ill feeling weight loss weight increase uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hepatitis severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) signs of which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest tightness , and / or feeling dizzy / faint , severe itching of the skin or raised lumps on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse movement disorders , paralysis , twitching vertigo hearing loss , deafness disorders that affect your lungs , preventing your body from getting enough oxygen . some of these include difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , breathing that becomes shallow , difficult or stops , wheezing blood clots in your lungs yellow discoloration of the eyes and skin ( jaundice ) lump in the eyelid ( chalazion ), red and swollen eyelids 72 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) reporting of side effects if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - severe kidney impairment ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain specific blood tests ). - low level of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing sores inside the mouth or jaw , discharge , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid medac or after stopping treatment - irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving zoledronic acid for postmenopausal osteoporosis . it is currently unclear whether zoledronic acid causes this irregular heart rhythm but you should report it to your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid . - severe allergic reaction : shortness of breath , swelling mainly of the face and throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . - osteonecrosis has also very rarely been seen occurring with other bones than the jaw , especially the hip or thigh . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , pain or stiffness while being treated with zoledronic acid medac or after stopping treatment . tell your doctor about any of the following side effects as soon as possible : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , drowsiness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - conjunctivitis . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hypersensitivity reactions . - low blood pressure . - chest pain . - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , rash , itching . - high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . - weight increase . - increased sweating . - sleepiness . - blurred vision , tearing of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . - sudden coldness with fainting , limpness or collapse . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or coughing . - urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - slow heartbeat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling . - painful redness and / or swelling of the eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - fainting due to low blood pressure . - severe bone , joint and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , advagraf can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . advagraf reduces your body ' s defence mechanism ( immune system ), which will not be as good at fighting infections . therefore , you may be more prone to infections while you are taking advagraf . severe effects may occur , including allergic and anaphylactic reactions . benign and malignant tumours have been reported following advagraf treatment . cases of pure red cell aplasia ( a very severe reduction in red blood cell counts ), agranulocytosis ( a severely lowered number of white blood cells ), haemolytic anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells due to abnormal breakdown ) and febrile neutropenia ( a decrease in the type of white blood cells which fight infection , accompanied by fever ) have been reported . it is not known exactly how often these side effects occur . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - increased blood sugar , diabetes mellitus , increased potassium in the blood - difficulty in sleeping - trembling , headache - increased blood pressure - liver function tests abnormal - diarrhoea , nausea - kidney problems 49 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( platelets , red or white blood cells ), increase in white blood cell counts , changes in red blood cell counts ( seen in blood tests ) - reduced magnesium , phosphate , potassium , calcium or sodium in the blood , fluid overload , increased uric acid or lipids in the blood , decreased appetite , increased acidity of the blood , other changes in the blood salts ( seen in blood tests ) - anxiety symptoms , confusion and disorientation , depression , mood changes , nightmare , hallucination , mental disorders - fits , disturbances in consciousness , tingling and numbness ( sometimes painful ) in the hands and feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders - blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , eye disorders - ringing sound in your ears - reduced blood flow in the heart vessels , faster heartbeat - bleeding , partial or complete blocking of blood vessels , reduced blood pressure - shortness in breath , disorders of the respiratory tissues in the lung , collection of liquid around the lung , inflammation of the pharynx , cough , flu - like symptoms - stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain or diarrhoea , bleeding in the stomach , inflammation or ulcer in the mouth , collection of fluid in the belly , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , bloating , loose stools - bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin due to liver problems , liver tissue damage and inflammation of the liver - itching , rash , hair loss , acne , increased sweating - pain in joints , limbs , back and feet , muscle spasms - insufficient function of the kidneys , reduced production of urine , impaired or painful urination - general weakness , fever , collection of fluid in your body , pain and discomfort , increase of the enzyme alkaline phosphatase in your blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed - insufficient function of your transplanted organ uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) - dehydration , inability to urinate - abnormal blood test results : reduced protein or sugar , increased phosphate , increase of the enzyme lactate dehydrogenase - coma , bleeding in the brain , stroke , paralysis , brain disorder , speech and language abnormalities , memory problems - clouding of the eye lens , impaired hearing - irregular heartbeat , stop of heartbeat , reduced performance of your heart , disorder of the heart muscle , enlargement of the heart muscle , stronger heartbeat , abnormal ecg , heart rate and pulse abnormal - blood clot in a vein of a limb , shock - difficulties in breathing , respiratory tract disorders , asthma - obstruction of the gut , increased blood level of the enzyme amylase , reflux of stomach content in your throat , delayed emptying of the stomach - inflammation of the skin , burning sensation in the sunlight - joint disorders - painful menstruation and abnormal menstrual bleeding - multiple organ failure , flu - like illness , increased sensitivity to heat and cold , feeling of pressure on your chest , jittery or abnormal feeling , weight loss rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - small bleedings in your skin due to blood clots - increased muscle stiffness - blindness , deafness - collection of fluid around the heart - acute breathlessness 50 - cyst formation in your pancreas - problems with blood flow in the liver - serious illness with blistering of skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ; increased hairiness - thirst , fall , feeling of tightness in your chest , decreased mobility , ulcer very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - muscular weakness - abnormal heart scan - liver failure - painful urination with blood in the urine - increase of fat tissue not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - abnormality of the optic nerve ( optic neuropathy ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the side effects listed below were seen when bevacizumab was given together with chemotherapy . this does not necessarily mean that these side effects were strictly caused by bevacizumab . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . the signs may include : difficulty in breathing or chest pain . you could also experience redness or flushing of the skin or a rash , chills and shivering , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). you should seek help immediately if you suffer from any of the below mentioned side effects . severe side effects , which may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), include : high blood pressure , feeling of numbness or tingling in hands or feet , decreased number of cells in the blood , including white cells that help to fight against infections ( this may be accompanied by fever ), and cells that help the blood to clot , feeling weak and having no energy , tiredness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and abdominal pain . severe side effects , which may be common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), include : perforation of the gut , bleeding , including bleeding in the lungs in patients with non - small cell lung cancer , blocking of the arteries by a blood clot , blocking of the veins by a blood clot , blocking of the blood vessels of the lungs by a blood clot , blocking of the veins of the legs by a blood clot , heart failure , problems with wound healing after surgery , redness , peeling , tenderness , pain , or blistering on the fingers or feet , decreased number of red cells in the blood , lack of energy , stomach and intestinal disorder , muscle and joint pain , muscular weakness , dry mouth in combination with thirst and / or reduced or darkened urine , inflammation of the moist lining of mouth and gut , lungs and air passages , reproductive , 70 and urinary tracts , sores in the mouth and the tube from the mouth to the stomach , which may be painful and cause difficulty swallowing , pain , including headache , back pain and pain in the pelvis and anal regions , localised pus collection , infection , and in particular infection in the blood or bladder , reduced blood supply to the brain or stroke , sleepiness , nose bleed , increase in heart rate ( pulse ), blockage in the gut or bowel , abnormal urine test ( protein in the urine ), shortness of breath or low levels of oxygen in the blood , infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , fistula : abnormal tube - like connection between internal organs and skin or other tissues that are not normally connected , including connections between vagina and the gut in patients with cervical cancer . severe side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ), include : serious infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , especially if you had holes in the gut wall or problems with wound healing , allergic reactions ( the signs may include difficulty breathing , facial redness , rash , low blood pressure or high blood pressure , low oxygen in your blood , chest pain , or nausea / vomiting ), a negative effect on a woman ' s ability to have children ( see the paragraphs below the list of side effects for further recommendations ), a brain condition with symptoms including seizures ( fits ), headache , confusion , and changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), symptoms that suggest changes in normal brain function ( headaches , vision changes , confusion , or seizures ), and high blood pressure , an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ), clogging of a very small blood vessel ( s ) in the kidney , abnormally high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the lungs which makes the right side of the heart work harder than normal , a hole in the cartilage wall separating the nostrils of the nose , a hole in the stomach or intestines , an open sore or hole in the lining of the stomach or small intestine ( the signs may include abdominal pain , feeling bloated , black tarry stools or blood in your stools ( faeces ) or blood in your vomit ), bleeding from the lower part of the large bowel , lesions in the gums with an exposed jaw bone that does not heal and may be associated with pain and inflammation of the surrounding tissue ( see the paragraphs below the list of side effects for further recommendations ), hole in the gall bladder ( symptoms and signs may include abdominal pain , fever , and nausea / vomiting ). you should seek help as soon as possible if you suffer from any of the below mentioned side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects , which were not severe , include : constipation , loss of appetite , fever , problems with the eyes ( including increased production of tears ), changes in speech , change in the sense of taste , runny nose , 71 dry skin , flaking and inflammation of the skin , change in skin colour , loss of body weight , nose bleeds . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects , which were not severe , include : voice changes and hoarseness . patients older than 65 years have an increased risk of experiencing the following side effects : blood clot in the arteries which can lead to a stroke or a heart attack , reduction in the number of white cells in the blood , and cells that help the blood clot , diarrhoea , sickness , headache , fatigue , high blood pressure . zirabev may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . these include a decreased number of white cells in the blood , in particular neutrophils ( one type of white blood cell which helps protect against infections ) in the blood ; presence of protein in the urine ; decreased blood potassium , sodium or phosphorous ( a mineral ); increased blood sugar ; increased blood alkaline phosphatase ( an enzyme ); increased serum creatinine ( a protein measured by a blood test to see how well your kidneys are working ); decreased haemoglobin ( found in red blood cells , which carry oxygen ), which may be severe . pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or sores inside the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs and symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of them . pre - menopausal women ( women who have a menstrual cycle ) may notice that their periods become irregular or are missed and may experience impaired fertility . if you are considering having children you should discuss this with your doctor before your treatment starts . zirabev has been developed and made to treat cancer by injecting it into the bloodstream . it has not been developed or made for injection into the eye . it is therefore not authorised to be used in this way . when zirabev is injected directly into the eye ( unapproved use ), the following side effects may occur : infection or inflammation of the eye globe , redness of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), eye pain , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , increased eye pressure , bleeding in the eye . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of side effects is : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - headache 25 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - increased appetite - dizziness - taste disturbance - nausea - dry mouth - vertigo - a brief irritating feeling similar to ants crawling over your skin ( formication ) - intense pain ( or burning sensation ) at the injection site . this has been reported among patients receiving this product into a small vein . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . - hypersensitivity ( allergic ) - shortness of breath - redness of the skin - itching - rash - hives ( urticaria ) - excessive sweating - vomiting - low blood pressure - feeling hot . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must immediately contact your doctor if you experience any of those serious side effects ( see also what you need to know before you take sutent ): heart problems . tell your doctor if you feel very tired , are short of breath , or have swollen feet and ankles . these may be symptoms of heart problems that may include heart failure and heart muscle problems ( cardiomyopathy ). lung or breathing problems . tell your doctor if you develop cough , chest pain , sudden onset of shortness of breath , or coughing up blood . these may be symptoms of a condition called pulmonary embolism that occurs when blood clots travel to your lungs . kidney disorders . tell your doctor if you experience altered frequency or absence of urination which may be symptoms of kidney failure . bleeding . tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms or a serious bleeding problem during treatment with sutent : painful , swollen stomach ( abdomen ); vomiting blood ; black , sticky stools ; bloody urine ; headache or change in your mental status ; coughing up of blood or bloody sputum from the lungs or airway . tumour destruction leading to hole in the intestine . tell your doctor if you have severe abdominal pain , fever , nausea , vomiting , blood in your stool , or changes in bowel habits . other side effects with sutent may include : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people reduction in the number of platelets , red blood cells and / or white blood cells ( e . g . neutrophils ). shortness of breath . high blood pressure . extreme tiredness , loss of strength . swelling caused by fluid under the skin and around the eye , deep allergic rash . mouth pain / irritation , mouth sores / inflammation / dryness , taste disturbances , upset stomach , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain / swelling , loss / decrease of appetite . decreased activity of thyroid gland ( hypothyroidism ). dizziness . headache . nose bleeding . back pain , joint pain . pain in arms and legs . yellow skin / skin discoloration , excess pigmentation of the skin , hair colour change , rash on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet , rash , dryness of the skin . cough . fever . difficulty in falling asleep . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people blood clots in the blood vessels . deficiency of blood supply to the heart muscle , due to obstruction or constriction of the coronary arteries . chest pain . decreased in the amount of blood pumped by the heart . fluid retention including around the lungs . infections . complication of severe infection ( infection is present in the bloodstream ) that can lead to tissue damage , organ failure , and death . decreased blood sugar level ( see section 2 ).. loss of protein in the urine sometime resulting in swelling . influenza - like syndrome . abnormal blood tests including pancreatic and liver enzymes . high level of uric acid in the blood . haemorrhoids , pain in the rectum , gingival bleeding , difficulty in swallowing or inability to swallow . burning or painful sensation in the tongue , inflammation of the digestive tract lining , excessive gas in the stomach or intestine . weight loss . musculoskeletal pain ( pain in muscles and bones ), muscular weakness , muscular fatigue , muscle pain , muscle spasms . nasal dryness , congested nose . excessive tear flow . abnormal sensation of the skin , itching , flaking and inflammation of the skin , blisters , acne , nail discolouration , hair loss . abnormal sensations in extremities . abnormally decreased / increased sensitivity , particularly to touch . acid heartburn . dehydration . hot flushes . abnormally coloured urine . depression . chills . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people life - threatening infection of the soft tissue including the ano - genital region ( see section 2 ). stroke . heart attack caused by an interrupted or decreased blood supply to the heart . changes in the electrical activity or abnormal rhythm of the heart . fluid around the heart ( pericardial effusion ). liver failure . pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the pancreas . tumour destruction leading to hole in the intestine ( perforation ). inflammation ( swelling and redness ) of the gallbladder with or without associated gallstones . abnormal tube like passage from one normal body cavity to another body cavity or the skin . pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , swelling or sores inside the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs and symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ), see section 2 . overproduction of thyroid hormones which increases the amount of energy the body uses at rest . problems with wound healing after surgery . increased blood level of enzyme ( creatine phosphokinase ) from muscle . excessive reaction to an allergen including hay fever , skin rash , itchy skin , hives , swelling of body parts , and trouble breathing . inflammation of the colon ( colitis , colitis ischaemic ). rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people severe reaction of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). tumour lysis syndrome ( tls ) tls consists of a group of metabolic complications that can occur during treatment of cancer . these complications are caused by the break - down products of dying cancer cells and may include the following : nausea , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , muscular cramps , seizure , clouding of urine and tiredness associated with abnormal laboratory test results ( high potassium , uric acid and phosphorous levels and low calcium levels in the blood ) that can lead to changes in kidney function and acute renal failure . abnormal muscle breakdown which can lead to kidney problems ( rhabdomyolysis ). abnormal changes in the brain that can cause a collection of symptoms including headache , confusion , seizures , and vision loss ( reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome ). painful skin ulceration ( pyoderma gangrenosum ). inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). inflammation of the thyroid gland . damage to the smallest blood vessels known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( tma ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from available data ): an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects were mainly seen while patients were being given the medicine or within a day after the infusion ( infusion reactions ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactoid reaction ) symptoms of severe allergic reaction may include shortness of breath , wheezing , difficulty breathing , and swelling of the face and tongue . your doctor may give ( or have given ) you other medicines to manage the allergic reaction such as an antihistamine or corticosteroid or an antipyretic , a medicine to reduce fever . - hives ( urticaria ) - swelling at the infusion site including leaking into the tissue around the vein ( infusion site swelling or infusion site extravasation ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - itching of the skin ( pruritus ) - loose stools ( diarrhoea ) - rash - fever with involuntary contractions of muscles of face or limbs ( febrile convulsion ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor about any of the following side effects : most frequent side effects the following side effects are very common ( these can affect at least 10 in every 100 patients ): headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) muscle pain and weakness ( if creatine kinase levels in the blood are increased ) other possible side effects the following side effects are common ( these can affect up to 10 in every 100 patients ): dizziness , weakness , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams being sick ( vomiting ), problems with digestion resulting in discomfort after meals , stomach pain rashes ( including red spots or blotches sometimes with blistering and swelling of the skin ), which may be allergic reactions , itching , changes in skin colour including darkening of the skin in patches pain 43 tests may also show : low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) increased triglycerides ( fatty acids ), bile or sugar in the blood liver and pancreas problems the following side effects are uncommon ( these can affect up to 1 in every 100 patients ): anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat other possible effects children given emtricitabine also experienced changes in skin colour including darkening of the skin in patches , very commonly and anaemia ( low red blood cell count ), commonly . if the production of red blood cells is reduced , a child may have symptoms of tiredness or breathlessness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate but some may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience pain at the infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat discomfort , tongue or throat swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , heart attack or low number of platelets . if you have heart disease or angina , these reactions might get worse . tell the person giving you the infusion immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your truxima treatment if these reactions are serious . infections tell your doctor immediately if you get signs of an infection including : fever , cough , sore throat , burning pain when passing urine or feeling weak or generally unwell memory loss , trouble thinking , difficulty walking or sight loss these may be due to a very rare , serious brain infection , which has been fatal ( progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy or pml ). you might get infections more easily during your treatment with truxima . these are often colds , but there have been cases of pneumonia or urinary infections . these are listed below under " other side effects ". if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis , granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris , you will also find this information in the patient alert card you have been given by your doctor . it is important that you keep this alert card and show it to your partner or caregiver . skin reactions very rarely , severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening may occur . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . other side effects include : a ) if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis low number of white blood cells , with or without fever or blood cells called " platelets " feeling sick ( nausea ) bald spots on the scalp , chills , headache lower immunity because of lower levels of anti - bodies called " immunoglobulins " ( igg ) in the blood which help protect against infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood ( sepsis ), pneumonia , shingles , cold , bronchial tube infections , fungal infections , infections of unknown origin , sinus inflammation , hepatitis b low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), low number of all blood cells allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the face and body , high levels of the enzyme " lactate dehydrogenase ( ldh )" in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood unusual feelings of the skin such as numbness , tingling , pricking , burning , a creeping skin feeling , reduced sense of touch feeling restless , problems falling asleep , becoming very red in the face and other areas of the skin as a consequence of dilation of the blood vessels feeling dizzy or anxious producing more tears , tear duct problems , inflamed eye ( conjunctivitis ) ringing sound in the ears , ear pain heart problems such as heart attack , uneven or fast heart rate high or low blood pressure ( low blood pressure especially when standing upright ) tightening of the muscles in the airways which causes wheezing ( bronchospasm ), inflammation , irritation in the lungs , throat or sinuses , being short of breath , runny nose being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the throat and mouth , problems swallowing , constipation , indigestion 112 eating disorders , not eating enough , leading to weight loss hives , increased sweating , night sweats muscle problems such as tight muscles , joint or muscle pain , back and neck pain general discomfort or feeling uneasy or tired , shaking , signs of flu multiple - organ failure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blood clotting problems , decrease of red blood cell production and increase of red blood cell destruction ( aplastic haemolytic anaemia ), swollen or enlarged lymph nodes low mood and loss of interest or enjoyment in doing things , feeling nervous taste problems such as changes in the way things taste heart problems such as reduced heart rate or chest pain ( angina ) asthma , too little oxygen reaching the body organs swelling of the stomach . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): short term increase in the amount of some types of anti - bodies in the blood ( called immunoglobulins igm ), chemical disturbances in the blood caused by break - down of dying cancer cells nerve damage in arms and legs , paralysed face heart failure inflammation of blood vessels including those leading to skin symptoms respiratory failure damage to the intestinal wall ( perforation ) severe skin problems causing blisters that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . kidney failure severe vision loss not known ( it is not known how often these side effects happen ): a reduction in white blood cells which does not happen straight away reduced platelets number just after the infusion this can be reversed , but can be fatal in rare cases hearing loss , loss of other senses b ) if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections such as pneumonia ( bacterial ) pain on passing water ( urinary tract infection ) allergic reactions that are most likely to occur during an infusion , but can occur up to 24 - hours after infusion changes in blood pressure , nausea , rash , fever , feeling itchy , runny or blocked nose and sneezing , shaking , rapid heart beat , and tiredness headache changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . these include a decrease in the amount of some specific proteins in the blood ( immunoglobulins ) which help protect against infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections such as bronchial tube inflammation ( bronchitis ) a feeling of fullness or a throbbing pain behind the nose , cheeks and eyes ( sinusitis ), pain in the abdomen , vomiting and diarrhoea , breathing problems fungal foot infection ( athlete ' s foot ) high cholesterol levels in the blood abnormal sensations of the skin , such as numbness , tingling , pricking or burning , 113 sciatica , migraine , dizziness loss of hair anxiety , depression indigestion , diarrhoea , acid reflux , irritation and / or ulceration of the throat and the mouth pain in the tummy , back , muscles and / or joints uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): excess fluid retention in the face and body inflammation , irritation and / or tightness of the lungs and throat , coughing skin reactions including hives , itching and rash allergic reactions including wheezing or shortness of breath , swelling of the face and tongue , collapse very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): a complex of symptoms occurring within a few weeks of an infusion of truxima including allergic like reactions such as rash , itching , joint pain , swollen lymph glands and fever severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . other rarely - reported side - effects due to truxima include a decreased number of white cells in the blood ( neutrophils ) that help to fight against infection . some infections may be severe ( please see information on infections within this section ). c ) if you are being treated for granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , such as chest infections , urinary tract infections ( pain on passing water ), colds and herpes infections allergic reactions that are most likely to occur during an infusion , but can occur up to 24 - hours after infusion diarrhoea coughing or shortness of breath nose bleeds raised blood pressure painful joints or back muscle twitches or shakiness feeling dizzy tremors ( shakiness , often in the hands ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) swelling of the hands or ankles common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): indigestion constipation skin rashes , including acne or spots flushing or redness of the skin fever blocked or runny nose tight or painful muscles pain in the muscles or in the hands or feet low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low numbers of platelets in the blood an increase in the amount of potassium in the blood changes in the rhythm of the heart , or the heart beating faster than normal very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): 114 severe blistering skin conditions that can be life - threatening . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . recurrence of a previous hepatitis b infection d ) if you are being treated for pemphigus vulgaris very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions that are most likely to occur during an infusion , but can occur up to 24 hours after infusion long lasting depression loss of hair common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections such as herpes infections and eye infection mood disorders such as irritability and depression skin disorders such as itching , hives , and benign lumps feeling tired or dizzy fever headache pain in the tummy pain in the muscles heart beating faster than normal truxima may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . if you are having truxima with other medicines , some of the side effects you may get may be due to the other medicines . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people falling diarrhoea vomiting weight loss constipation loss of appetite high temperature lower blood sugar abnormal echocardiogram feeling tired , sleepy or weak chest infection and bronchitis trembling of the hands , arms or legs long - lasting seizures ( status epilepticus ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people irritability ear infection abnormal behaviour tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you experience any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may 82 travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; seizures , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ); muscle stiffness or spasms ( including eye movements ); restless legs syndrome ; problems with speech ; stuttering ; slow heart rate ; sensitivity to sunlight ; bleeding from the nose ; abdominal distension ; drooling ; memory loss or forgetfulness ; urinary incontinence ; lack of ability to urinate ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection . very rare side effects include serious allergic reactions such as drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). while taking olanzapine , elderly patients with dementia may suffer from stroke , pneumonia , urinary incontinence , falls , extreme tiredness , visual hallucinations , a rise in body temperature , redness of the skin and have trouble walking . some fatal cases have been reported in this particular group of patients . in patients with parkinson ' s disease zalasta may worsen the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects fever : this may be a sign of an infection caused by low levels of white blood cells ( very common ). chest pain or shortness of breath ( with or without fever or cough ): these may be signs of an infection of the lung called " pneumonia " ( very common ) or inflamed lungs ( interstitial lung disease [ frequency not known ]) or cardiomyopathy ( heart muscle disease [ uncommon ]) which can be accompanied with swelling of ankles , hands , legs and feet . bleeding : including blood in the stools . this may be a sign of bleeding in the stomach or gut ( common ). difficultly with moving , speaking or understanding or seeing ; sudden severe headache , seizure , numbness or weakness in any part of the body . these may be signs of bleeding inside your head ( common ). difficulty breathing , swelling of the lips , itching or rash : this may be due to an allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction ( common ). tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the serious side effects above . other side effects of dacogen include very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urine infection other infection in any part of the body , caused by bacteria , virus or fungi bleeding or bruising more easily - these may be signs of a drop in the number of blood platelets ( thrombocytopaenia ) feeling tired or looking pale - these may be signs of a drop in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) high level of sugar in the blood headache nose bleeds 26 diarrhoea vomiting nausea fever abnormal liver function common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) an infection of the blood caused by bacteria - this may be a sign of a low level of white blood cells sore or runny nose , sore sinuses mouth or tongue ulcers high level of ' bilirubin ' in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a drop in the number of red blood cells , white blood cells and platelets ( pancytopaenia ) heart muscle disease red , raised painful patches on the skin , fever , an increase in white blood cells - these may be signs of ' acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis ' or ' sweet ' s syndrome ' not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflamed gut ( enterocolitis , colitis and caecitis ), with symptoms of abdominal pain , bloating , or diarrhoea . enterocolitis may lead to septic complications and may be associated with fatal outcome . reporting of side effects if you get side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most serious side effects : some patients have had tingling or numbness in the hands and feet ( seen commonly ). they could be signs of peripheral neuropathy , due to side effects of zavesca or they could be due to existing conditions . your doctor will perform some tests before and during treatment with zavesca to assess this ( see section 2 ). if you do get any of these effects , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get a slight tremor , usually trembling hands , seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . the tremor often disappears without needing to stop the treatment . sometimes your doctor will need to reduce the dose or stop zavesca treatment to stop the tremor . very common : ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) the most common side effects are diarrhoea , flatulence ( wind ), abdominal ( stomach ) pain , weight loss and decreased appetite . if you do lose some weight when you start treatment with zavesca don ' t worry . people usually stop losing weight as treatment goes on . common : ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common side effects of treatment include headache , dizziness , paraesthesia ( tingling or numbness ), abnormal coordination , hypoaesthesia ( reduced sensation to touch ), dyspepsia ( heartburn ), nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation and vomiting , swelling or discomfort in the abdomen ( stomach ) and thrombocytopenia ( reduced levels of blood platelets ). the neurological symptoms and thrombocytopenia could be due to the underlying disease . other possible side effects are muscular spasms or weakness , fatigue chills and malaise , depression , difficulty sleeping , forgetfulness , and less libido . most patients get one or more of these side effects , usually at the start of treatment or at intervals during treatment . most cases are mild and disappear quite quickly . if any of these side effects cause problems , consult your doctor . he or she may reduce the dose of zavesca or recommend other medicines to help control side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects you must tell your doctor immediately if you notice these serious side effects as you may require urgent medical treatment . meningitis ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) is inflammation of the coverings of the brain and spinal cord usually caused by an infection . symptoms of meningitis are headache , stiff neck , dislike of bright lights , fever , vomiting , confusion and drowsiness . convulsions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) convulsions ( fits ) are when a person ' s body shakes rapidly and uncontrollably . during a convulsion , the person ' s muscles contract and relax repeatedly and the person may lose consciousness . suicidal thoughts or suicide attempt ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). rhabdomyolysis ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) is breakdown of muscle fibres that can lead to kidney damage . symptoms of rhabdomyolysis are abnormal urine colour ( brown coloured ), reduced urine production , muscle weakness , muscle aching and muscle tenderness . coma ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a state of unconsciousness with difficulty responding or waking up . anaphylactic reaction ( it is not known how many people this affects ) is a severe allergic reaction , the signs of which are sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , pain in the chest , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting the whole body ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 user in 10 ) confusion , dizziness , blurred vision , headache , rapid back - and - forth movement of the eyes , loss or impairment of memory ( forgetfulness ), vomiting , nausea , general weakness and drowsiness . common ( may affect 1 to 10 users in 100 ) decreased appetite , anxiety or worsened anxiety , hallucinations , inability to fall or stay asleep , agitation , disorientation , depression or worsened depression , nervousness , mood swings , mental status changes ( thinking abnormal , confusion ), paranoia , irritability , worsened confusion , difficulty with learning , memory or thinking , reflexes absent or impaired , problems expressing or understanding words , slurred speech , difficulty with speech or loss of ability to speak , sluggishness , balance or coordination impaired , burning sensation , increased abnormal sensation , reduced level of consciousness ( unresponsive or almost unconscious ), sedation , difficulty in concentrating , problems with the sense of smell , odd or no sense of taste , shaking , pins and needles , double vision , visual disturbance , intolerance to light , tinnitus ( ringing in the ears ), dizziness or spinning sensation , light - headedness or dizziness when standing , low blood pressure , shortness of breath , dry mouth , abdominal pain , worsened nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , sweating , itching , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle or joint pain , difficult or painful urination , difficulty starting or controlling urination , feeling jittery , falling , pain or pain exacerbated , fatigue , feeling cold , swelling of the face , legs or feet , chest pain , blood chemistry changes , mental impairment and weight decreased . uncommon ( may affect 1 to 10 users in 1000 ) infection of the blood stream , delirium ( feeling of mental confusion ), psychotic disorder ( abnormal thinking and perceptions ), thought disorders , abnormal dreams , incoherence ( inability to make sense ), loss of consciousness , stupor ( unresponsive / difficult to arouse ), stroke , encephalopathy ( brain disorder ), aggressiveness , abnormal heart rhythm , difficulty breathing , indigestion , rash , muscle inflammation , back pain , muscle twitching , neck pain , acute kidney failure , abnormal heart trace measurements ( ecg ), raised body temperature , difficulty walking . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment . these may be new symptoms or a change in your current symptoms . fevers and chills rash / hives severe infections pneumonia ( lung infection ) herpes infection viral infections unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin memory loss , trouble speaking , difficulty walking or problems with your eyesight yellowing of skin or whites of your eyes other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe infections fever cough vomiting pneumonia ( lung infection ) diarrhoea or constipation feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal ( belly ) pain feeling tired ( anaemia ) not feeling hungry loss of weight infusion - related reactions common cold dizziness 36 unusual sensations common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) chills viral infections herpes infection problems walking inflammation of the lungs raised liver enzymes joint pain itchiness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects may be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of tongue , lips or face , urticaria , skin rash these may be signs of an allergic reaction . feeling tired or very thirsty , having an increased appetite without gaining weight and passing more urine than usual these may be signs of high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) crushing chest pain with increased sweating this may be a serious heart problem ( ischaemic heart disease ). swelling mainly of the tongue , lips , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). difficulty breathing with wheezing or coughing . eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes these may be signs of glaucoma . irregular heartbeat . if you get any of these serious side effects , seek medical help immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) blocked nose , sneezing , cough , headache with or without fever - these may be signs of an upper respiratory tract infection . common combination of sore throat and runny nose - these may be signs of nasopharyngitis . painful and frequent urination these may be signs of a urinary tract infection called cystitis . feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead these may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis . runny or stuffy nose . dizziness . headache . cough . sore throat . upset stomach , indigestion . dental caries . difficulty and pain when passing urine these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or urinary retention . fever . chest pain . uncommon difficulty sleeping . fast heart beat . voice alteration ( hoarseness ). palpitations signs of abnormal heart beat . nose bleeds . diarrhoea or stomach ache . dry mouth . itching or rash . pain that affects the muscles , ligaments , tendons , joints and bones . muscle spasm . muscle pain , aches or tenderness . pain in arms or legs . swollen hands , ankles and feet . tiredness . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) tingling or numbness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : - a severe allergic reaction seen as fever , swollen mouth , face , lip or tongue , shortness of breath , itching , skin rash and sometimes a drop in blood pressure . ( rare side effect ) - combination of fever , sweating , muscle stiffness , and drowsiness or sleepiness . these can be the signs of the so - called neuroleptic malignant syndrome . ( side effect with frequency not known - inexplicable muscle pains , muscle cramps or muscle weakness . these may be signs of muscle damage which can cause very serious kidney problems . ( rare side effect ) - symptoms related to blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . ( side effect with frequency not known ) - thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself or to commit suicide , suicide attempt . ( uncommon side effect ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 44 - feeling of restlessness and inability to sit still - parkinsonism - a medical condition with many various symptoms which include decreased or slow movements , slowness of thought , jerks when bending the limbs ( cogwheel rigidity ), shuffling , steps , shaking , little or no facial expression , muscle stiffness , drooling common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anxiety - sleepiness , difficulty in sleeping , abnormal dreams , nightmare , sleepwalking - dizziness - involuntary twisting movements and strange postures - excessive teeth grinding or jaw clenching , drooling , persistent blinking in response to tapping of the forehead ( an abnormal reflex ), movement problems , tongue movement disturbance ( these are called extrapyramidal symptoms ) - blurred vision - high blood pressure - fast , irregular heartbeat - decreased or increased appetite - nausea , vomiting , constipation - weight increased - tiredness - the following can be seen in laboratory tests : ° increases in liver enzymes ° increases in the level of creatine phosphokinase in the blood ° abnormal amount of lipids ( e . g . cholesterol and / or fat ) in the blood uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - depression - sudden and severe confusion - spinning sensation - unpleasant , abnormal sense of touch - drowsiness , lack of energy or a lack of interest in doing things - involuntary movements , most commonly of the tongue or face . this can appear after short or long term use . - decreased or increased sexual desire , erectile problems - eye irritation , high pressure in the eye , poor vision - focusing problems seeing at a distance to or seeing close - to - low blood pressure - abnormal ecg reading , abnormal nerve impulses in the heart - slow , irregular heart rate - hiccups - heartburn - thirst - pain when passing urine - abnormally frequent and large urinations - itching , rash - diabetes - the following can be seen in laboratory tests : ° abnormal sodium level in the blood ° increased blood glucose ( blood sugar ), increased bile pigment ( bilirubin ) in the blood ° anaemia ( reduced levels of red blood cells ) ° increase in a type of white blood cells ° decreased level of thyroid stimulating hormone ( tsh ) in the blood 45 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - seizure - loss of memory , loss of speech - eye discomfort in bright light - clouding of the lens in the eye leading to a decrease in vision ( cataract ) - difficulty in swallowing - reduced levels of a type of white blood cells , this can make you more susceptible to infections - underactive thyroid gland side effects with not known frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - inflammation of the liver ( pain in the upper right abdomen , yellowing of the eye and skin , weakness , fever ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms , such as swollen face , tongue and / or back of the mouth ( pharynx ) and / or difficulties in breathing ( angioedema ), or a skin condition 70 whereby the skin can peel off ( exfoliative dermatitis ). these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction . kidney damage with low blood cell counts ( thrombocytopaenic purpura / haemolytic uraemic syndrome ) when taken with medicines called calcineurin inhibitors ( ciclosporin or tacrolimus ), rapamune may increase the risk of kidney damage with low blood platelets and low red blood cell counts , with or without rash ( thrombocytopaenic purpura / haemolytic uraemic syndrome ). if you experience symptoms , such as bruising or rash , changes in your urine , or changes in behaviour , or any others that are serious , unusual or prolonged , contact your doctor . infections rapamune reduces your body ' s own defence mechanisms . consequently your body will not be as good as normal at fighting infections . so if you are taking rapamune , you may therefore catch more infections than usual , such as infections of the skin , mouth , stomach and intestines , lungs and urinary tract ( see list below ). you should contact your doctor if you experience symptoms that are serious , unusual , or prolonged . side effect frequencies very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people fluid collection around the kidney swelling of the body including hands and feet pain fever headache increased blood pressure stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea low red blood cells , low blood platelets increased fat in the blood ( cholesterol and / or triglycerides ), increased blood sugar , low blood potassium , low blood phosphorus , increased lactate dehydrogenase in the blood , increased creatinine in the blood joint pain acne urinary tract infection pneumonia and other bacterial , viral , and fungal infections a reduced number of infection - fighting cells in the blood ( white blood cells ) diabetes abnormal tests of liver function , elevated ast and / or alt liver enzymes rash elevated protein in the urine menstrual disorders ( including absent , infrequent or heavy periods ) slow healing ( this may include separation of the layers of a surgical wound or stitch line ) rapid heart rate there is a general tendency for fluid to collect in various tissues . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people infections ( including life - threatening infections ) blood clots in the legs blood clots in the lung mouth sores 71 fluid collection in the abdomen kidney damage with low blood platelets and low red blood cell counts , with or without rash ( haemolytic uraemic syndrome ) low levels of a type of white blood cells called neutrophils deterioration of bone inflammation that may lead to lung damage , fluid around the lung nose bleeds skin cancer kidney infection ovarian cysts fluid collection in the sac around the heart , that in some cases may decrease the heart ' s ability to pump blood inflammation of the pancreas allergic reactions shingles cytomegalovirus infection uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people cancer of the lymph tissue ( lymphoma / post - transplant lympho - proliferative disorder ), combined lowering of red blood cells , white blood cells and blood platelets bleeding from the lung protein in the urine , occasionally severe and associated with side effects , such as swelling scarring in the kidney that may reduce kidney function too much fluid collecting in the tissues due to irregular lymph function low blood platelets , with or without rash ( thrombocytopaenic purpura ) serious allergic reactions that can cause peeling of the skin tuberculosis epstein - barr virus infection infectious diarrhoea with clostridium difficile serious liver damage rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people protein build - up in the air sacs of the lungs that may interfere with breathing serious allergic reactions that can affect blood vessels ( see above paragraph on allergic reactions ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ), a serious nervous system syndrome that has the following symptoms : headache , nausea , vomiting , confusion , seizures , and visual loss . should any of these occur together , please contact your physician . s - lam patients experienced similar side effects to those of kidney transplant patients , with the addition of weight loss , which may affect up to 1 in 10 people . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and lifestyle , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . when treating hiv infection it is not always possible to differentiate between unwanted effects caused by invirase or by any other medicines you take at the same time or by the complications of the infection . for these reasons it is very important to inform your doctor of any change in your condition . the most frequently ( in more than ten in a hundred persons ) reported side effects of saquinavir taken with ritonavir concern the gastrointestinal tract , with feeling sick , diarrhoea , tiredness , vomiting , wind and abdominal pain being the most common . also , changes in laboratory markers ( e . g ., blood or urine tests ) have been reported very commonly . other reported side effects ( in more than one in a hundred but less than one in ten persons ), which may occur are : rash , itching , eczema and dry skin , hair loss , dry mouth , headache , peripheral neuropathy ( a disturbance of the nerves in the feet and hands that may take the form of numbness , pins and needles , shooting or burning pain ), weakness , dizziness , libido problems , taste alteration , mouth ulcers , dry lips , abdominal discomfort , indigestion , weight loss , constipation , increased appetite , muscle spasms and shortness of breath . other less frequently reported side effects ( in more than one in one thousand persons but less than one in a hundred persons ) include : decreased appetite , visual disturbance , inflammation of the liver , fits , allergic reactions , blisters , sleepiness , abnormal renal function , inflammation of the pancreas , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes caused by liver problems and steven ' s johnson syndrome ( a serious illness with blistering of the skin , eyes , mouth and genitals ). in patients with haemophilia type a and b , there have been reports of increased bleeding while taking this treatment or another protease inhibitor . should this happen to you , seek immediate advice from your doctor . there have been reports of muscle pain , tenderness or weakness , particularly with combination antiretroviral therapy including protease inhibitors and nucleoside analogues . on rare occasions these muscle disorders have been serious ( rhabdomyolysis ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects can be seen after the use of gardasil : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 patients ), side effects found at the injection site include : pain , swelling and redness . headache was also seen . common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 patients ), side effects found at the injection site include : bruising , itching , pain in extremity . fever and nausea have also been reported . rare ( may affect less than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ): hives ( urticaria ). very rare ( may affect less than 1 in 10 , 000 patients ), difficulty breathing ( bronchospasm ) has been reported . when gardasil was given with a combined diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis [ acellular , component ] and poliomyelitis [ inactivated ] booster vaccine during the same visit , there was more headache and injection - site swelling . side effects that have been reported during marketed use include : fainting , sometimes accompanied by shaking or stiffening , has been reported . although fainting episodes are uncommon , patients should be observed for 15 minutes after they receive hpv vaccine . allergic reactions that may include difficulty breathing , wheezing ( bronchospasm ), hives and rash have been reported . some of these reactions have been severe . as with other vaccines , side effects that have been reported during general use include : swollen glands ( neck , armpit , or groin ); muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms , legs and upper body , or confusion ( guillain - barré syndrome , acute disseminated encephalomyelitis ); dizziness , vomiting , joint pain , aching muscles , unusual tiredness or weakness , chills , generally feeling unwell , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , and skin infection at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible side effects : tell a doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect of some hiv medicines . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women particularly if they are overweight , and in people with liver disease . the following may be signs of lactic acidosis : deep , rapid breathing tiredness or drowsiness feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) stomach pain if you think you may have lactic acidosis , tell your doctor immediately . any signs of inflammation or infection . in some patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of opportunistic infections ( infections that occur in people with a weak immune system ), signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is thought that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you notice any symptoms of inflammation or infection , tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dizziness , headache rash feeling weak tests may also show : decreases in phosphate levels in the blood increased levels of creatine kinase in the blood that may result in muscle pain and weakness increased levels of cholesterol and / or pancreatic amylase in the blood increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood if any of the side effects get serious tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decreased appetite depression and depressed mood tiredness , feeling sleepy ( somnolence ) drowsiness pain , stomach pain or discomfort , feeling bloated , dry mouth abnormal dreams , sleep disorders problems with digestion resulting in discomfort after meals , wind ( flatulence ) rashes ( including red spots or blotches sometimes with blistering and swelling of the skin ), which may be allergic reactions , itching , changes in skin colour including darkening of the skin in patches other allergic reactions , such as wheezing , swelling or feeling light - headed tests may also show : low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) low platelet count ( a type of blood cell involved in clotting blood ) decrease in haemoglobin in your blood ( low red blood cell count ) increased fatty acids ( triglycerides ), bilirubin or sugar in the blood pancreas problems if any of the side effects get serious tell your doctor . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) pain in the abdomen ( tummy ) caused by inflammation of the pancreas breakdown of muscle , muscle pain or weakness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat signs or symptoms of inflammation or infection severe skin reactions including rash accompanied by fever , swelling and liver problems damage to kidney tubule cells tests may also show : decreases in potassium in the blood increases in creatinine in your blood changes to your urine if any of the side effects get serious tell your doctor . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see possible side effects : tell a doctor immediately ) back pain caused by kidney problems , including kidney failure . your doctor may do blood tests to see if your kidneys are working properly fatty liver yellow skin or eyes , itching or pain in the abdomen ( tummy ) caused by inflammation of the liver inflammation of the kidney , passing a lot of urine and feeling thirsty softening of the bones ( with bone pain and sometimes resulting in fractures ) the breakdown of muscle , softening of the bones ( with bone pain and sometimes resulting in fractures ), muscle pain , muscle weakness and decreases in potassium or phosphate in the blood may occur due to damage to kidney tubule cells . if any of the side effects get serious tell your doctor . other effects that may be seen during hiv treatment the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). bone problems . some patients taking combination antiretroviral medicines such as eviplera may develop a bone disease called osteonecrosis ( death of bone tissue caused by loss of blood supply to the bone ). taking this type of medicine for a long time , taking corticosteroids , drinking alcohol , having a very weak immune system , and being overweight , may be some of the many risk factors for developing this disease . signs of osteonecrosis are : joint stiffness joint aches and pains ( especially of the hip , knee and shoulder ) difficulty with movement if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of angioedema , such as : swollen face , tongue or pharynx difficulty to swallow hives and difficulties to breathe . during clinical trials and after the vaccine came on the market , the following side effects were reported with the use of intanza . very common reactions ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - at the injection site : redness , hardness , swelling , itching and pain . - headache and muscular pain . common reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bruising at the injection site . - feeling generally unwell , fever ( 38 . 0 or higher ) and shivering . uncommon reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , joint pain and increased sweating . rare reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - tingling or numbness , inflammation of nerves , itching and rash . reactions of not known frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions including skin reactions that may spread throughout the body such as hives , severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reactions ), swollen face , tongue or pharynx , difficulty to swallow , hives and difficulties to breathe ( angioedema ), failure of the circulatory system ( shock ) leading to medical emergency . most of side effects listed above disappeared without treatment within 1 to 3 days after onset . in some cases , redness at the injection site lasted up to 7 days . the following side effects have been reported with other vaccines given to prevent flu . these side effects may occur with intanza . temporary reduction in the number of blood particles called platelets which can result in bruising or bleeding , temporary swelling of the glands in the neck , armpit or groin . pain located on the nerve route , convulsions associated with fever , nervous system disorders including inflammation of the brain or spinal cord or guillain - barré syndrome which causes extreme weakness and paralysis . vessel inflammation which may result in very rare cases in temporary kidney problems . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), uncontrolled bleeding , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills severe headache that does not go away . temozolomide hexal treatment can cause a reduction in certain kinds of blood cells . this may cause you to have increased bruising or bleeding , anaemia ( a shortage of red blood cells ), fever , and reduced resistance to infections . the reduction in blood cell counts is usually short - lived . in some cases , it may be prolonged and may lead to a very severe form of anaemia ( aplastic anaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your temozolomide hexal dose will be reduced or treatment stopped . other side effects that have been reported are listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): loss of appetite , difficulty speaking , headache vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation rash , hair loss , tiredness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , oral infections , wound infection reduced number of blood cells ( neutropenia , thrombocytopenia , lymphopenia ) allergic reaction increased blood sugar memory impairment , depression , anxiety , confusion , inability to fall asleep or stay asleep impaired coordination and balance difficulty concentrating , change in mental status or alertness , forgetfulness dizziness , impaired sensations , tingling sensation , shaking , abnormal taste partial loss of vision , abnormal vision , double vision , dry or painful eyes deafness , ringing in the ears , earache blood clot in lung or legs , high blood pressure pneumonia , shortness of breath , bronchitis , cough , inflammation of your sinuses stomach or abdominal pain , upset stomach / heartburn , difficulty swallowing dry skin , itching muscle damage , muscle weakness , muscle aches and pain painful joint , back pain frequent urination , difficulty withholding your urine fever , flu - like symptoms , pain , feeling unwell , a cold or the flu fluid retention , swollen legs liver enzyme elevations loss of weight , weight gain radiation injury uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): brain infections ( meningoencephalitis herpetic ) including fatal cases new or reactivated cytomegalovirus infections reactivated hepatitis b virus infections secondary cancers including leukaemia reduced blood cell counts ( pancytopenia , anaemia , leukopenia ) red spots under the skin diabetes insipidus ( symptoms include increased urination and feeling thirsty ), low potassium level in the blood mood swings , hallucination partial paralysis , change in your sense of smell hearing impairment , infection of the middle ear palpitations ( when you can feel your heart beat ), hot flushes swollen stomach , difficulty controlling your bowel movements , haemorrhoids , dry mouth hepatitis and injury to the liver ( including fatal liver failure ), cholestasis , increased bilirubin blisters on body or in mouth , skin peeling , skin eruption , painful reddening of the skin , severe rash with skin swelling ( including palms and soles ) increased sensitivity to sunlight , urticaria ( hives ), increased sweating , change in skin colour difficulty in urinating vaginal bleeding , vaginal irritation , absent or heavy menstrual periods , breast pain , sexual impotence shivering , face swelling , discolouration of the tongue , thirst , tooth disorder reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar level falls too low you may pass out ( become unconscious ). serious hypoglycaemia may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , see the box at the end of this leaflet . severe allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include large - scale skin reactions ( rash and itching all over the body ), severe swelling of skin or mucous membranes ( angiooedema ), shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure with rapid heart beat and sweating . severe allergic reactions to insulins may become life - threatening . tell a doctor straight away if you notice signs of severe allergic reaction . skin changes at the injection site if you inject insulin too often at the sameplace , the skin may either shrink ( lipoatrophy , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or thicken ( lipohypertrophy , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). also lumps under the skin caused by build - up of a protein called amyloid may occur ( cutaneous amyloidosis , how often they occur is not known ). the insulin may not work very well . change the injection site with each injection to help prevent these skin changes . common reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin and allergic reactions at the injection site the signs may include reddening , unusually intense pain when injecting , itching , hives , swelling or inflammation . this can spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually disappear in a few days to a few weeks . rare reported side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye reactions a marked change ( improvement or worsening ) in your blood sugar control can disturb your vision temporarily . if you have proliferative retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes ) severe hypoglycaemic attacks may cause temporary loss of vision . general disorders in rare cases , insulin treatment may also cause temporary build - up of water in the body , with swelling in the calves and ankles . very rare reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) in very rare cases , dysgeusia ( taste disorders ) and myalgia ( muscular pain ) can occur . use in children and adolescents in general , the side effects in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . complaints of injection site reactions ( injection site reaction , injection site pain ) and skin reactions ( rash , urticaria ) are reported relatively more frequently in children and adolescents of 18 years of age or less than in adults . there is no experience in children under 2 years . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . side effects related to the first infusion are very common ( occurring in more than 30 % of patients ) but are less common following subsequent infusions . the majority of the side effects , such as fever and chills , pain in the muscles or joints , and headache , occur within the first three days following the dose of zoledronic acid teva pharma . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor can recommend a mild pain reliever such as ibuprofen or paracetamol to reduce these side effects . the chance of experiencing these side effects decreases with subsequent doses of zoledronic acid teva pharma . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen in patients receiving zoledronic acid teva pharma for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis . it is currently unclear whether zoledronic acid teva pharma causes this irregular heart rhythm but you should report it to your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid teva pharma . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , redness , pain and itching to the eyes or eye sensitivity to light . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) pain in the mouth , and / or jaw , swelling or non - healing sores in the mouth or jaw , discharge , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth ; these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva pharma or after stopping treatment . kidney disorders ( e . g . decreased urine output ) may occur . your doctor should do a blood test to check your kidney function before each dose of zoledronic acid teva pharma . it is important for you to drink at least 2 glasses of fluid ( such as water ), within a few hours before receiving zoledronic acid teva pharma , as directed by your healthcare provider . if you experience any of the above side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . zoledronic acid teva pharma may also cause other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people fever . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people 58 headache , dizziness , sickness , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the muscles , pain in the bones and / or joints , pain in the back , arms or legs , flu - like symptoms ( e . g . tiredness , chills , joint and muscle pain ), chills , feeling of tiredness and lack of interest , weakness , pain , feeling unwell , swelling and / or pain at the infusion site . in patients with paget ' s disease symptoms due to low blood calcium , such as muscle spasms , or numbness , or a tingling sensation especially in the area around the mouth have been reported . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people flu , upper respiratory tract infections , decreased red cell count , loss of appetite , sleeplessness , sleepiness which may include reduced alertness and awareness , tingling sensation or numbness , extreme tiredness , trembling , temporary loss of consciousness , eye infection or irritation or inflammation with pain and redness , spinning sensation , increased blood pressure , flushing , cough , shortness of breath , upset stomach , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , heartburn , skin rash , excessive sweating , itching , skin reddening , neck pain , stiffness in muscles , bones and / or joints , joint swelling , muscle spasms , shoulder pain , pain in your chest muscles and rib cage , joint inflammation , muscular weakness , abnormal kidney test results , abnormal frequent urination , swelling of hands , ankles or feet , thirst , toothache , taste disturbances . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reactions including dizziness and difficulty breathing , swelling mainly of the face and throat , decreased blood pressure , dehydration secondary to post - dose symptoms such as fever , vomiting and diarrhoea . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop using atectura breezhaler and get medical help immediately if you have any of the following : common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in every 100 people - swelling mainly of the tongue , lips , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - sore throat - runny nose - sudden difficulty breathing and feeling of tightness in chest with wheezing or coughing common : may affect up to 1 in every 10 people - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - blocked nose - sneezing , cough - headache - pain in muscles , bones or joints ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) uncommon : may affect up to 1 in every 100 people - fast heart beat - oral thrush ( sign of candidiasis ) - high level of sugar in the blood - muscle spasm - skin itching - rash - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of cataract ) - blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects although not everybody gets them . talk to a nurse or a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - you may need urgent medical treatment : rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) persistent eye pain and inflammation new pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the thigh bone . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain or sore in your mouth or jaw , you may have early signs of severe jaw problems ( necrosis ( dead bone tissue ) in the jaw bone . itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section 2 ). severe adverse skin reactions ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma attack other possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1in 10 people ) rise in body temperature . flu - like symptoms , including fever , shaking and shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints . these symptoms usually disappear within a couple of hours or days . talk to a nurse or doctor if any effects become troublesome or last more than a couple of days stomach and tummy pain , indigestion , being sick vomiting or having diarrhoea ( loose bowels ) low calcium or phosphate levels in your blood changes in blood test results such as gamma gt or creatinine a heart rhythm problem called ' bundle branch block ' pain in your bone or muscles headache , feeling dizzy or feeling weak feeling thirsty , sore throat , changes in taste swollen legs or feet aching joints , arthritis , or other joint problems problems with your parathyroid gland bruising infections a problem with your eyes called ' cataracts ' skin problems tooth problems . uncommon ( may affect less than 1 in 100 people ) shaking or shivering your body temperature getting too low (' hypothermia ') a condition affecting the blood vessels in your brain called ' cerebrovascular disorder ' ( stroke or brain bleeding ) heart and circulatory problems ( including palpitations , heart attack , hypertension ( high blood pressure ) and varicose veins ) changes in your blood cells (' anaemia ') a high level of alkaline phosphatase in your blood fluid build up and swelling (' lymphoedema ') fluid in your lungs 75 stomach problems such as ' gastroenteritis ' or ' gastritis ' gallstones being unable to pass water ( urine ), cystitis ( bladder inflammation ) migraine pain in your nerves , damaged nerve root deafness increased sensitivity of sound , taste or touch or changes in smell difficulty swallowing mouth ulcers , swollen lips (' cheilitis '), oral thrush itching or tingling skin around your mouth pelvic pain , discharge , itching or pain in the vagina a skin growth called a ' benign skin neoplasm ' memory loss sleep problems , feeling anxious , emotional instability , or mood swings skin rash hair loss injury or pain at the injection site weight loss kidney cyst ( fluid - filled sac in the kidney ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diabetes mellitus , difficulty sleeping , feeling anxious , feeling restless and unable to keep still , difficulty sitting still , uncontrollable twitching , jerking or writhing movements , restless legs , trembling , headache , 43 tiredness , sleepiness , light - headedness , shaking and blurred vision , decreased number of or difficulty making bowel movements , indigestion , feeling sick , more saliva in mouth than normal , vomiting , feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood levels of the hormone prolactin , too much sugar in the blood , depression , altered or increased sexual interest ; uncontrollable movements of mouth , tongue and limbs ( tardive dyskinesia ), muscle disorder causing twisting movements ( dystonia ), double vision , eye sensitivity to light , fast heartbeat , a fall in blood pressure on standing up which causes dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , hiccups . the following side effects have been reported since the marketing of oral aripiprazole but the frequency for them to occur is not known : low levels of white blood cells , low levels of blood platelets , allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue , face and throat , itching , hives ), onset or worsening of diabetes , ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma , high blood sugar , not enough sodium in the blood , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), weight loss , weight gain , thoughts of suicide , suicide attempt and suicide , feeling aggressive , agitation , nervousness , combination of fever , muscle stiffness , faster breathing , sweating , reduced consciousness and sudden changes in blood pressure and heart rate , fainting ( neuroleptic malignant syndrome ), seizure , serotonin syndrome ( a reaction which may cause feelings of great happiness , drowsiness , clumsiness , restlessness , feeling of being drunk , fever , sweating or rigid muscles ), speech disorder , fixation of the eyeballs in one position , sudden unexplained death , life - threatening irregular heartbeat , heart attack , slower heartbeat , blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing ( if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately ), 44 high blood pressure , fainting , accidental inhalation of food with risk of pneumonia ( lung infection ), spasm of the muscles around the voice box , inflammation of the pancreas , difficulty swallowing , diarrhoea , abdominal discomfort , stomach discomfort , liver failure , inflammation of the liver , yellowing of the skin and white part of eyes , reports of abnormal liver test values , skin rash , skin sensitivity to light , baldness , excessive sweating , abnormal muscle breakdown which can lead to kidney problems , muscle pain , stiffness , involuntary loss of urine ( incontinence ), difficulty in passing urine , withdrawal symptoms in newborn babies in case of exposure during pregnancy , prolonged and / or painful erection , difficulty controlling core body temperature or overheating , chest pain , swelling of hands , ankles or feet , in blood tests : increased or fluctuating blood sugar , increased glycosylated haemoglobin . inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ) - a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . in elderly patients with dementia , more fatal cases have been reported while taking aripiprazole . in addition , cases of stroke or " mini " stroke have been reported . additional side effects in children and adolescents adolescents aged 13 years and older experienced side effects that were similar in frequency and type to those in adults except that sleepiness , uncontrollable twitching or jerking movements , restlessness , and tiredness were very common ( greater than 1 in 10 patients ) and upper abdominal pain , dry mouth , increased heart rate , weight gain , increased appetite , muscle twitching , uncontrolled movements of the limbs , and feeling dizzy , especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position , were common ( greater than 1 in 100 patients ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 45 listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have a severe allergic reaction to takhzyro with symptoms such as a rash , tight chest , wheezing , or a fast heart beat , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): reactions where the injection is given symptoms include pain , skin redness , bruising , discomfort , swelling , bleeding , itching , hardening of skin , tingling , warmth and rash . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions including itching , discomfort and tingling of the tongue dizziness , feeling faint raised skin rash muscle pain blood tests showing liver changes reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : excessive sleepiness , dizziness , confusion , disorientation , difficulty talking , difficulty walking , muscle stiffness or shaking , weakness , irritability , aggression , anxiety , increase in blood pressure , or convulsions and can lead to unconsciousness . these signs and symptoms can sometimes occur as a result of zypadhera entering the bloodstream too quickly ( a common side effect that may affect up to1 in10 people ); unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). other common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) with zypadhera include sleepiness and injection site pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) with zypadhera include injection site infection . the side effects listed below have been observed when oral olanzapine has been given but may occur following administration of zypadhera . other very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . other common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and in early treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . other uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching ; rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; seizures , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ); muscle stiffness or spasms ( including eye movements ); restless legs syndrome ; problems with speech ; stuttering ; slow heart rate ; sensitivity to sunlight ; bleeding from the nose : abdominal distension ; drooling ; memory loss or forgetfulness ; urinary incontinence ; lack of ability to urinate ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe 42 stomach pain , fever and sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection . very rare side effects include serious allergic reactions such as drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen on blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). while taking olanzapine , elderly patients with dementia may suffer from stroke , pneumonia , urinary incontinence , falls , extreme tiredness , visual hallucinations , a rise in body temperature , redness of the skin and have trouble walking . some fatal cases have been reported in this particular group of patients . in patients with parkinson ' s disease oral olanzapine may worsen the symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them , so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . allergic reactions juluca contains dolutegravir . dolutegravir can cause a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . this is an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reaction in people taking dolutegravir . if you get any of the following symptoms : skin rash a high temperature ( fever ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing muscle or joint aches  see a doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to carry out tests to check your liver , kidneys or blood , and may tell you to stop taking juluca . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : headache dizziness diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ). very common side effects that may show up in blood tests are : increase in the level of liver enzymes ( aminotransferases ) increase in cholesterol increase in pancreatic amylase ( a digestive enzyme ). common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : loss of appetite rash itching ( pruritus ) being sick ( vomiting ) stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort wind ( flatulence ) feeling drowsy sleep disorders abnormal dreams lack of energy ( fatigue ) depression ( feelings of deep sadness and unworthiness ) depressed mood anxiety dry mouth . common side effects that may show up in blood tests are : increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ). decreased number of platelets , which are involved in blood clotting low white blood cell count decrease in haemoglobin increase in triglycerides ( a type of fat ) increase in lipase ( an enzyme involved in breaking down fats ) increase in bilirubin ( a test of liver function ) in your blood . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction ( see ' allergic reactions ' earlier in this section ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) suicidal thoughts and behaviours ( particularly in patients who have had depression or mental health problems before ) joint pain muscle pain . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1000 people : liver failure ( signs may include yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes or unusually dark urine ). not known frequency cannot be estimated from the available data : signs or symptoms of inflammation or infection , for example fever , chills , sweats ( immune reactivation syndrome ). other possible side effects people taking combination therapy for hiv may get other side effects . symptoms of infection and inflammation people with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) have weak immune systems , and are more likely to develop serious infections ( opportunistic infections ). symptoms of infection may develop , caused by old , hidden infections flaring up again as the body fights them . symptoms usually include fever , plus some of the following : headache stomach ache difficulty breathing . in rare cases , as the immune system becomes stronger , it can also attack healthy body tissue ( autoimmune disorders ). the symptoms of autoimmune disorders may develop many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . symptoms may include : palpitations ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ) or tremor hyperactivity ( excessive restlessness and movement ) weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body . if you get any symptoms of infection or if you notice any of the symptoms above :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . joint pain , stiffness and bone problems some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue die because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if they are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called corticosteroids if they drink alcohol if their immune systems are very weak if they are overweight . signs of osteonecrosis include : 50 stiffness in the joints aches and pains in the joints ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) difficulty moving . if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of taxespira alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia ( hair loss ), nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of taxespira may be increased when taxespira is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions may occur ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing fever or chills back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of taxespira the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets ( important in blood clotting ) fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough 67 bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual periods swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis ( thrush ) dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis ( inflammation of the gullet ) dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage ( bleeding ) raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when docetaxel therapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , potassium , magnesium , and / or calcium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ). ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , dizziness , and / or fainting ). some of these symptoms can be serious . if this happens , you must tell your doctor immediately . injection site reactions at the site of a previous reaction . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects talk to your doctor , hospital pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 68 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital if you have localised swelling , which may result in breathing difficulties , after inductos has been used in surgery of the upper ( neck ) region of your spine . the frequency of this side effect is unknown and cannot be estimated from the available data . other side effects lower back spine fusion surgery talk to your doctor if you have any of the following : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): additional bone growth , movement of the implanted medical device , localised fluid build - up and pain radiating from your back to your leg ( sciatica ) unknown ( cannot be estimated from available data ): increased breakdown of the bone fractures of the shin bone talk to your doctor if you have any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): localised infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): localised fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from available data ): increased breakdown of the bone reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - nausea or vomit ( feeling or being sick ), diarrhoea - signs of liver problems - these include yellowing of your skin or whites of the eyes , unusually dark urine or pale faeces , feeling sick for no reason , stomach problems , loss of appetite or unusual tiredness or weakness , an increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - allergic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people - a change in the salt level in your blood shown in blood tests - signs include feeling confused or weak - abnormal skin sensations , such as numbness , tingling , itching , creeping , pricking or burning - headache - low potassium levels shown up in blood tests - low magnesium levels shown up in blood tests - high blood pressure - loss of appetite , stomach pain or upset stomach , passing wind , dry mouth , changes in your taste - heartburn ( a burning sensation in the chest rising up to the throat ) - low levels of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) this can make you more likely to get infections and be shown up in blood tests - fever - feeling weak , dizzy , tired or sleepy - rash - itching - constipation - rectal discomfort uncommon : the following may affect up to 1 in 100 people - anaemia - signs include headaches , feeling tired or dizzy , being short of breath or looking pale and a low level of haemoglobin shown up in blood tests - low level of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) shown in blood tests this may lead to bleeding - low level of " leukocytes " a type of white blood cell ( leukopenia ) shown in blood tests this can make you more likely to get infections - high level of " eosinophils " a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) this can happen if you have inflammation - inflammation of the blood vessels - heart rhythm problems 35 - fits ( convulsions ) - nerve damage ( neuropathy ) - abnormal heart rhythm shown up on a heart trace ( ecg ), palpitations , slow or fast heartbeat , high or low blood pressure - low blood pressure - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) this may cause severe stomach pain - oxygen supply to the spleen is interrupted ( splenic infarction ) - this may cause severe stomach pain - severe kidney problems signs include passing more or less urine , that is a different colour than usual - high blood levels of creatinine shown in blood tests - cough , hiccups - nose bleeds - severe sharp chest pain when breathing in ( pleurritic pain ) - swelling of lymph glands ( lymphadenopathy ) - reduced feeling of sensitivity especially on the skin - tremor - high or low blood sugar levels - blurred vision , sensitivity to light - hair loss ( alopecia ) - mouth ulcers - shivering , feeling generally unwell - pain , back or neck pain , pain in arms or legs - water retention ( oedema ) - menstrual problems ( abnormal vaginal bleeding ) - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - being completely or partially unable to talk - swelling of the mouth - abnormal dreams , or difficulty sleeping - problems with co - ordination or balance - mucosal inflammation - stuffy nose - difficulty breathing - chest discomfort - feeling bloated - mild to severe nausea , vomiting , cramps and diarrhoea , usually caused by a virus , stomach pain - belching - feeling jittery rare : the following may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - pneumonia signs include feeling short of breath and producing discoloured phlegm - high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary hypertension ) this can cause serious damage to your lungs and heart - blood problems such as unusual blood clotting or prolonged bleeding - severe allergic reactions , including widespread blistering rash and skin peeling - mental problems such as hearing voices or seeing things that are not there - fainting - having problems thinking or talking , having jerking movements , especially in your hands that you cannot control - stroke signs include pain , weakness , numbness , or tingling in the limbs - having a blind or dark spot in your field of vision - heart failure or heart attack which could lead to the heart stopping beating and death , heart rhythm problems , with sudden death - blood clots in your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) signs include intense pain or swelling of the legs - blood clots in your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) signs include feeling short of breath or pain while breathing 36 - bleeding into your stomach or gut signs include vomiting blood or passing blood in your stool - a blockage in your gut ( intestinal obstruction ) especially in the " ileum ". the blockage will prevent the contents of your intestine from passing through to the lower bowel signs include feeling bloated , vomiting , severe constipation , loss of appetite , and cramps - " haemolytic uraemic syndrome " when red blood cells breakup ( hemolysis ) which may happen with or without kidney failure - " pancytopenia " low level of all blood cells ( red and white blood cells and platelets ) shown in blood tests - large purple discolourations on the skin ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ) - swelling of the face or tongue - depression - double vision - breast pain - adrenal glands not working properly this may cause weakness , tiredness , loss of appetite , skin discolouration - pituitary gland not working properly this may cause low blood levels of some hormones that affect the function of the male or female sex organs - hearing problems some patients have also reported feeling confused after taking posaconazole ahcl , the frequency of this is not known . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects braftovi may cause serious side effects . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ): heart problems : braftovi when taken with binimetinib can affect how well your heart works ( left ventricular ejection fraction decrease ); signs and symptoms can include : - feeling dizzy , tired or lightheaded - shortness of breath - feeling like your heart is pounding , racing or beating irregularly - swelling in the legs eye problems : braftovi , when taken with binimetinib can cause serious eye problems such as fluid to leak under the retina in the eye , leading to detachment of different layers in the eye ( retinal epithelial pigmental detachment ). call your doctor right away if you get these symptoms of eye problems : - blurred vision , loss of vision , or other vision changes ( such as coloured dots in your vision ) - halo ( seeing blurred outline around objects ) - eye pain , swellling or redness bleeding problems : braftovi can cause serious bleeding problems . tell your doctor right away if you have any unusual signs of bleeding , including : - headaches , dizziness or weakness - coughing up of blood or blood clots - vomit containing blood or that looks like " coffee grounds " - red or black stools that look like tar - passing blood in the urine - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - unusual vaginal bleeding muscle problems : braftovi , when taken with binimetinib can cause breakdown of muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) which can lead to kidney damage and can be fatal ; signs and symptoms can include : - muscle pain , cramps , stiffness or spasm - dark urine other skin cancers : treatment with braftovi may result in a type of skin cancer such as cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma . usually , these skin changes ( see also section 2 ) are confined to a small area and can be removed with surgery and treatment with braftovi can continue without interruption . some people taking braftovi may also notice new melanomas . these melanomas are usually removed by surgery and treatment with braftovi can continue without interruption . other side effects besides the serious side effects mentioned above , people taking braftovi may also get other side effects . side effects when braftovi and binimetinib are taken together for treatment of melanoma very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduced red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - problem with the nerves resulting in pain , loss of sensation or tingling in hands and feet - headache - dizziness - bleeding at various sites in the body - high blood pressure - problems with your vision ( visual impairment ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - being sick ( vomiting ) 50 - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - itching - dry skin - hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - skin rash of various types - thickening of the outer layers of the skin - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain , weakness or spasm - back pain - pain in the extremities - fever - swelling of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ), localised swelling - fatigue - abnormal blood test results for liver function - abnormal blood test results related to blood creatine kinase ( an enzyme found in the blood that may indicate muscle inflammation or damage ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - some types of skin tumours such as skin papilloma and basal cell carcinoma - allergic reaction that may include swelling of the face and difficulty breathing - changes in the way things taste - inflammation of the eye ( uveitis ) - blood clots - inflammation of the colon ( colitis ) - redness , chapping or cracking of the skin - inflammation of the fatty layer under the skin , symptoms include tender skin nodules - skin rash with a flat discoloured area or raised bumps like acne ( dermatitis acneiform ) - redness , skin peeling or blisters on hand and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - kidney failure - abnormal kidney test results ( creatinine elevations ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function ( blood alkaline phosphatase ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( amylase , lipase ) - increased skin sensitivity to sunlight uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - weakness and paralysis of face muscles - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing severe abdominal pain side effects when braftovi was used on its own in clinical trials conducted in patients with melanoma if you continue braftovi on its own while the other medicine ( binimetinib ) is temporarily stopped based on your doctor ' s decision , you may get some of the side effects given in the lists above , although the frequency may change ( increase or decrease ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fatigue - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - skin rash of various types - redness , skin peeling or blisters on hand and feet ( called palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - thickening of the outer layers of the skin ( hyperkeratosis ) - dry skin 51 - itching - abnormal hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - redness , chapping or cracking of the skin - skin darkening - lost of appetite - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - headache - problem with the nerves that can produce pain , loss of sensation or tingling in hands and feet - changes in the way things taste - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain , spasm or weakness - pain in the extremities - back pain - fever - some types of benign skin tumour such as melanocytic naevus and skin papilloma - abnormal blood tests results related to the liver common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reaction that may include swelling of the face and difficulty in breathing - weakness and paralysis of face muscles - fast heart beat - skin rash with a flat discoloured area or raised bumps like acne ( dermatitis acneiform ) - peeling or scaly skin - inflammation of joints ( arthritis ) - kidney failure - abnormal kidney test results ( creatinine elevations ) - increased skin sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal blood test result for pancreas function ( lipase ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - type of skin cancer such as basal cell carcinoma - inflammation of the eye ( uveitis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing severe abdominal pain - abnormal blood test result for pancreas function ( amylase ) side effects when braftovi is taken together with cetuximab for treatment of large intestine cancer besides the serious side effects mentioned above , people taking braftovi together with cetuximab may also get the following side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - new moles called " melanocytic naevus " - lost of appetite - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - problem with the nerves resulting in pain , loss of sensation or tingling in hands and feet - headache - bleeding at various sites in the body - diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - skin rash with a flat discoloured area or raised bumps like acne ( dermatitis acneiform ) - skin rash of various types - dry skin - itching - joint pain ( arthralgia ) and muscle and / or bone pain ( musculosketal pain ) 52 - muscle pain , weakness or spasm - pain in the extremities - back pain - fatigue - fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - some types of skin tumours such as skin papilloma . - allergic reaction that may include swelling of the face and difficulty breathing - dizziness - changes in the way things taste - fast heart beat - skin darkening - redness , skin peeling or blisters on hand and feet ( palmar plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - thickening of the outer layers of the skin ( hyperkeratosis ) - redness , chapping or cracking of the skin - hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - kidney failure - abnormal kidney test results ( creatinine elevations ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - some types of skin tumours such as basal cell carcinoma - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) causing severe abdominal pain - skin peeling - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( amylase , lipase ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor immediately , if you notice any of the side effects below : fever lasting longer than 3 days or any other symptoms that might suggest a serious infection . these include shivering , chills , malaise , loss of appetite , body aches , typically in connection with a sudden onset of illness , sore throat or mouth ulcers , cough , phlegm , chest pain , difficulty breathing , ear pain , prolonged headache or localised redness , warmth or swelling of your skin or inflammation of connective tissue ( cellulitis ). these symptoms could be due to a serious infection , an unusual infection ( opportunistic infection ) or be related to low levels of white blood cells ( called leukopenia or neutropenia ). your doctor may check your blood regularly if considered necessary . allergic reactions with rash and itching and possibly also hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , unusual awareness of your heart beat ( palpitations ) or low blood pressure . other side effects of ilaris include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections of any kind . these can include : respiratory infections such as chest infection , flu , sore throat , runny nose , blocked nose , sneezing , feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks or forehead with or without fever ( pneumonia , bronchitis , influenza , sinusitis , rhinitis , pharyngitis , tonsilitis , nasopharyngitis , upper respiratory tract infection ). other infections such as ear infection , skin infection ( cellulitis ), stomach pain and feeling sick ( gastroenteritis ) and painful and frequent urination with or without fever ( urinary tract infection ). upper abdominal pain . pain in joints ( arthralgia ). drop in level of white blood cells ( leukopenia ). abnormal kidney function test results ( creatinine renal clearance decreased , proteinuria ). injection site reaction ( such as redness , swelling , warmth and itching ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): candida - vaginal yeast infection ( vulvovaginal candidiasis ). feeling dizzy , spinning sensation ( dizziness or vertigo ). pain in the back or muscles . feeling weak or very tired ( fatigue , asthenia ). drop in level of white blood cells which help prevent infection ( neutropenia ). abnormal levels of triglycerides in your blood ( lipid metabolism disorder ). abnormal liver function test results ( transaminases increased ) or high level of bilirubin in the blood , with or without yellow skin and eyes ( hyperbilirubinaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heartburn ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ). drop in level of blood cells which help prevent bleeding ( platelets ). tell your doctor or your child ' s doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during the marketing of aerius , cases of severe allergic reactions ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , itching , hives and swelling ) have been reported very rarely . if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a dummy tablet . however , fatigue , dry mouth and headache were reported more often than with a dummy tablet . in adolescents , headache was the most commonly reported side effect . in clinical studies with aerius , the following side effects were reported as : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people fatigue dry mouth headache adults during the marketing of aerius , the following side effects were reported as : very rare : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people severe allergic reactions rash pounding or irregular heartbeat fast heartbeat stomach ache feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting upset stomach diarrhoea dizziness drowsiness inability to sleep muscle pain hallucinations seizures restlessness with increased liver inflammation abnormal liver function tests body movement not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data unusual weakness yellowing of the skin and / or eyes increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun , even in case of hazy sun , and to uv light , for instance to uv lights of a solarium changes in the way the heart beats abnormal behaviour aggression weight increased , increased appetite children not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data slow heartbeat change in the way the heart beats 59 abnormal behaviour aggression reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this vaccine : common ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): diarrhoea irritability uncommon ( these may occur with up to 1 in 100 doses of the vaccine ): abdominal pain ( see also below for signs of very rare side effects of intussusception ) flatulence inflammation of the skin side effects that have been reported during marketed use of rotarix include : very rare : hives ( urticaria ) very rare : intussusception ( part of the intestine gets blocked or twisted ). the signs may include severe stomach pain , persistent vomiting , blood in stools , a swollen belly and / or high fever . contact a doctor / health care professional right away if your child experiences one of these symptoms . blood in stools in babies born very prematurely ( at or before 28 weeks of gestation ) longer gaps than normal between breaths may occur for 2 - 3 days after vaccination . children with a rare inherited illness called severe combined immunodeficiency ( scid ) may have an inflamed stomach or gut ( gastroenteritis ) and pass the vaccine virus in their stools . the signs of gastroenteritis may include feeling sick , being sick , stomach cramps or diarrhoea . reporting of side effects if your child gets any of the side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in clinical studies side effects were mainly seen while patients were being given the medicine or shortly after (" infusion related reactions "). severe life - threatening allergic reactions (" anaphylactoid reactions ") have been reported in some patients . if you experience any serious side effect , you should contact your doctor immediately . very common symptoms ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include chills , fever , feeling cold , nausea , vomiting , headache and abnormal feelings in the skin such as burning or tingling . your doctor may decide to lower the infusion rate or give you additional medicines to prevent such reactions from occurring . list of other side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): chest pain sleepiness fatigue difficulty in breathing increased heart beat flushing pallor abdominal pain pain itching back pain throat tightness abnormal tear secretion rash dizziness feeling weak low heart rate palpitations tinnitus lethargy decreased sensitivity to pain nasal congestion syncope burning sensation diarrhoea cough wheezing redness abdominal discomfort urticaria muscle pain swelling face pain at the extremities increased blood pressure joint pain nasopharyngitis sudden swelling of the face or throat decreased blood pressure hot flush oedema in extremities chest discomfort feeling hot vertigo face oedema hyperthermia stomach discomfort exacerbated difficulty in breathing decreased mouth sensitivity muscle spasms muscle tightness musculoskeletal stiffness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tremor itching eyes low heart rate due to conduction disturbances red eyes ear swelling increased sensitivity to pain ear pain bronchospasm upper respiratory tract congestion throat pain runny nose red rash fast breathing heart burn ( mottled purplish ) skin discoloration itchy rash skin discomfort coldness of the extremities feeling hot and cold musculoskeletal pain injection site blood clotting difficulty swallowing rhinitis skin discoloration infusion site pain influenza - like illness oedema infusion site reaction malaise not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): lower blood oxygen levels serious inflammation of the vessels in some patients initially treated at the recommended dose , and whose dose was later reduced for an extended period , some symptoms of fabry disease were reported more frequently . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking rizmoic and contact your doctor if you get a combination of 3 or more of the following symptoms of opioid withdrawal on the same day : feeling depressed nausea ( feeling sick ) or vomiting achy muscles watery eyes or runny nose pupils dilating hairs of the skin standing on end sweating diarrhoea yawning fever inability to sleep the following side effects may happen with this medicine : if you are being treated with an opioid medicine for chronic non - cancer pain . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): if you experience a serious allergic reaction , stop taking rizmoic and see a doctor or go to a hospital straight away .. serious allergic reactions include : swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , face , lips or throat which may cause difficulty swallowing or breathing , itching of the skin and nettle rash . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea stomach pain nausea ( feeling sick ) vomiting if you are being treated with an opioid medicine for cancer . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea common : stomach pain not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) gastrointestinal perforation ( a hole developing in the bowel wall ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking spectrila if you experience : inflammation of the pancreas , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back , severe liver function abnormalities ( determined by laboratory tests ), allergic reactions including serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), flushing , rash , low blood pressure , swelling of face and throat , hives , shortness of breath , blood clotting disorders such as bleeding , disseminated intravascular coagulation ( dic ) or formation of blood clots ( thrombosis ), high blood sugar level ( hyperglycaemia ). a list of all other side effects is set out below according to how common they are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache or watery stools ( diarrhoea ) 28 accumulation of fluid ( oedema ) feeling of tiredness abnormal laboratory tests including changes in protein levels in the blood , changes in blood fat or in liver enzyme values or high level of urea in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): mild to moderate reduction in all blood cell counts allergic reactions including wheezing ( bronchospasm ) or difficulty in breathing low blood sugar level ( hypoglycaemia ) loss of appetite or weight loss depression , hallucination or confusion nervousness ( agitation ) or somnolence ( sleepiness ) changes in the electroencephalogram ( a trace of the electrical activity of your brain ) high blood levels of amylase and lipase pain ( back pain , joint pain , stomach ache ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): high blood levels of uric acid ( hyperuricaemia ) high blood levels of ammonia ( hyperammonaemia ) headache rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): diabetic ketoacidosis ( complication due to uncontrolled blood sugar ) seizures , severe impairment of consciousness including coma , and stroke reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome ( a condition characterised by headache , confusion , seizures and visual loss ) inflammation of the salivary glands ( parotitis ) cholestasis ( blocked bile flow from the liver ) jaundice destruction of liver cells ( liver cell necrosis ) liver failure which may lead to death very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): decreased function of the thyroid gland or the parathyroid glands mild tremor ( shaking ) of the fingers pseudocysts of the pancreas ( collections of fluid after acute inflammation of the pancreas ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): infections fatty liver reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects is listed below . very common : affects more than 1 user in 10 common : affects 1 to 10 users in 100 uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common side effects : irregular menstrual periods and cessation of menstrual periods . if you are sexually active and your period stops altogether , do not assume that this is caused by ammonaps . if this occurs , please discuss it with your doctor , because the absence of your period may be caused by pregnancy ( see pregnancy and breast - feeding section above ). common side effects : changes in number of blood cells ( red cells , white cells and platelets ), reduced appetite , depression , irritability , headache , fainting , fluid retention ( swelling ), changes in taste ( taste disturbances ), pain in the abdomen , vomiting , nausea , constipation , skin odour , rash , abnormal kidney function , weight gain , altered laboratory test values . uncommon side effects : deficiency in red blood cells due to bone marrow depression , bruising , altered heart rhythm , rectal bleeding , stomach irritation , stomach ulcer , inflammation of the pancreas . if persistent vomiting occurs , you should contact your doctor immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . immediate breathing difficulties if your breathing or wheezing gets worse straight after using this medicine , stop using it and get medical help immediately . pneumonia ( infection of the lung ) in copd patients ( common side effect ) tell your doctor if you have any of the following while using elebrato ellipta these could be symptoms of a lung infection : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat caused by a fungal infection ( candidiasis ). rinsing your mouth out with water immediately after using elebrato ellipta may help prevent this side effect . infection of the nose , sinuses or throat infection of the upper airways itchy , runny or blocked nose pain in the back of the mouth and throat inflammation of the sinuses inflammation of the lungs ( bronchitis ) flu ( influenza ) common cold headache cough painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) joint pain back pain constipation . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : irregular heart beat faster heart beat hoarseness weakening of the bones , leading to fractures . other side effects other side effects have occurred but their exact frequency is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): blurred vision 36 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported : common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people : constipation diarrhoea abdominal pain wind low blood magnesium seen in tests uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people : nausea vomiting reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
